________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 30, 2023

MEM-556-23

Legislative Director
Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Legislative Director to
join her office in Washington, D.C. In close collaboration with the Member,
Chief of Staff, and her communications and district teams, the Legislative
Director will oversee the Member’s policy agenda, particularly through her work
on the House Appropriations and Natural Resources Committees, and manage her
legislative team. This position reports to the Chief of Staff and works closely with
the COS in formulating the Member’s legislative strategy while uplifting the
legislative team in their work.
Candidate should have a strong track record of managing, training, and
supervising a team in a fast-paced environment, translating authorizing and
appropriations priorities into successful outcomes, and developing strong
relationships with on- and off-Hill stakeholders. Sound policy judgement and
firm grasp of committee, floor, and other House procedures are musts.
Candidate should have strong verbal and written communication skills fit to keep
the Member and full team consistently briefed. Candidate must be driven,
creative, good-humored, skilled at receiving and delivering feedback, and
committed to furthering a team-first, collaborative work environment. Candidate
will also oversee the office’s constituent correspondence program. Nevada ties
are a plus, as is experience with immigration, defense, foreign affairs, education,
and judiciary issues.

Page 1 of 24

Applications will be reviewed as they are received, and interviews could begin
very soon, with an eye to quickly filling this position. Interested candidates are
encouraged to apply as soon as they can.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF a resume, cover letter, writing sample of 1,000
words or fewer, and three references (including name, current title and
organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to nv03resumes@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Director.”
MEM-552-23

The Congressional Equality Caucus, a caucus of 195 U.S. Representatives
focused on advancing LGBTQI+ equality, is looking for a Press
Secretary/Digital Director to work full-time in Washington, DC.
The Press Secretary reports directly to the Executive Director of the
Congressional Equality Caucus and also works closely with the communications
team in the Chair’s personal office.
Job responsibilities include:
•Drafting social media guidance documents for Equality Caucus members,
including talking points and sample social media posts for themed days and
anniversaries (e.g., Pride Month, Transgender Day of Remembrance) and highprofile legislative activity;
•Managing the Caucus’ website and social media channels, including updating
the website, drafting Facebook posts, tweets, and Instagram posts, and creating
graphics;
•Drafting press releases and communicating with the press;
•Building and maintaining relationships with Equality Caucus Members’
communications staff;
•Working with the Equality Caucus fellow on drafting the weekly newsletter and
daily clips;
•Assisting the Executive Director, as needed, with logistical and administrative
support, such as coordinating event and briefing logistics; and
•Other duties as assigned.
Ideal qualifications: Ideal candidates will be excellent writers, detail-oriented,
organized, self-starters, team players, and able to produce high quality work in a
fast-paced environment under tight deadlines. Experience on Capitol Hill is not
required but candidates must have a familiarity with the House of Representatives
and a basic understanding of the legislative process. In addition, experience

Page 2 of 24

working on LGBTQI+ issues is a plus but not required. This is not an entry-level
position. Candidates should have 2-3 years of relevant experience.
Salary and Benefits: Salary is commensurate with experience; the salary range for
this position is $60,000-$75,000.
Additional benefits include health, dental, and vision insurance; retirement
benefits; transit benefits; access to the student loan repayment program for House
employees; ability to work remotely during certain non-session days; and 20 days
of annual leave, among other benefits.
Equal Opportunity Employer: The Equality Caucus benefits from a staff that
reflects the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority
backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The caucus does not discriminate
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, and sex characteristics,
including intersex traits), disability, age, or national origin.
About the Congressional Equality Caucus (CEC): Founded in 2008, the mission
of the Congressional Equality Caucus is to promote equality for all, regardless of
sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or sex characteristics, including
intersex traits. The Caucus is strongly committed to achieving the full enjoyment
of human rights for LGBTQI+ people in the U.S. and around the world. You can
learn more at https://lgbtq.house.gov/.
To apply: All interested candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates
should send a one-page resume, a one-page cover letter (covering, at minimum,
why you want to work for the CEC and how your past experiences have provided
you the skills to succeed in this role), and a short writing sample as a single PDF
to equality.caucushire@mail.house.gov. Please put “Press Secretary/Digital
Director – [Your First and Last Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-551-23

Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Legislative Director
to join her office in Washington, D.C.
In close collaboration with the Member, Chief of Staff, and her communications
and district teams, the Legislative Director will oversee the Member’s policy
agenda, particularly through her work on the House Appropriations and Natural
Resources Committees, and manage her legislative team. This position reports to
the Chief of Staff and works closely with the COS in formulating the Member’s
legislative strategy while uplifting the legislative team in their work.
Candidate should have a strong track record of managing, training, and
supervising a team in a fast-paced environment, translating authorizing and
appropriations priorities into successful outcomes, and developing strong
Page 3 of 24

relationships with on- and off-Hill stakeholders. Sound policy judgement and
firm grasp of committee, floor, and other House procedures are musts.
Candidate should have strong verbal and written communication skills fit to keep
the Member and full team consistently briefed. Candidate must be driven,
creative, good-humored, skilled at receiving and delivering feedback, and
committed to furthering a team-first, collaborative work environment. Candidate
will also oversee the office’s constituent correspondence program. Nevada ties
are a plus, as is experience with immigration, defense, foreign affairs, education,
and judiciary issues.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF a resume, cover letter, writing sample of 1,000
words or fewer, and three references (including name, current title and
organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to nv03resumes@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Director.”
MEM-546-23

Member Services Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Member Services Director who
is exceptionally motivated, dynamic, strategic, and detail-oriented to engage with
CBC Member offices and outside partners to advance a robust member services
portfolio.
The Member Services Director will be expected to proactively build strong
relationships across CBC Member offices and develop strategic opportunities for
Member engagement advancing shared priorities. The individual will also be
expected to coordinate with CBC staff to field and respond to inquiries and
requests for support from Member offices and respond to and share external
opportunities for Member engagement as they arise.
The Member Services Director is also responsible for assisting in overseeing all
aspects of caucus operations, logistics, designated administrative responsibilities
and to support caucus leadership.
The Member Services Director responsibilities will include:
•Conducting regular outreach to Member offices to build relationships with staff,
share opportunities for Member or staff participation in events, messaging, and
other efforts, and identify new ideas for collaboration with Member offices
•Sharing resources with Member offices and working with CBC, congressional,
and external staff to develop high-quality materials for Member office use
Page 4 of 24

•Drafting regular newsletters for Member offices with relevant updates and
opportunities, as well as for external audiences to uplift Member engagement on
CBC issues
•Developing a network of external partners working on issues relevant to the
CBC and Member offices
•Maintaining staff contact information and distribution lists
•Provides orientation and training for new staff;
•Assists departing employees with necessary administrative procedures (i.e.,
returning keys, House I.D. cards, and other office property; obtaining forwarding
addresses, work files, and records);
•Supervises the mail operations and the administrative files and personnel
records;
•Assists staff in scheduling House or Capitol rooms for outside group functions;
•Organize and facilitate meetings and other strategic convenings to support
institutional
•change, policies, and programmatic work;
•Oversees operations for CBC including organizing weekly meetings and events
•Provides logistical support for all programming
•Works with the CBC personal office staffs and coordinates with the CBC
Schedulers to implement the Caucus’ priorities
•Builds and maintains databases of internal and external stakeholders
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player.
Candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of House and Senate
legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov.
No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-544-23

The House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure is seeking a
Committee Clerk.
This is a non-partisan position, which requires discretion and confidentiality in
handling committee matters, strong organizational skills, and attention to detail.
The ideal candidate will have a minimum of four years of previous Congressional
experience, ideally as a Committee Clerk, knowledge of Congressional
administrative rules and procedures, the ability to manage multiple tasks and
projects, work well under pressure, have strong oral and written communication
skills, and the ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment.

Page 5 of 24

Core Responsibilities Include:
•Maintaining Committee official records in compliance with House and
Committee Rules including the maintenance of the House Repository and
Committee archive records.
•Responsible for the distribution of Hearing and Markup notices and materials
pursuant to House and Committee Rules.
•Managing hearing materials including testimonies, biographies, truth in
testimony forms, materials and questions submitted for the record as well as
responses in preparation for publishing the contents of hearings as an official
House documents.
•Oversight of the Government Publishing Office (GPO) operations as they relate
to the Committee.
•Providing monthly data regarding Committee action to the Committee on House
Administration.
•Organizing and documenting Committee markups in coordination with the
Committee Counsels.
•Acting as Reading Clerk and Tally Clerk, including the live posting of
amendments and their disposition to the House Repository during Committee
markups.
•Maintaining legislative files, including referral of legislation to Subcommittees.
•Assisting in the preparation and filing of Committee legislative reports and
Committee Activity Report.
This is not an entry level position, and salary is commensurate with experience.
The Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates
of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter
to: TIResumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line Committee Clerk.
MEM-543-23

TITLE: Caseworker
REPORTS TO: District Director
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Maintain extensive casework through written correspondence and verbal
communication with constituents.
•Serve as liaison to federal, district, and local agencies on behalf of the
Congressman and his constituents.
•Demonstrate professionalism and practice discretion.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
•Thorough knowledge of the federal legislative process.
•Ability to maintain working knowledge of major issues and events in the district.
•Microsoft Suite proficiency (Word, Excel, Outlook, ect).
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
Page 6 of 24

•Ability to organize and prioritize tasks and activities.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
•Availability to work long hours as needed, under immense pressure while
maintaining a professional and courtesy demeanor.
•Enjoy working cooperatively with a dynamic, fast-paced team environment.
DUTIES:
•Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework.
•Acts as a representative for the Member within his area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, verbal communications with
constituents, and acting as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies.
•Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director.
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices.
•Prepares weekly reports for leadership on pending cases and district activities in
his or her assigned issue areas.
•Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Resumes should be submitted to: Lisa.gilmore@mail.house.gov (District
Director)
•Salary range: 45k to 50k a year
•Schedule: M-F 8a to 5pm
•Location: Houston, TX
Please list your interview availability dates when sending resumes and cover
letters to Lisa Gilmore.
MEM-538-23

Position Description: Congresswoman Porter seeks a legislative assistant to
handle civil rights, defense, federal courts, immigration, international affairs,
trade, veterans’ affairs, and related issues assigned by the office and to support
her work as a member of the Oversight & Accountability Subcommittee on
National Security, the Border, and Foreign Affairs.
The ideal candidate will have two to four years of Hill and comparable advocacy
experience, familiarity with congressional process and procedure, and a
demonstrated ability to design and execute legislative projects. The candidate will
have the creativity, drive, and confidence to propose original and compelling
legislative work, including drafting legislation, hearing questions, and oversight
letters that resonate with our ideologically diverse constituents. This is not an
entry level position. The salary for this position is $70,000.

Page 7 of 24

KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
●Manage the Congresswoman’s work on civil rights, defense, federal courts,
immigration, international affairs, trade, veterans’ affairs, and related policy
issues as assigned by the office.
●Monitor House floor and committee activity to recommend votes and legislative
action.
●Identify and pursue legislative opportunities for the Congresswoman, including
sponsoring or cosponsoring bills and drafting and cosigning letters.
●Draft and edit constituent correspondence, oversight letters, op-eds, talking
points, legislation, and other written material related to the issue area portfolio.
●Provide regular verbal and written reports to the Deputy Chief of Staff &
Legislative Director and Chief of Staff on legislative work and priorities.
●Communicate with the Chief of Staff and District Director to help them amplify
legislative work locally.
●Support the District Office in writing speeches and memos for events the
Congresswoman attends that fall under the issue area portfolio.
●Other duties as assigned the Deputy Chief of Staff & Legislative Director and
Chief of Staff.
Applications: To apply, send a resume and a short writing sample
to CA47.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject
line. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, ethnicity,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, family status, military status, disability,
gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.
MEM-532-23

Press Secretary - Congressman Henry Cuellar (TX-28)
The office of Congressman Henry Cuellar seeks a detail-oriented, highly
motivated Press Secretary in his Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include drafting op-eds, floor speeches, press releases,
statements, talking points, and advisories; booking interviews with national,
cable, and local press outlets across multiple markets; assisting with pitching
stories, responding to reporter inquiries, and staffing the Member as needed;
compiling news clips and transcribing interviews; collaborating with legislative
staff.
The ideal candidate has political communications experience and exceptional
writing and organizational skills. Successful candidates will also have experience
working in fast-paced environments, supporting and helping implement an
aggressive communications plan, working collaboratively to prioritize and
publicize a Members’ strategic goals, and balancing competing priorities.
Candidates with Texas ties are preferred and Spanish proficiency is highly
desired but not required. Diverse candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 8 of 24

Interested candidates should submit a resume, 3 references, and 3 writing samples
(ex: press release, op-ed, statement, floor speech, etc). Please send materials
to texas28resumes@gmail.com
MEM-530-23

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active and visible
legislative office staff.
The candidate must have strong interpersonal skills, be comfortable with
managing multiple tasks and able to work well under pressure.
The staff assistant is responsible for front office duties, including answering and
screening telephone calls, mail distribution, room reservations, and responding to
constituent requests for flags, tours, and other information. The staff assistant also
serves as intern coordinator by recruiting training, scheduling and assigning
duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication skills and a
working knowledge of the District of Columbia. Candidate must be a resident of
the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to D.C., if hired.
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov

MEM-529-23

Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant - Senior Democrat is seeking a
highly energetic, motivated, and organized individual with strong writing, social
media/media, and interpersonal skills who can manage multiple tasks and work
well under pressure.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent mail, including any research
necessary to write an adequate response to the mail; monitoring House floor
procedures; meeting with constituents and interested individuals/organizations;
preparing congressional record entries; drafting social media and outreach
content; producing high-quality graphics and videos; livestreaming outreach
events; and assisting the communications director with updating the website and
social media pages.
The ideal candidate will be a results-oriented problem solver and a motivated
self-starter who can think outside the box. Candidate must have a bachelor's
degree, excellent writing and communication skills. Candidate must be a resident
of, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov

Page 9 of 24

MEM-527-23

Director of Scheduling and Operations Job Opening
Congresswoman Julia Brownley (CA-26) seeks an experienced Director of
Scheduling and Operations to work in the Washington, DC office.
Candidates must have exceptional organizational and communication skills, be
detail-oriented, have a passion for serving our constituents, and have the ability to
execute multiple competing and ever-changing priorities in a fast-paced
environment.
Responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term schedule,
organizing and evaluating all meeting requests and invitations with senior staff,
compiling and managing the Member’s daily materials, helping the District
Director with the Member’s district schedule as and if needed. The scheduling
aspect of the position requires both impeccable attention to detail, extraordinary
professionalism under stressful and ever-changing circumstances, and an ability
to prioritize the Member’s needs with the big picture in mind.
Candidate will also oversee office operations, which includes preparing and
submitting office expenses, arranging travel for the Member, the Chief of Staff,
and other staff members, working with the Chief of Staff on certain budget items,
ensuring that constituents are greeted in a professional and welcoming manner,
supervising front office staff, coordinating with IT contractors, and other tasks
related to the day to day operations of the office.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital, or parental
status.
This is not an entry-level position; ideal candidates will have scheduling
experience and knowledge of the Hill. Southern California ties and Spanish
fluency are a plus. Salary range is competitive to the position and commensurate
with experience.
To apply, please send cover letter, resume, and references
to: CA26Resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-526-23

Constituent Services and Field Representative
Congresswoman Lucy McBath (GA-07) seeks a staff member based in the Metro
Atlanta region for a position in her Duluth District Office. Primary
responsibilities include assisting constituents in resolving issues with various
federal agencies and representing the Congresswoman at meetings and events
throughout the district.
Additionally, the staff member will play an active role in creating constituent
services events and coordinating site visits as well as supporting the management
Page 10 of 24

of incoming and outgoing District Office communications. Candidates with
experience in the nonprofit, healthcare, or public sectors are strongly encouraged
to apply, and fluency in one or more of the following languages is a plus: Chinese
(Mandarin or Cantonese), Korean, Spanish, or Vietnamese.
Successful applicants will:
•Be a team player who can work independently while managing multiple tasks
and projects
•Possess strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills
•Practice strong interpersonal skills with constituents, agencies, and stakeholders
•Be willing to staff events and attend meetings outside of business hours as
necessary
•Reliably execute tasks and projects with great organization and attention to
detail
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, as well as
candidates with ties to Georgia.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume
to GA07Resumes@gmail.com with the subject line “Constituent Services and
Field Representative” no later than November 6th, 2023.
MEM-512-23

The Office of Congresswoman Lois Frankel (FL-22) seeks a Digital/Press
Staffer to support the Congresswoman’s communications efforts.
Title, specific responsibilities, and exact pay for this position are flexible and
commensurate with experience. The Digital/Press Staffer will report directly to
the Communications Director and oversee digital communications and outreach.
This is a full-time in-person position based in Washington, D.C. The ideal
candidate is a team player who can juggle multiple projects, deliver professional
work under tight deadlines, develop and implement new ideas, and stay
organized.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Managing the Congresswoman’s Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram pages and
producing videos, photos, and other creative content.
•Developing and carrying out a digital media strategy.
•Creating graphics that effectively communicate an idea or policy clearly.
•Drafting Facebook ads, unsolicited texts/newsletters, and working with the
Communications Director to formulate a comprehensive Franked
communications plan.
•Analyzing digital media performance.
Page 11 of 24

•Assisting the Communications Director with photography at DC events,
hearings, mark-ups, etc.
•Managing and distributing daily clips and media mentions.
•Developing and updating media lists.
•Drafting written materials like press releases, media advisories, and ICYMI’s.
•Assisting with the day-to-day operation of the communications shop.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
•Previous Hill experience is preferred and Florida ties are a plus. Proficiency in
Adobe Creative Suite, Canva or an industry-recognized design program is
required. Experience with Franked media strongly preferred. Some photography
experience is a plus.
SALARY AND BENEFITS:
Salary range is $55,000 - $65,000 depending on experience, and includes health
insurance, student loan repayment, and other competitive benefits. Please
visit tinyurl.com/fl22-comms-opening to apply. Applications will be reviewed on
a rolling basis.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
MEM-510-23

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking an experienced Staff
Assistant for his Honolulu district office.
Duties include but are not limited to greeting visitors and answering constituent
calls and requests for general information, tours and other inquiries. This position
also is responsible for a wide variety of administrative duties and acts as a liaison
to the federal, district and local government agencies on behalf of the
Congressman on requests by constituents for assistance with individual issues.
Direct report to the Deputy Chief of Staff in the Honolulu office, although the
position also interacts directly with the Congressman and his Washington, D.C.
office.
Very strong preference given to (1) prior experience, especially in comparable
duties and (2) Hawai‘i background/community involvement and applicants are
asked to detail these attributes. The position also requires initiative, strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and effectively
under pressure, make decisions and solve problems, orientation to detail,
excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and long and unpredictable
hours.

Page 12 of 24

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-508-23

Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) seeks an exceptional, experienced
Press Secretary/Digital Director (PS/DD) to join a dynamic, fast paced team,
working out of the Washington, DC office.
Working with the Communications Director, located in the District, the PS/DD
will develop, coordinate, and implement digital and traditional media and
communication strategies that highlight the Member’s work and advance her
robust online/digital presence. Other primary responsibilities include but are not
limited to developing, editing, and producing graphics, videography, and other
creative tools to enhance messaging; fielding press requests from local and
national media; producing the Member’s newsletters; drafting releases and
advisories, speeches , and talking points.
The successful candidate will have a creative and strategic approach to visual and
graphic design, excellent oral and written communications skills, an ability to
handle multiple assignments on tight deadlines, a desire to hone the Member’s
voice, a strong collaborative approach to cross functional teaming, and a good
sense of humor. They will also have a working knowledge of the legislative
process, procedures, and organization of the House, with a proven ability to build
strong, collaborative relationships while working in a crisis-oriented environment
and handling stress appropriately. Ohio ties are a plus, but not required, but
proven effective digital and videography experience is required.
This is not an entry level position. The ideal candidate will have at least three
years of Hill and/or other communications experience in a policy or constituent
services environment with an emphasis on professional digital media,
videography, and general communications proficiency beyond the intern level.
The salary is flexible and dependent upon proven experience and expertise.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing and one creative
samples to Ohio11Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press
Secretary – Last Name, First Initial.” No drop-ins, direct emails to staff or phone
calls, please. The position is open until filled, but applications will be screened as
they are received.

MEM-506-23

Representative Josh Gottheimer (NJ-05) seeks a Legislative Assistant to manage
work including:
• A focused issue portfolio including the House Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence, Israel, and general foreign policy and defense issues;
• Drafting and editing legislation, amendments, resolutions, letters and memos;
• Building relationships with relevant stakeholders; and
Page 13 of 24

• Working with the communications team to highlight the Congressman’s work.
Applicants should send, as a single PDF file, a cover letter, resume and three
references with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line
to nj5jobs@mail.house.gov. The PDF file should be titled “Legislative Assistant
– LastName, FirstName” (e.g. “Legislative Assistant – Doe, Jane.pdf”).
Female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.
MEM-500-23

Rep. Salinas seeks an organized, creative, team-oriented, Grants Coordinator
and Field Representative for her district office in Tigard, Oregon.
The Grants Coordinator responsibilities include tracking federal grant
opportunities and liaising with key stakeholders (local and state government,
local businesses and community-based organizations, federal agency grant
administrators) and internal staff, maintaining and regularly updating the grants
tracker, tracking new grant opportunities, works closely with the Legislative
Director to develop a successful Congressional Project Funding (CPF) process,
and providing additional office support as needed.
Candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills,
interpersonal skills, great attention to detail, strong time management skills, and a
desire to work collaboratively.
The Field Representative responsibilities include acting as a grassroots
representative for the Member within their area of responsibility, informs the
District Director and office on all happenings in their assigned issue area,
building and maintaining positive relationships with constituents, key community
leaders and other stakeholders, attends events to staff or advance the member
including on evenings and weekends, as determined by the District Director.
Qualified applicants should have prior professional experience, reliable
transportation, and be prepared to work in a fast-paced office that frequently
requires non-traditional work hours, extensive district travel, and remote work.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.
Salary is approximately $65,000-$70,000 (or commensurate with experience)
with federal benefits.

Page 14 of 24

SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS:
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Ability to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
responsibilities;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Knowledge of office computer applications; and
•Proficiency in word processing.
QUESTIONS OR TO APPLY:
Interested applicants should e-mail 1) a resume, 2) a cover letter,
to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject “Grants Coordinator/Field
Rep: Last Name”
MEM-499-23

The Office of Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (OR-06) seeks a Digital
Outreach Manager to join a past-faced communications team and lead an
aggressive digital outreach program for a freshman member in a brand-new
congressional district. The ideal candidate is a self-starter who has strong writing
skills, a relentless creative streak, a good sense of humor, and a deep familiarity
with social media. Applicants with Oregon ties will be given preference. Spanishfluency is a major plus.
This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities include creating digital content (copy, graphics, videos, toolkits,
etc.), managing the Congresswoman’s social media pages, overseeing a large
Franked communications program, updating the Congresswoman’s website, and
other press and creative projects as assigned.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, 2-3 references, one
writing sample, and one digital sample to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with
the following subject line: “Full Name – Digital Outreach Manager.”
Salary Level / Range: $58,000 - $65,000 or commensurate with experience.

MEM-496-23

Communications Assistant— The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA01) is seeking a communications assistant.

Page 15 of 24

This position is responsible for developing a proactive constituent
communications strategy and plan. Primary responsibilities include: writing
weekly email newsletters for targeted constituent coalitions, overseeing website
management and updates, branding through graphic design, managing social
media, overseeing the telephone town hall program, and maintaining the
Member’s photo and video database. They will work with the communications
director to find new ways grow the congressman’s following and maintain
synergy across communications materials.
A strong candidate will be a creative, proactive communicator familiar with
social media, the legislative process, website maintenance, as well as
photography, graphic design, and video editing. Excellent written and oral skills
are required. An ability to multitask and work under tight deadlines is necessary.
Candidates must have previous congressional or political communications
experience; ties to Virginia’s First District are helpful but not required.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to Julianne.Heberlein@mail.house.gov with “Communications Assistant” in the
subject line.
MEM-495-23

Position Overview:
Congresswoman Dina Titus (D-NV-1) is seeking an experienced
Communications Director to lead media efforts in a fast- paced Washington,
D.C. office. We are looking for a self-starting professional with a strong
background in political communications, media relations, and social media
management.
The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of both national and local
media and be capable of developing and implementing strategic communication
and digital plans. This is not an entry-level position, and a successful candidate
must have 2-5 years of communications experience in a relevant setting.
Key Responsibilities:
●Strategic Communications: Develop and execute strategic communication plans
in collaboration with senior staff and the legislative team, ensuring alignment
with the Congresswoman's priorities and legislative initiatives.
●Media Relations: Cultivate and maintain strong relationships with local and
national print, radio, and broadcast media professionals.
●Media Outreach: Successfully pitch the Congresswoman to both local and
national TV, radio, and print media, positioning her effectively on key issues.
●Event Planning: Plan and manage press conferences, tele-townhalls,
roundtables, and other events in both Washington, D.C., and the district.
●Media Engagement: Prepare, brief, and accompany the Congresswoman for
media interviews, press conferences, roundtables, and other public engagements.
●Content Creation: Draft talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds, and
other materials in the Congresswoman's voice.
Page 16 of 24

●Social Media Management: Manage the Congresswoman's social media
presence, including drafting engaging content, clipping interviews, and creating
graphics for various platforms.
●Website Maintenance: Ensure that the office website features timely and
relevant content.
●Current Affairs: Stay informed about current news and legislative issues that
may impact the Congresswoman's work.
Qualifications:
●Exceptional Communication Skills: Strong writing, editing, and proofreading
skills.
●Media Proficiency: Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media.
●Experience: 2-5 years of experience in developing communication strategy for
elected officials, government agencies, non-profit organizations, or similar
entities.
●Team Player: Expertise in advising others on communication strategy and the
ability to work effectively with a team and Member of Congress.
●Deadline-Oriented: Capable of producing communications materials under tight
deadlines.
●Strategic Thinker: Politically savvy and skilled at navigating challenging
situations with the press and staff.
●Adaptability: Ability to work flexible hours, including long hours, nights, and
weekends, as needed.
●Constructive Feedback: Willingness to accept performance-based criticism and
direction.
●Relationship Building: Ability to maintain positive working relationships with
the Congresswoman, staff, and media professionals.
Equal Opportunity Employer:
Our office is committed to promoting diversity and inclusivity. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or expression,
pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
To Apply:
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to NV01jobs@gmail.com with "Application: Rep. Titus
Communications Director" in the subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-494-23

McClellan Hiring Communications Staffer
The Office of Congresswoman Jennifer McClellan (VA-04) seeks a proactive,
creative, and digital-savvy individual to join her D.C.-based communications
team. This position reports directly to the Communications Director and will play
Page 17 of 24

an integral role in the office’s press and digital operation. Title, responsibilities,
and pay for this position are flexible and commensurate with experience. The pay
range is $60,000-$75,000.
Responsibilities include managing social media pages, writing compelling social
copy, and developing creative graphics, videos, and other digital collateral.
Additional responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s website, compiling
daily press clips, assisting in the execution of virtual and in-person press events,
and supporting the Communications Director in drafting and sending other press
materials, including press releases, media advisories, op-eds, and other content.
The ideal candidate will be creative in how they develop and grow the Member’s
digital platforms, be proficient in Adobe Creative Suite, understand social media
metrics, graphic design, and video production, be detail-oriented, and possess
strong written and verbal communication skills.
Prior communications experience required. Capitol Hill or other political
communications experience preferred. Virginia ties are a plus.
To apply please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to VA04.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
This full-time position is based in her Washington, D.C. office. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, national
origin, age, or military, marital, or parental status. The office prioritizes building
a diverse team: women and candidates from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and other
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply.
MEM-468-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks one attorney with 5-10 years of experience to serve as Investigative
Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.
The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.

Page 18 of 24

Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE
•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
•Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned

Page 19 of 24

Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.

Page 20 of 24

QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.
MEM-448-23

Professional Staff Member: The House Armed Services Committee Democrats
are seeking a Professional Staff Member for the Military Personnel
Subcommittee.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, advising Members of Congress on
military justice and other military personnel policy matters, evaluating budget
requests and legislative proposals, preparing for committee hearings and
briefings, and developing and drafting proposal for inclusion in the annual
National Defense Authorization Act.
The Military Personnel Subcommittee jurisdiction includes: policy and programs
and accounts related to military personnel and their families, Reserve Component
integration and employment, military health care, military education, dependent
Page 21 of 24

schools, POW/MIA issues, Morale, Welfare and Recreation, commissaries,
cemeteries under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense, the Uniform
Code of Military Justice, military retirement issues, and the civilian and contract
workforce.
This is not an entry level position. Candidates with a law degree and experience
with the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) are strongly preferred. The
Committee is an is an Equal Opportunity Employer and strongly values the
diversity of its employees. A successful candidate will be required to obtain and
maintain a security clearance.
Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references,
to hasc.dememployment@mail.house.gov with the subject line: “Full Name –
PSM – Military Personnel.” We will accept applications until the position is
filled.
MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy
Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.

Page 22 of 24

Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and
possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-305-23

DPCC COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – The House Democratic Policy
and Communications Committee seeks an experienced Communications Director.
The Communications Director will work with the Executive Director to design
and execute strategies that advance the message priorities and values of House
Democrats; create messaging guidance, event suggestions, sample releases, and
other communications tools; help Democratic offices pitch stories, hold strong
local press events, and position Members in the media; and assist in bolstering
paid communications programs in Democratic offices.
The Communications Director is also expected to assist with the planning and
execution of regular DPCC message meetings and policy dinners; support DPCC
outreach initiatives; and assist with daily tasks and long-term planning. Spanish
language fluency and experience with constituency media is strongly preferred.
This is not an entry-level position; a strong background in communications on
Capitol Hill is required. DPCC is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex,
gender, LGBTQ+ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people
of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. DPCC
will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
To apply, please email jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF: 1. Cover letter; 2. Résumé;
3. Two writing samples, with one coming from work on Capitol Hill; and 4. Two
references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email,
and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not
contact these references without contacting you first).

Page 23 of 24

MEM-300-23

Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-O4) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working,
skilled and experienced Legislative Director to help shape and manage a robust
legislative portfolio.
Congressman Horsford is a member of the Armed Services and Financial
Services Committees, Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, and an active
frontline member. Previous legislative experience on Capitol Hill is required, and
Nevada ties are a plus.
Ideal candidates will have experience managing and mentoring staff, thinking
strategically and will possess a sophisticated understanding of the legislative
process, along with excellent writing, organizational and time management skills.
The ideal candidate will primarily be responsible for managing a legislative
portfolio that consists of healthcare, taxes, gun violence prevention, and other
issues.
Candidates should be creative, proactive and self-motivated, and have an ability
to operate effectively under pressure and work closely in a team atmosphere in
this fast-moving, dynamic office.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or parental
status. Women, people of color and LGBTQAI+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply, as are candidates with Nevada ties.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience, along with generous
benefits and professional development opportunities.
Interested candidates must include a cover letter, resume, two page max writing
sample and three professional references in a single PDF file.
Email submissions to the Director of Administration, Selena Harvey
at nv04resumes@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-LD-23_last name". No calls please. Individuals selected for an
interview will be contacted.

Page 24 of 24

