________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 11, 2023

MEM-622-23

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford representing the 4th District of
Nevada, is seeking a dynamic and dedicated individual to serve as a Health
Legislative Assistant. The successful candidate will play a pivotal role in
developing and executing legislative initiatives focused on health care, seniors,
social security, and immigration, contributing to impactful policy changes that
directly impact the constituents of the 4th District.
Primary Responsibilities will include, but not limited to:
•Legislative Initiatives: Develop and execute legislative initiatives within the
assigned portfolio, concentrating on health care, seniors, social security, and
immigration. Monitor legislative developments on the House floor and
committees, staying informed on
relevant issues.
•Building Support: Gather support for bills or amendments from other Members
and relevant interest groups, fostering collaboration and consensus-building.
•Vote Recommendations: Provide informed vote recommendations based on
thorough analysis and understanding of the legislative landscape.
•Policy Drafting: Draft, develop, and negotiate legislative text with the respective
committee, ensuring alignment with the Congressman's objectives.
•Committee Preparedness: Staff and prepare the Congressman for committee
briefings, hearings, and markups related to the assigned portfolio.

Page 1 of 15

•Research and Analysis: Conduct research using various tools to acquire, analyze,
and interpret data. Present findings to the Congressman, Senior Management, and
other stakeholders on issues impacting Congressional District 4.
Communication and Commitment:
•Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate effectively with
diverse communities.
•Ability to navigate challenging conversations among diverse groups and build
consensus.
•Commitment to public service, strong work ethic, and the ability to perform
under pressure.
Application Instructions:
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes. Interested candidates
should submit a cover letter,
resume, two writing samples (no longer than two pages), and three professional
references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with "Legislative Assistant, [Last
Name, First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF
file.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Salary is commensurate with experience.
MEM-621-23

The House Democratic Caucus is currently seeking a full-time Caucus Assistant
for our Washington, D.C. office. The ideal candidate is an excellent writer,
diligent organizer and strong team player with an interest in developing their own
leadership skills. They also possess strong interpersonal skills, accept
performance-based feedback and direction, work well under pressure and display
excellent attention to detail, sound judgment and discretion in all tasks.
Caucus Assistants are key members of the Caucus Operations Team and support
the entire Caucus staff in executing the functions of the House Democratic
Caucus. This includes supporting the planning and execution of Member-level
events such as the weekly House Democratic Caucus meeting, the yearly
Democratic Issues Conference, and other events and receptions. They also
coordinate Caucus Services for Members, including room reservations and the
equipment rental library, support the intern program, coordinate closely with
other teams in the office and perform other duties as assigned.
This position is FLSA non-exempt and reports to the Deputy Director of
Operations and Director of Operations. Caucus Assistants work a flexible
schedule that can include long hours, nights and occasional weekends and are
eligible for overtime compensation. This role includes some physical tasks like
lifting and pushing carts as part of event setup and logistical responsibilities.

Page 2 of 15

Reliable access to a vehicle is preferred but not required. Spanish language skills
are also preferred but not required.
The House Democratic Caucus is an equal opportunity employer; we do not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital
status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable
federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require a reasonable accommodation
to participate in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes.
Interested applicants should submit an application using the link below and send
a resume and cover letter to DemCaucusResume@mail.house.gov. The subject
line should be in the following format "First Name Last Name - Caucus
Assistant" and each document should be a separate PDF attachment in the email.
Applications will be reviewed as soon as they are received. Interested candidates
are encouraged to submit their applications as soon as possible and no later than
Monday, December 18, 2023.
Application
Link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe2ylUsu4irDJbRFzHK8LEu
QbceOQh7OJv8uzNONKmf_qIkDg/viewform
MEM-619-23

SCHEDULER – Congressman Mark Pocan (WI-02), member of the House
Appropriations Committee, is seeking a highly motivated, detail-orientated, and
energetic individual with excellent oral and written communications skills for a
scheduler position in the Washington, DC office.
Daily tasks include managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
DC, state and national schedule; coordinating travel, booking flight reservations,
and managing logistics for events; evaluating and organizing all incoming
meeting and event requests; communicating key information regarding the
Member and the Member’s schedule to staff; and working closely with both DC
and District staff to ensure smooth daily office operations. Candidates must be
available to assist the member outside of regular business hours.
This position requires candidates with proven experience in administrative roles,
knowledge of the Congressional work setting, and comfort working one-on-one
with the Member, Chief of Staff and District Director. Excellent writing, verbal
and strong organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a selfstarter while working in a fast paced environment. A sense of humor is greatly
appreciated. Previous Capitol Hill or scheduling experience is required; this is not
an entry level position and title could also include “Director of Scheduling” if
candidate has previous experience in that area.

Page 3 of 15

Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing
sample to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Scheduler” in the Subject Line.
Job opening closes at the end of business on Wednesday, December 20th. No
phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity and expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation.
MEM-614-23

Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks a Legislative Director to join his office
in Washington, D.C. The Legislative Director will oversee the office’s policy
agenda in close collaboration with the Member, Chief of Staff, and
communications and district staff. The Legislative Director will be responsible
for managing the legislative team, a legislative portfolio, formulating legislative
strategies, and other duties as assigned.
Candidates should have a strong track record of managing, training, and
supervising a team in a fast-paced environment. Candidates should have
experience developing strong relationships with stakeholders, making policy
recommendations and have a firm grasp of committee, floor, and other House
procedures. Candidates should have strong verbal and written communication
skills. The office is seeking an individual who is driven, creative, and committed
to furthering a collaborative work environment.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. Rhode Island ties are a plus. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, cover letter, and brief writing
sample, and three references (including name, current title and organization,
phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to RI01AmoJobs@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Director.”

MEM-613-23

Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks Caseworkers to join his office in Rhode
Island.
Candidates must have exceptional written and verbal communication skills, be
organized, and pay attention to detail. Candidates will be expected to be a liaison
to other government entities on behalf of the Congressman to serve constituents.
Candidates should have a strong ability to exercise discretion and judgment in
resolving casework. Caseworkers will report to the District Director, work with
the staff in Washington D.C. as appropriate, and may have other duties as
assigned.
Page 4 of 15

Candidates should have experience working in a fast-paced office and maintain a
professional, flexible, and positive demeanor while managing competing tasks
and projects. Caseworkers will be expected to maintain accurate and complete
files on all assigned casework matters and be able to respond to constituent
request for information.
Casework or other relevant experience is strongly preferred. This is not an entrylevel position. Rhode Island ties are a plus. Candidates of diverse backgrounds
are encouraged to apply. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, a cover letter, and three references
(including name, current title and organization, phone number, email, and
relationship to the reference) to RI01JobsAmo@gmail.com, with the following
subject line: “Full Name – Caseworker” by December 14.
MEM-612-23

Press Assistant (House Committee on Oversight and Accountability, Democratic
Staff)
House Oversight and Accountability Committee Democrats, under the leadership
of Ranking Member Jamie Raskin, seek a diligent and creative press assistant to
join our office. The press assistant will work closely with the communications
director, press secretary, and digital director and play a key role in executing the
office’s communications priorities.
Qualified candidates should have professional experience in communications or
journalism and Capitol Hill experience. Ideal candidates will be competent
writers, detail-oriented, self-sufficient, collaborative, and able to produce highquality work under tight deadlines and while multitasking. Familiarity with
graphic design and video production software (e.g. Canva, Adobe Suite), Cision,
and TV Eyes is preferred but not required.
Job responsibilities include:
•Compiling daily clips and monitoring breaking news across media
•Drafting messaging materials, such as: social content, talking points, and press
releases
•Managing press lists
•Conducting research
•Assisting the press office with logistical and administrative support, such as
coordinating events
•Generating and implementing new ideas to advance our message
•Other duties as assigned
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
Page 5 of 15

status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please email oversightpress@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Last Name.First Name—COA Press Assistant.” Please submit the following
materials attached in one pdf: cover letter, résumé, and short writing sample.
MEM-611-23

Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Communications
Director to lead and execute an aggressive and innovative communications
strategy for a battleground district. In close collaboration with the Member, Chief
of Staff, and legislative and district teams, the Communications Director will
oversee the Member’s communications agenda and manage a fast-paced
communications team in the district and D.C. This position reports to the Chief of
Staff and is not an entry level position.
Responsibilities include maintaining relationships with both national and local
reporters, organizing and replying to inquiries, and proactively pitching stories;
drafting and editing press releases; developing media strategies to roll out
legislative wins; spearheading communications components of district outreach
and events; running an aggressive and responsive social media program; writing
op-eds, talking points, newsletters, mailers, letters, and speeches; managing and
coaching the communications team; and working collaboratively with District
Office and legislative staff to amplify the office’s work. The Communications
Director will also oversee franked communications and a robust 499 program.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of political communications
experience, a strong history of drafting all forms of communications materials,
sharp attention to detail, experience managing a team, and a track record of
successfully pitching national and local media outlets. Prior experience managing
franked communications is a plus. Experience in digital media, including social
media and graphic/video design is a plus. The ideal candidate is collaborative,
creative, energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically astute, and
willing to work long hours in a fast-paced and demanding setting. Nevada ties are
a plus. Prior Hill experience is preferred.
Applications will be reviewed as they are received, and interviews could begin
very soon, with an eye to quickly filling this position. Interested candidates are
encouraged to apply as soon as they can.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF a resume, cover letter, writing sample of 1,000
words or fewer, and three references (including name, current title and
Page 6 of 15

organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to nv03resumes@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Communications Director.”
MEM-589-23

Deputy Communications Director/Press Secretary
Southwestern Democrat is seeking a dependable and highly motivated bilingual
(English/Spanish) communicator with strong writing skills and the ability to
establish a strong rapport with the press.
Qualified candidates will be responsible for ensuring the objectives and
achievements of the Member are communicated effectively in Spanish-language
mediums utilizing print, digital, and social media. This position will work closely
with the Communications Director.
Responsibilities include: Serving as the on-the-record contact for Spanishlanguage media, drafting press releases for distribution; writing talking
points/speeches/scripts; creating social media content; staffing at media events,
and assisting with other duties as assigned.
Occasional weekend work is required. Candidates must have outstanding writing
and communication skills and be willing to collaborate with various departments
to accomplish objectives while juggling multiple deadlines and projects.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (no more
than 1 page), and 2 references to SWDemResumes@mail.house.gov indicating
job posting in subject line.

MEM-588-23

TITLE: Legislative Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Majority Staff
REPORTS TO: Majority Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance
and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides legislative support to Subcommittee staff and assists with duties as
assigned.
DUTIES:
• Drafting and maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities reports, and relevant
publications;
• Analyzing proposed legislation and assisting with the drafting of legislation
within the Majority agenda;
•Assisting with full Committee hearings and Subcommittee hearings on matters
within Subcommittee jurisdiction, including assisting Subcommittee staff in
organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to include determination of
Majority agenda, briefing of Members, drafting memoranda and remarks for
Chairman, and development of questions;
Page 7 of 15

•Coordinating with Member staff during full Committee hearings and
Subcommittee hearings on matters within Subcommittee jurisdiction;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy;
• Requesting information from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) on
matters within the Subcommittee jurisdiction;
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
•Reviewing the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and
other publications for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Preparation of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee
Chairman on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
• Developing recommendations on VA policy and serving as a resource for
Members both on and off Committee;
• Conducting VA oversight visits; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staff
Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee staff, as needed.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
• At least one (1) year of full-time experience as a staffer working for Congress.
Experience working as staffer for a committee is a plus.
REQUIRED SKILLS:
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Attention to detail.
BENEFITS : Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan •Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits

Page 8 of 15

Other Information: Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is atwill. The U.S. House Page 23 of 24 of Representatives is an equal opportunity
employer. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national
origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), disability, or age.
Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the interview and
hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply: Qualified candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and
three (3) writing samples to the following e-mail
address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “DAMA Republican Legislative
Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-585-23

Congressman-elect Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks a Scheduler to join his office in
Washington, D.C. Candidates must have exceptional organizational and
communications skills, be detail oriented, proactive, and able to work in a fastpaced, collaborative environment.
Candidates are expected to keep the Congressman’s schedule updated, respond to
and process invitations for meetings and events in a timely manner, and manage
the Congressman’s travel plans and logistics. The Scheduler will work closely
with the Chief of Staff and District Director and may have other duties as
assigned.
Capitol Hill or other relevant administrative, operations, or scheduling experience
is strongly preferred. This is not an entry-level position. Rhode Island ties are a
plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, a cover letter, and three references
(including name, current title and organization, phone number, email, and
relationship to the reference) to RI01AmoJobs@gmail.com, with the following
subject line: “Full Name – Scheduler.”

MEM-546-23

Member Services Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Member Services Director who
is exceptionally motivated, dynamic, strategic, and detail-oriented to engage with
CBC Member offices and outside partners to advance a robust member services
portfolio.
The Member Services Director will be expected to proactively build strong
relationships across CBC Member offices and develop strategic opportunities for
Member engagement advancing shared priorities. The individual will also be
Page 9 of 15

expected to coordinate with CBC staff to field and respond to inquiries and
requests for support from Member offices and respond to and share external
opportunities for Member engagement as they arise.
The Member Services Director is also responsible for assisting in overseeing all
aspects of caucus operations, logistics, designated administrative responsibilities
and to support caucus leadership.
The Member Services Director responsibilities will include:
•Conducting regular outreach to Member offices to build relationships with staff,
share opportunities for Member or staff participation in events, messaging, and
other efforts, and identify new ideas for collaboration with Member offices
•Sharing resources with Member offices and working with CBC, congressional,
and external staff to develop high-quality materials for Member office use
•Drafting regular newsletters for Member offices with relevant updates and
opportunities, as well as for external audiences to uplift Member engagement on
CBC issues
•Developing a network of external partners working on issues relevant to the
CBC and Member offices
•Maintaining staff contact information and distribution lists
•Provides orientation and training for new staff;
•Assists departing employees with necessary administrative procedures (i.e.,
returning keys, House I.D. cards, and other office property; obtaining forwarding
addresses, work files, and records);
•Supervises the mail operations and the administrative files and personnel
records;
•Assists staff in scheduling House or Capitol rooms for outside group functions;
•Organize and facilitate meetings and other strategic convenings to support
institutional
•change, policies, and programmatic work;
•Oversees operations for CBC including organizing weekly meetings and events
•Provides logistical support for all programming
•Works with the CBC personal office staffs and coordinates with the CBC
Schedulers to implement the Caucus’ priorities
•Builds and maintains databases of internal and external stakeholders
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player.
Candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of House and Senate
legislative processes.
Page 10 of 15

To apply, please send a cover letter, resume to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov.
No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-508-23

Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) seeks an exceptional, experienced
Press Secretary/Digital Director (PS/DD) to join a dynamic, fast paced team,
working out of the Washington, DC office.
Working with the Communications Director, located in the District, the PS/DD
will develop, coordinate, and implement digital and traditional media and
communication strategies that highlight the Member’s work and advance her
robust online/digital presence. Other primary responsibilities include but are not
limited to developing, editing, and producing graphics, videography, and other
creative tools to enhance messaging; fielding press requests from local and
national media; producing the Member’s newsletters; drafting releases and
advisories, speeches , and talking points.
The successful candidate will have a creative and strategic approach to visual and
graphic design, excellent oral and written communications skills, an ability to
handle multiple assignments on tight deadlines, a desire to hone the Member’s
voice, a strong collaborative approach to cross functional teaming, and a good
sense of humor. They will also have a working knowledge of the legislative
process, procedures, and organization of the House, with a proven ability to build
strong, collaborative relationships while working in a crisis-oriented environment
and handling stress appropriately. Ohio ties are a plus, but not required, but
proven effective digital and videography experience is required.
This is not an entry level position. The ideal candidate will have at least three
years of Hill and/or other communications experience in a policy or constituent
services environment with an emphasis on professional digital media,
videography, and general communications proficiency beyond the intern level.
The salary is flexible and dependent upon proven experience and expertise.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing and one creative
samples to Ohio11Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press
Secretary – Last Name, First Initial.” No drop-ins, direct emails to staff or phone
calls, please. The position is open until filled, but applications will be screened as
they are received.

MEM-468-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks one attorney with 5-10 years of experience to serve as Investigative
Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
Page 11 of 15

violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.
The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE
•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
•Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
Page 12 of 15

•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
Page 13 of 15

staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.
MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
Page 14 of 15

legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy
Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.
Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and
possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.

Page 15 of 15

