House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 25, 2018

MEM-177-18

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Government
Reform seeks an active and reliable Digital Press Secretary.
•

•

•

Responsibilities include managing the website, crafting content for
social media channels, developing graphics and videos, covering
hearings and press events, and working with our press team to identify
new ways to engage our followers.
Successful candidates will have at least 1 to 2 years of
communications and digital experience. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Ideal candidates will be proficient in Adobe programs (Photoshop,
Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro, Audition, and After Effects),
CMS, CSS, HTML, manual photography, analytics, and enjoy working
in a fast-paced, rapid response environment.

Page 1 of 4

•

MEM-174-18

Candidates should submit a resume and portfolio with the subject line
“Digital Press Secretary” to Oversightpress@mail.house.gov. Please,
no phone calls or drop-ins.

West Coast Democrat seeks an innovative and self-directed Press Aide/Press
Secretary to work in his Washington, DC office.
Duties of the position include but are not limited to:
• Coordinating and managing all district and national communications
operations.
• Developing and executing a proactive press strategy.
• Drafting written materials including press releases, op-eds, and talking
points.
• Planning and coordinating press conferences and other media events.
• Pitching and booking interviews with local and national media outlets.
Oversee all social media platforms and website content.
• Build and maintain excellent relationships with members of the
district and national and media and act as a spokesperson for the
Member.
Qualifications and Skills for the position:
• Exceptional oral and written communication skills, as well as
excellent interpersonal skills.
• Excellent writing skills with a strong attention to detail.
• The ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
• Applicants should have superior organizational abilities.
• A successful candidate will be discreet, goal oriented, and driven.
• A sense of humor and the ability to work well as an individual and as
a member of a team.
• Spanish fluency is required.
If interested, please email a resume, cover letter, references, and salary history
to CAJobs@mail.house.gov with “Press Aide/Press Secretary” in the subject
line. Relevant press experience is required. Salary will be commensurate with
experience.

MEM-173-18

CASEWORKER POSITION in DISTRICT OFFICE IN FLORIDA
SUMMARY:
The Caseworker acts as a liaison to federal agencies for constituents
and answers casework correspondence and verbal communications
with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•

Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area
of responsibility including answering casework correspondence,
Page 2 of 4

meeting with constituents, verbal communications with constituents,
and serving as a liaison with federal agencies;
•

Handles casework assignments at the direction of the Director of
Casework;

•

Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and
makes recommendations to the Director of Casework, District
Director.

•

Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents
to ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;

•

Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to said cases;

•

Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;

•

Maintains a good working relationship with the congressional staff,
and constituents;

•

Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;

•

Works well under pressure and handles stress;

•

Performs other duties as assigned.

EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least 2 years of experience; strong academic credentials.
Alternatively, 2 years of related experience or training in
customer/constituent relations or equivalent experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
o Bilingual speaking preferred but not required.
o Strong oral and written communication skills;
o Thorough knowledge of federal agencies and departments;
o Professional telephone manner;
o Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a
tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
o Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
o Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
o Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
o Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment
of casework responsibilities;
o Knowledge of office policies, practices, and confidentiality procedures
o Knowledge of office computer applications; and
o Proficiency in word processing.
Page 3 of 4

Applicants should send resume and cover letter to
fl.conservativerep@gmail.com.
MEM-169-18

Senior Democratic Member seeks Policy Advisor to serve in personal office
and on Committee staff. Position will develop and implement legislative
initiatives, conduct oversight and investigations, write floor speeches and
committee statements, and handle meetings with constituents and interest
groups on behalf of Member. Portfolio will cover housing/foreclosure,
financial services, banking, economic development, consumer protection, and
other issues and special projects as necessary. Extensive background in
housing and financial policy issues, exceptional writing ability, and an
advanced degree (JD, MPA etc.) required; Hill experience strongly
preferred. To apply, please email a cover letter and resume with the words
“Policy Advisor” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.

MEM-162-18

The U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission is seeking a
Policy Analyst on the Economics and Trade Team. The individual will be
part of a group of analysts responsible for monitoring developments in
economics and trade pertaining to China, Taiwan, and the Asia-Pacific region,
as well as writing research papers and portions of the Commission’s Annual
Report to Congress. Further responsibilities, qualification requirements, and
information on how to apply can be found here. All application materials are
due July 6, 2018 at 5:00 pm.

MEM-156-18

Southern Democrat seeks a Press Secretary to lead an active
communications operation in the Washington, D.C. office. Successful
candidates will have superb written and verbal communication skills, be
comfortable multi-tasking, have excellent attention to detail, and work well
under pressure. Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
drafting press releases, speeches, op-eds, and letters to the editor, managing
relationships with local and national reporters, proactively engaging in media
outreach, curating an active social media presence, managing e-newsletters,
and graphic design. The Press Secretary will work collaboratively with the
legislative and district staffs and closely with the Member. Candidates must
be available nights and weekends as required. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and diverse candidates are strongly encouraged to apply
at nchousejobs@gmail.com. This is not an entry level position.

Page 4 of 4

