House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 11, 2018

MEM-330-18

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Government
Reform—Counsel (District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Ranking Member
Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic
staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of
investigative or litigation experience. Responsibilities include depositions,
transcribed interviews, briefings, and congressional hearings. Candidates
with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Please send a resume and cover letter to
oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject line.

Page 1 of 6

MEM-328-18

District Director: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active
and visible constituent services staff.
The District Director must have the ability to provide the necessary
organization, leadership and motivation to manage and direct a very busy
constituent services office. The District Director plans, assigns and evaluates
the work of a team of 6 constituent services representatives, while managing a
portfolio of diverse city-wide and neighborhood events that relate to the
Congresswoman’s congressional and constituent responsibilities, including
staying on top of everyday events in the Member’s district.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks. The ideal candidate will
have a bachelor’s degree, excellent writing and communication skills,
experience interacting with the public, leadership qualities and managerial
experience. Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or
willing to move immediately to DC if hired.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter and references to:
dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level

MEM-319-18

Rep. Tom McClintock is seeking a Legislative Assistant. Applicants must
have a minimum of 2 years of experience working for Congress, and should
be committed to the principles of constitutionally limited government and the
free market. Compensation will be commensurate with experience. Please
send resumes to CA04.Jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-297-18

Maryland Democratic Congressman looking for Constituent Engagement
Officer (CEO) to serve as the grassroots extension of the member in his
district located in the DC suburbs. They are his “eye and ears” for issues on
the ground. They are a consistent presence at events in the district, develops
and maintains relationships with local government officials and community
leaders. They always reflect well on the member with their responsiveness,
professionalism and courteousness. CEOs also provide excellent constituent
service through the management of casework in assigned issue areas and
work with federal and local agencies to ensure constituents receive a response
to their inquiry. They may also be assigned to short-term or special projects,
including planning events, authoring correspondence and other related duties.
CEOs are hard-working and dedicated team players, committed to the goals of
the office and to improving the lives of the residents of the district.
*CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:*

Page 2 of 6

•

•
•

To serve as a local representative for the member in defined
geographic areas, which are subject to change based on the needs of
the office;
To manage casework within an assigned portfolio;
To monitor and update the Member and District Director on district
and local issues;

Interested candidates should submit their resume as soon as possible to
md.jobposting@mail.house.gov. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-296-18

Southern Republican seeks Staff Assistant/Press Assistant: The position will
be responsible for greeting visitors, answering the telephone, responding to
constituent requests for information, planning and giving tours of the Capitol,
maintaining the front office, and assisting with various administrative duties.
Additionally, the individual will assist the Communications Director with
various press tasks, including writing, social media, press clips, and more.
Alabama ties are strongly preferred. Interested applicants should send resume
to gopjob1824@gmail.com.

MEM-288-18

The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking to immediately fill a
full-time job opening for an entry-level Staff Assistant based in her District
Office- Norwalk, CA
Position Description
The Staff Assistant position is primarily charged with (but not limited to)
answering phones, greeting constituents and visitors, sorting incoming mail,
writing correspondence, managing interns, and assisting the District Office
staff with additional tasks. Successful candidates will possess strong
communication skills, the ability to multitask, attention to detail, political
instinct, the ability to prioritize in a fast-paced environment, work
cooperatively and courteously with others and temperament to communicate
with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
Caseworker: Casework responsibilities involve assisting constituents of the
38th Congressional District resolve problems with federal agencies or find the
appropriate state or local contact for non-federal issues. The candidate should
be persistent and detail-orientated, and put a priority on facilitating
resolutions and expediting priority requests. Knowledge of California state
and federal government agencies and experience in customer service will be
highly regarded.
Minimum Qualifications
• Office/administrative experience
• Strong organizations skills; attention to detail.

Page 3 of 6

•
•

•
•

•
•
•

Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with
Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
Strong communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability to
relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable
customer service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government
agencies and structure (county, state, and federal).
Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a
team, be able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects
simultaneously, and work under pressure.
Candidates should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to
excellence, upbeat demeanor, flexibility, and sense of humor.
Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college
or university with a bachelor’s degree.
Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.

To Apply
Interested applicants should submit their resume and cover letter via email to:
CA38Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in the title of the position in the
subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins accepted.

MEM-285-18

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Senior LA for Washington office. Not an
entry level job. Law degree a plus. Email cover letter, resume, and three
references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins please).

MEM-284-18

Senior Democratic Congressman who serves as Ranking Member on a full
committee seeks an experienced, energetic and creative Press Secretary to
work in a fast-paced press operation. The ideal candidate should be
entrepreneurial and aggressive in generating ideas that yield media coverage,
promoting the Member’s agenda through traditional and social media, and
raising the Member’s national profile. The Press Secretary will be
responsible for all facets of daily press operation including: media strategy
development and implementation; serving as primary spokesperson for
national and local media; coordinating press conferences; pitching story ideas;
managing coverage of legislative action and events; and drafting statements,
releases, speeches, opinion editorials and responses to articles. This is not an
entry-level position. The candidate must have previous Capitol Hill
experience, extensive media contacts and background working with both print
and electronic media. Excellent oral and written communications skills and
the ability to work in a high pressure, team-oriented environment while
juggling multiple tasks are required. On-the-record experience preferred. To

Page 4 of 6

apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Press
Secretary” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.

MEM-282-18

Democratic Member of Congress seeks Legislative Director. Ideal candidate
will have significant Appropriations and Capitol Hill experience. Looking for
a team player to add to an already dynamic and fast paced
environment. Additional knowledge on Homeland and DOD issues are a
bonus but not required. This office considers all applicants without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. To
apply please send resume, cover letter and 3 references to
texasdem18@gmail.com.

MEM-281-18

The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks an
enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized Staff Assistant for fast-paced
committee office. Responsibilities include front office reception; preparation
for committee hearings, markups, meetings and events; training and
supervising interns; maintaining files, office supplies and equipment; assisting
staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and other
duties as assigned. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and
oral communication skills, attention to detail, professionalism, and strong
organizational skills. Hill experience preferred. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or gender
identity. The office encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please submit a cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to
ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-270-18

Rep. Tom McClintock is seeking a Legislative Correspondent in his DC
office to manage all aspects of constituent correspondence and handle a small
legislative portfolio. Ideal candidates will have knowledge of the legislative
process, excellent writing and organizational skills, strong attention to detail,
and familiarity with Intranet Quorum (IQ). Duties include, but are not limited
to, processing incoming correspondence through Intranet Quorum (IQ),
drafting timely responses, reviewing and writing legislation, and meeting with
constituents on policy matters. Please email resumé and cover letter to
ca04resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-264-18

Senior Democratic Member seeks Policy Advisor to serve in personal office
and on Committee staff. Position will develop and implement legislative
initiatives, conduct oversight and investigations, write floor speeches and
committee statements, and handle meetings with constituents and interest
groups on behalf of Member. Portfolio will likely include health, social
security, labor and workforce, energy and the environment, and agriculture
and nutrition. An advanced degree and exceptional writing ability required.
Hill experience strongly preferred. To apply, please email a cover letter and
Page 5 of 6

resume with the words “Policy Advisor” in the subject line to
job_09@live.com.
MEM-263-18

Senior Democratic Congressman who serves as Ranking Member on a full
committee seeks an experienced, energetic and creative Press Secretary to
work in a fast-paced press operation. The ideal candidate should be
entrepreneurial and aggressive in generating ideas that yield media coverage,
promoting the Member’s agenda through traditional and social media, and
raising the Member’s national profile. The Press Secretary will be
responsible for all facets of daily press operation including: media strategy
development and implementation; serving as primary spokesperson for
national and local media; coordinating press conferences; pitching story ideas;
managing coverage of legislative action and events; and drafting statements,
releases, speeches, opinion editorials and responses to articles. This is not an
entry-level position. The candidate must have previous Capitol Hill
experience, extensive media contacts and background working with both print
and electronic media. Excellent oral and written communications skills and
the ability to work in a high pressure, team-oriented environment while
juggling multiple tasks are required. On-the-record experience preferred.
To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Press
Secretary” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.

MEM-250-18

Military Legislative Assistant – GOP Congressman Office
Congressional staff experience required for candidates to be considered for
this job opening.
The duties of this position would include directly staffing the Congressman
on the Appropriations Committee for defense, veterans, and foreign affairs
policy issues. Several other policy areas would be included in legislative
portfolio for this position.
Please send your resume to GOPCongressionalJob@gmail.com.

Page 6 of 6

