House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 15, 2015
MEM-146-15

The District Office Field Representative/Caseworker monitors and updates
the Congressman and District Director on district and local issues. This
position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for the
Congressman and constituents and answers casework correspondence and
verbal communications with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a
liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
Informs the Congressman and the District Director of all happenings in his or
her assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting
with constituents;
Handles casework assignments;
Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or
groups to form effective relationships for the Congressman;
Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
Page 1 of 8

recommendations to the District Director and Scheduler;
Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Congressman with constituents;
Works well under pressure and handles stress;
Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
Full-time experience preferred; strong academic credentials required;
extensive community relationships desired.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
Strong oral and written communication skills;
Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman
is involved;
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
Knowledge of office policies, practices, procedures, and computer
applications.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
Work is mainly performed in an office environment, but the Field
Representative will often need to attend and participate in meetings and
public functions out of the office including evenings and weekend events.
Noise levels are usually moderate; and
Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
E-mail a resume and cover letter to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “CA02 Field Representative/Caseworker.”
MEM-145-15

The Committee on Ethics seeks an experienced attorney for an Investigative
Counsel position. The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for
conducting investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings
regarding Members and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a
nonpartisan position which requires the ability to conduct impartial
investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise
before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is
desirable: government ethics, criminal law, civil litigation, administrative
investigations and adjudications, depositions, and financial accounting.
Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and
short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase
Page 2 of 8

“Investigative Counsel” in the subject line.
MEM-143-15

Senior California Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior
Legislative Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the
Financial Services Committee. Candidates should have substantial
experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional
experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral
communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced
environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply, please e-mail
a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
HouseFinancialServicesLA@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-141-15

Republican Member seeks a Legislative Assistant with strong Tennessee ties.
Legislative duties will include briefing the Member on floor votes and other
pending legislation. Preference will be given to those with expertise on issues
involving healthcare, education and veterans’ affairs. Successful candidates
must demonstrate exceptional writing ability, attention to detail, and
organizational skills. Hill experience and familiarity with IQ are a plus.
Send resume and cover letter to TNHousejob@gmail.com.

MEM-140-15

The Office of Congressman Juan Vargas is seeking a high energy, highlyorganized, and detail oriented Field Representative/Caseworker for his
District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Serve as an official representative for the Member throughout communities
in the District.
• Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships
for the Member.
• Monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
issues of importance.
• Staff and provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and
events for the Member.
• Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director and Chief
of Staff.
• Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
• Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• A candidate with a background in and/or understanding of military/veteran
issues.
• Veterans, reservists, women, and minorities are strongly encouraged to
Page 3 of 8

apply.
• Ability to work non-traditional hours, including nights and weekends, if
needed.
• Excellent written (English and Spanish) and interpersonal communication
skills.
• Ability to work with staff at all levels, work well under pressure and be
detail oriented.
• Possess an understanding of the federal legislative process.
• Ability to quickly learn about key issues and events in the district for which
the Member is involved.
• A qualified applicant must be a U.S. Citizen, possess a valid California
driver’s license with the ability to travel as needed.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to CAJobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-138-15

Midwestern Democrat seeks a Legislative Director to coordinate, manage
and implement an active Member’s legislative agenda, oversee and direct an
engaged legislative staff, as well as handle a portfolio of legislative issues
including transportation. Candidates should possess an in-depth
understanding of the legislative process, be able to move several legislative
pieces forward at the same time, have management experience, be proactive
and a self-starter who thinks creatively and thrives in a fast-paced
environment and display good judgment. Excellent writing, verbal, and
organizational skills are essential, as is the ability to work well under
pressure. A proven track record of successful legislative achievements with a
minimum of three years’ previous Legislative Assistant experience required.
To apply, please email resume and cover letter by c.o.b. June 19th describing
your role in two to three legislative achievements to: hire@mail.house.gov.

MEM-136-15

The House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs Chairman Jeff Miller seeks a
Research Assistant to provide administrative support to the Subcommittee on
Health. Core responsibilities include answering phones; reviewing and
preparing correspondence; maintaining Subcommittee files; assisting with
scheduling, planning, and preparing for Subcommittee hearings, markups,
roundtables, and other events; tracking pending legislation; and, providing
research support on a wide variety of veteran, health, and other policy issues.
Prior Hill experience is encouraged but not required and veterans are
particularly encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should email a resume
and writing sample to var.resumes@mail.house.gov with a subject line:
“Health Research Assistant.” No phone or office calls, please.

MEM-135-15

The office of Congresswoman Tammy Duckworth seeks a Legislative
Director. Responsibilities will include overseeing and implementing the
Congresswoman’s policy agenda; developing and advancing policy proposals;
managing legislative staff; representing the Congresswoman in meetings and
communication with various external stakeholders; coordinating with the press
team and District Office on messaging and events; and coordinating Floor and
Page 4 of 8

Committee activity. The ideal candidate will have demonstrated success in
advancing policy goals and at least 3 years of experience as a Legislative
Assistant or Legislative Director, including handling some Committee work.
A thorough understanding of House floor and committee procedure is
required. Strong oral and written communications skills, good judgement and
the ability to be proactive, resourceful, and thrive in a fast-paced environment
are essential. Veterans, minorities, women, and those with Illinois ties are
encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume,
and writing sample to IllinoisHouseDemLD@gmail.com. No phone calls or
drop-ins please.
MEM-133-15

New England Democrat seeks a Legislative Director to coordinate and
manage the Member’s legislative agenda, as well as oversee an active and
engaged legislative staff. Candidates should possess an in-depth
understanding of the legislative process, have management experience, be a
self-starter willing to think and act creatively, and thrive in a team-oriented
environment. Excellent writing, verbal, and organizational skills are essential,
as is the ability to work well under pressure. Previous Hill experience
required, and New England ties are a plus. To apply, please email resume,
cover letter, and two brief writing samples to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-132-15

House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs Chairman Jeff Miller seeks a seasoned
communications professional to oversee the implementation of the
committee’s communications strategy. This is a senior staff position reporting
directly to the Staff Director. Successful candidates will have a record of
accomplishment with internal and external communications, press relations
and social media. Prior Capitol Hill experience is a plus. Qualified candidates
should email a resume and three writing samples to
var.resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: Communications Director.
No phone or office calls, please.

MEM-130-15

Northern California Democrat seeks a hard-working Press Secretary to help
drive a dynamic, entrepreneurial communications operation. Responsibilities
will include writing and editing press releases, op-eds, talking points, enewsletters, and franked communications; developing content for and
managing website and social media; coordinating telephone town halls;
directing interns on communications projects; and pitching stories to the
press. Candidates must be able to develop a fine-tuned sensitivity to the
priorities and views of the district and find ways to advance the Member’s
short-term and long-term legislative goals.
Potential candidates must have excellent writing skills and demonstrated
abilities in digital media and communication. We’re looking for a problem
solver who can work quickly and calmly under pressure, with significant
political experience and at least an above-average sense of humor. California
ties, Spanish fluency, and familiarity with water, agriculture, military, and
Page 5 of 8

transportation policy will each be considered a plus. Please send cover letter,
resume and a writing sample to CaliforniaCongressionalStaff@gmail.com.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-125-15

Democratic member is seeking a staff assistant to manage the front office,
supervise interns, assist with legislative tasks, and greet visitors. Qualified
candidates will have excellent attention to detail, possess strong writing skills,
excel at balancing competing demands, be able to anticipate and quickly solve
problems in a fast-paced work environment, and be comfortable and
welcoming with a wide variety of stakeholders. The ideal candidate will have a
car and clean driving record, Capitol Hill experience, and a basic familiarity
with the legislative process. Depending on previous work history, the
opportunity for additional legislative responsibilities exists. Those with
Northern California ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested applicants
should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to
jo.th@mail.house.gov. Please no calls or drop-ins.

MEM-124-15

Florida Democrat (Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz) seeks a high energy,
highly organized, and detail oriented District Outreach Coordinator to work
in the District Office. Excellent written and oral communication skills and the
desire to work collaboratively with a team in a fast-paced environment are
required.
Ideal candidate would be politically astute and possess the ability to respond to
challenging situations quickly and strategically. This position requires nontraditional hours and travel around the District.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• attend local meetings on behalf of the Congresswoman in the district;
• organize district events and meetings with key constituency groups;
• monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
issues;
• answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents; and
• handle all White House and Capitol tour requests.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• strong academic credentials;
• strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills and oral communication
skills;
• knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
• availability to work long hours;
Page 6 of 8

• ability to work well under pressure; and
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
DUTIES:
• acts as the grass roots representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility;
• including answering casework correspondence, verbal communications with
constituents, and acting as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
• informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
• handles all constituent tour requests for the White House and Capitol tours;
• acts as liaison and interfaces with city, county, district, and federal officials,
the chamber of commerce and other persons or groups to form effective
relationships for the Member;
• assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Chief of Staff/Administrative
Assistant;
• screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
• trains and supervises Staff Assistants, including Interns, to handle Office
matters such as logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling
visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
• logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating
to casework; and
• prepares monthly reports for the District Director on pending cases and
district activities in his or her assigned issue areas
• performs other duties as assigned.
TO APPLY PLEASE SEND A COVER LETTER AND RESUME TO:
FL23resume@mail.house.gov
MEM-123-15

MEM-117-15

Ranking Member seeks a Press Secretary or Communications Director to
manage committee, legislative and local press priorities. The applicant must be
a hard worker who possesses excellent written, verbal and interpersonal skills.
The ideal candidate has Hill and political experience. Qualified applicants
should send a cover letter and resume to employ@mail.house.gov.
West Coast Democrat seeks an innovative and self-directed Press Aide/Press
Secretary to work in his Washington, DC office.
Duties of the position include but are not limited to:
• Coordinating and managing all district and national communications
operations.
• Developing and executing a proactive press strategy.
• Drafting written materials including press releases, op-eds, and talking
points.
Page 7 of 8

• Planning and coordinating press conferences and other media events.
• Pitching and booking interviews with local and national media outlets.
• Overseeing all social media platforms and website content.
• Building and maintaining excellent relationships with members of the district
and national media and acting as a spokesperson for the Member.
Qualifications and Skills for the position:
• Exceptional oral and written communication skills, as well as excellent
interpersonal skills.
• Excellent writing skills with a strong attention to detail.
• The ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
• Applicants should have superior organizational abilities.
• A successful candidate will be discreet, goal oriented, and driven.
• Applicants should have prior relevant press experience and demonstrated
social media expertise.
• A sense of humor and the ability to work well as an individual and as a
member of a team.
• Spanish fluency is required.
• An ideal candidate will have an undergraduate or graduate degree in
communications or journalism and/or relevant professional experience.
If interested, please email a resume, cover letter, references, and salary history
to CAJobs@mail.house.gov with “Press Aide/Press Secretary” in the subject
line. Salary will be commensurate with experience. This is not an entry level
position.

Page 8 of 8

