________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 7, 2021

MEM-352-21

DISTRICT STAFF ASSISTANT: The Office of Representative Spanberger
seeks a Staff Assistant in the Glen Allen, VA office. Responsibilities include
managing the front office, answering phones, processing and logging constituent
mail, greeting visitors, monitoring office deliveries, scheduling assistance,
responding to inquiries, assisting with constituent casework, and other duties as
assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills. Additionally,
successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven personality,
demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and show keen
attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a resume, writing sample, and cover letter (3 pages or less)
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis until September 17.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information, disability,
or uniformed service.

Page 1 of 12

MEM-351-21

Congresswoman Norma J. Torres (CA-35) seeks a motivated, energetic,
community-oriented individual for the position of Field Representative.
The position will be based in the Ontario, CA District Office. The Field
Representative will act as a liaison between constituent groups, local businesses,
local and state governments, and Congresswoman Torres, in addition to initiating
community outreach projects.
The position will also respond to in-person, written, and telephone inquiries from
constituents, represent the Congresswoman at public events in the district, make
legislative presentations, develop community outreach projects, and perform
other duties as assigned. Knowledge of the cities, communities, and issues of
regional concern required. Spanish language fluency a plus.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume
to CA35.OfficeStaff@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin,
uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

MEM-350-21

Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks a Legislative Assistant in
her Washington, DC office.
The Legislative Assistant will lead the Member’s work on the House
Appropriations Commerce-Justice-Science subcommittee, covering a portfolio
that includes commerce, justice, science, and other issue areas as assigned.
Responsibilities include drafting and monitoring legislation, preparing materials
for committee hearings and markups, representing the Member in meetings,
working with constituent and stakeholder organizations, and performing other
tasks as assigned.
Ideal candidates will have a strong understanding of the legislative process,
excellent writing and verbal skills, and will have a demonstrated record of time
management. Candidates with previous experience handling Appropriations or
with Michigan ties are strongly encouraged to apply. This is not an entry-level
position.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, sex, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

Page 2 of 12

Candidates should email their resume, cover letter, and a writing sample (no
longer than 3 pages) to mi14district@gmail.com with Legislative Assistant in the
subject line by Tuesday, September 7th.
MEM-349-21

Rep. Grace F. Napolitano’s office seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent in our Washington, DC office.
The position is responsible for staff assistant duties of greeting visitors,
answering phones, providing assistance to constituents, including arranging tours,
taking flag requests, and general assistance to staff. The position also includes
being the Legislative Correspondent and collecting and organizing constituent
mail, drafting response letters, and informing the Congresswoman and staff of the
constituent correspondence.
The position is also responsible for managing and hiring interns. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. California ties
and Spanish-language skills are a plus.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to NapolitanoCP@mail.house.gov.

MEM-348-21

The Office of Congressman Jamaal Bowman (NY-16) is seeking a highly
motivated, full-time District Press Secretary based out of the
Bronx/Westchester office.
ABOUT US
Our team is fortunate to represent and fight for New York's 16th Congressional
District. We are a diverse, dynamic, kind and joyful team that is driven by the
mission of racial and economic justice. We possess a clear understanding that
structural racism and economic inequality exist throughout all institutions and
policies, including but not limited to housing discrimination, environmental
racism, wealth inequality, under resourced schools, mass incarceration and
redlining. We will use all levers to meet people's needs while building a better
future.
THE ROLE
Responsibilities include outreach and relationship building with local media;
strategic communications planning; arranging local media interviews; drafting
talking points and materials such as press releases and media advisories;
preparing franked materials such as email newsletters and mailers; staffing the
member and collecting photo/video at district events; and other responsibilities as
determined by the Communications Director. The ideal candidate is an excellent
writer with good press and political judgment, an attention to detail, and the
ability to work well in a fast-paced environment.
Page 3 of 12

The salary for this position is $55,000. Individuals proficient in Spanish are
preferred, but not required. Prior experience with a congressional office is not
necessary. Familiarity with local media beats, and especially the
Westchester/Bronx region strongly preferred.
Interested candidates should upload a resume, cover letter, and complete the short
writing task at the following link: https://airtable.com/shrgwGpoJo0HHcJkw
Any further questions about the role should be directed
to Bowman.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “District Press Secretary.”
Underrepresented candidates and those with New York City/ Westchester County
ties are encouraged to apply.
Application closes September 18th, 2021.
***ALL APPLICANTS WILL BE CONFIDENTIAL UNTIL FINAL
ROUND***
MEM-342-21

The Office of Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-30) is seeking to fill a job
opening for a caseworker position in the (Sherman Oaks) district office.
Caseworker responsibilities include:
·Interact with constituents via phone, email and in-office meetings;
·Assist senior staff with administrative responsibilities;
·Input, file and review constituent inquiries;
·Contact federal agencies on behalf of constituents
Applicant should be organized, professional, highly motivated and must possess
strong writing, typing and interpersonal skills. Must be able to work in a fastpaced environment and meet deadlines. Proficiency with Microsoft Office and
database software preferred.
Position is entry-level, but past experience in a social work or government field is
preferred. Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college
or university with a bachelor's degree.
Salary commensurate with experience. We offer a generous student loan
reimbursement package.
Please submit cover letter and resume attn: Scott Abrams
to scott.abrams@mail.house.gov
No calls please.

Page 4 of 12

MEM-341-21

Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-CA) seeks a highly organized and dedicated Legislative
Director to manage his legislative team and agenda, specifically his work on the
House Judiciary Committee.
Responsibilities will include but are not limited to ability to manage a team,
developing legislative proposals and strategy; preparing memos, floor statements
and remarks; generating non-legislative initiatives and in-district event ideas to
advance the Congressman’s priorities; and representing him in meetings with
constituents and outside groups.
This is not an entry-level position and previous legislative, Capitol Hill
experience (4+ years) and JD is required. Women, LGBTQ+, and/or other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as
candidates with California ties.
Please submit your resume, cover letter, two references, and one writing
sample CAHouseJob@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Director” in the
subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-337-21

Press Secretary
The office of Congressman Jerrold Nadler (NY-10) seeks a motivated and
hardworking communications professional to join a fast-paced communications
team to help manage communications with both a Washington and a New York
focus.
Responsibilities include drafting communications materials (press releases,
newsletters, op-eds, written remarks, etc.); maintaining active social media
accounts; working closely with both national and local press; updating media
lists; and coordinating with legislative staff, district staff, and the Judiciary
Committee communications team.
Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral communication skills;
the ability to comprehend and summarize complex legislation quickly; a proven
ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks; and sound
political judgment. Candidates should have at least 2 years of relevant experience.
Prior Hill or campaign experience, as well as familiarity with New York City
political dynamics is preferred.
The office of Congressman Nadler strives to ensure that our staff represents the
diversity of the country’s population and strongly encourages women and
Page 5 of 12

members of historically disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The office of
Congressman Nadler does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to Job.Jdem@mail.house.gov.
MEM-336-21

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $38,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-335-21

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for
the Washington office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's
daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the District.
The ideal candidate should be well-organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and
able to work effectively in a fast-paced office. Prior scheduling experience on the
Hill or comparable work environment is preferred.
Responsibilities include tracking, evaluating, and responding to invitations and
scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; assisting with
budgeting; vouchering invoices for payment; and office management.
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter
to schedulerjobdc@yahoo.com

Page 6 of 12

MEM-334-21

Florida Democratic House office seeks a driven and talented individual to serve
as Digital Press Secretary.
The position reports directly to the Communications Director and is responsible
for the day-to-day responsibilities of all aspects of the office’s digital operation,
including social media, email, photography, graphic design, website, video, and
streaming. The Digital Press Secretary will also assist in other areas of the
office’s communications portfolio, including staffing events; drafting memos,
talking points, press releases, and flyers; and other projects.
Position will be based out of member’s Orlando office. Candidates should be
comfortable working individually on projects and with teams in multiple
locations, possess strong writing, graphic design, and organizational skills, and
have a strong attention to detail.
This is not an entry-level position. Ideal candidate will have at least two years
previous experience with digital communications, including familiarity with
graphic design and video editing.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. All candidates are encouraged to
apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples,
and three graphic design or video samples to FL10.resume@mail.house.Gov

MEM-331-21

Senior progressive appropriator and member of House leadership seeks a Staff
Assistant/ Legislative Correspondent to operate and manage the front office
and correspondence program.
Responsibilities include handling all aspects of front office operations including
answering phones, handling tour and flag requests, managing the constituent mail
program by sorting and batching incoming correspondence, drafting and editing
letters, and ensuring approval from the LD. The Staff Assistant/ LC is also
responsible for coordinating technology and systems with technology support
team and managing the intern program.
The successful candidate is extremely well organized, an excellent writer and
editor, and a self-starter, who pays attention to detail. Spanish language skills
and/ or CA ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 7 of 12

To apply, send a cover letter, resume and short writing sample
to lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant/ LC” in the subject line.
MEM-330-21

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing
financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume of financial
disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress and their staff
through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before
the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics,
ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation,
corporate finance, and securities law. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-325-21

California House Democrat seeks a Legislative Correspondent for the
Washington, D.C. office. The LC will be responsible for managing a robust and
responsive constituent mail program including drafting constituent response
letters, sorting and batching incoming correspondence, ensuring quick response
times, compiling weekly mail reports, and other duties as assigned.
Communications and digital experience are a plus.
Ideal candidates will have Hill experience and possess strong organizational and
time management skills; demonstrate excellent oral and written ability; maintain
a positive demeanor and be a self-starter.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample in a single PDF
document to ca07jobs@gmail.com with “DC Legislative Correspondent” in the
subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls.

Page 8 of 12

MEM-322-21

SENIOR POLICY ADVISOR/ APPROPRIATIONS ASSOCIATE: Rep.
Marcy Kaptur seeks an experienced legislative staffer to handle a portfolio
including energy/environment (both in the personal office and as a liaison to her
appropriations subcommittee staff in her role as Chair), as well as transportation,
infrastructure, and judiciary.
Candidates must be familiar with the energy and environment portfolio, the
appropriations process, advancing legislation, analyzing and briefing on complex
policy issues, and drafting a wide array of written materials (including materials
for Committee and Floor activities). Experience with Great Lakes issues strongly
preferred but not required.
Strong written and verbal communication skills and a demonstrated ability to
work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment are critical. At least five years
of relevant experience is required, and Congressional experience is strongly
preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply. Applicants should email a resume, cover
letter, two writing sample, and references as individual files in PDF format
to Steve.Katich@mail.house.gov with “Senior Policy Advisor” in the subject line.
No phone calls, faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.

MEM-320-21

The Office of Congressman Andy Harris, M.D. (MD-01) is seeking a Legislative
Correspondent to join a fast paced and highly active mail program.
The ideal candidate is highly organized, able to manage multiple tasks at once,
pays strong attention to detail, and is committed to exceptional constituent
service.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Sorting and Batching Constituent Correspondence;
•Tagging and Organizing Constituent Contacts;
•Writing Constituent Correspondence; and
•Contributing to the Drafting of 499s.
This is not an entry level position and at least one year of full-time employment is
required for consideration. Interns need not apply. Previous Capitol Hill
experience and experience using IQ is preferred. Maryland ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer. Please send resume, cover letter and
two writing samples in one PDF document
to MD01jobopenings@mail.house.gov with the subject line: 2021 Legislative
Correspondent. No phone calls please.

Page 9 of 12

MEM-319-21

The Office of Congressman Andy Harris, M.D. (MD-01) has an immediate
opening for an organized, detail-oriented individual to serve in the position of
Staff Assistant in a fast-paced and highly collaborative Capitol Hill office with a
strong commitment to exceptional constituent service.
Responsibilities include staffing and managing the front office, managing mail
intake, answering and managing the phone system, greeting visitors, handling
tour and flag requests, and providing general office support. Candidates should
have excellent oral and written communication skills, great attention to detail,
strong time management skills, and an ability to work under pressure. Maryland
ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer. Please send resume, cover letter,
and writing sample in one PDF document
to: MD01jobopenings@mail.house.gov. Subject line: 2021 Staff Assistant
Opening.
No phone calls please.

MEM-318-21

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai’i - 01) is seeking a legislative staffer for his
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing a diverse and active portfolio of issues.
Responsibilities will include staffing the Congressman, preparing appropriations
requests, monitoring committee and floor activities, advancing legislative
initiatives, drafting constituent correspondence, and representing the office in
meetings. Direct report is to the Chief of Staff although the Congressman is
routinely involved in all aspects of his office operations.
Strong preference given to (1) prior Capitol Hill experience and (2) Hawai‘i
background, and applicants are asked to detail these attributes. The position also
requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work
independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills,
and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “DC Legislative Staffer” in
the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-312-21

Chairwoman of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks
to fill Professional Staff Member position on the Committee.
Duties include oversight of manufacturing and innovation programs within the
Committee’s jurisdiction, outreach to stakeholder groups, researching and

Page 10 of 12

drafting legislation, staffing hearings, and preparing memoranda, statements, and
speeches for Majority Members.
Applicants should have experience in at least one or both of the following subject
matter areas: 1) manufacturing innovation and policy, 2) technology,
manufacturing, and innovation activities carried out by the Department of
Commerce. All applicants should possess strong writing, organizational, and
communication skills; the capacity to articulate technical and policy issues clearly
and concisely; and the ability to meet tight deadlines.
The ideal candidate will have significant Capitol Hill or relevant government or
industry experience. An advanced degree or technical background is a plus, but
not required.
Please send a cover letter and resume to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This not
an entry-level position.
MEM-301-21

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs,
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations seeks a Professional Staff
Member to join a small team. The PSM will report to the Subcommittee Staff
Director.
The position’s responsibilities include conducting oversight and investigations,
tracking legislative and policy developments, conducting site visits, developing
and drafting legislation, and engaging with stakeholders and whistleblowers.
Qualified candidates will have strong research, writing, and communications
skills with a demonstrated ability to work on a team, execute events, and work on
competing projects and priorities. This is not an entry-level position. Hill
experience is strongly preferred.
Exceptional candidates will have strong knowledge and experience in the
legislative process including planning and executing Committee hearings, writing
memoranda and correspondence, and briefing Members of Congress. Knowledge
and experience in Department of Veterans Affairs policies and operations,
congressional oversight of federal programs, investigations of fraud, waste, and
abuse, and working with whistleblowers are a plus. Salary range is 65-85k,
commensurate with experience.
Application: All candidates are required to complete an online application
(https://veterans.house.gov/opportunities) to be considered. Candidates should
upload a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and diversity & inclusion
statement.
The diversity & inclusion statement should be 250 words or less and: 1) Explain
how your past personal and/or professional experiences have contributed to your
Page 11 of 12

growth in understanding diversity, equity, and inclusion, and/or 2) Explain how
you plan to engage in diversity, equity and inclusion matters in this role.
Applications will not be considered complete if there is no diversity & inclusion
statement.
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 12 of 12

