________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 6, 2023

MEM-066-23

House Democratic Leadership Office seeks a Director of Scheduling to join a
three-person team.
Candidates should also be meticulous, well-organized, hard-working, and ready
to operate in a high pressure and fast-paced environment. Highest degree of
professionalism and confidentiality required, as well as the ability to work a
flexible schedule, including long hours and weekends when necessary.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, supporting the Deputy Chief of
Staff for Operations in managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long
term schedules, coordinating travel arrangements, managing scheduling requests,
and managing the three-person team. Candidates should have experience working
directly with high-level principals.
Capitol Hill experience preferred. Salary commensurate with experience. The
Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and as such is committed to building
and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and three references
to Democraticleaderresumes@gmail.com.

Page 1 of 23

MEM-064-23

The For Country Caucus, a bipartisan group of military veterans, seeks a
motivated communications professional to manage media, strategy, and
messaging efforts for the caucus.
As the primary communications staffer for the caucus, the candidate will work
with the Co-Chairs, Vice Chairs, and Executive Director to engage members of
the media, increase caucus visibility, develop digital content, and promote the
caucus to outside stakeholders. The candidate will also support individual
member offices to help develop tailored messaging as it relates to national
security, veterans, and public service issues.
An ideal candidate will possess strong written and oral communications skills;
know how to balance long term communication goals with short term rapid
response efforts; have a firm understanding of the current digital landscape; show
an ability to build and maintain strong relationships with the national press corps;
and be willing to take initiative and learn.
Interested candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples,
and a list of at least two professional references
to forcountrycaucus@mail.house.gov with the subject line “4CC
Communications Applicant” no later than 5:00 PM on Feb, 10.

MEM-063-23

The office of Congressman Dan Goldman, a member of the Select Subcommittee
on the Weaponization of the Federal Government, the Committee on Oversight
and Accountability, and the Committee on Homeland Security seeks a Senior
Counsel.
Investigative experience preferred. Duties will include assisting the member with
investigations, conducting research, monitoring legislation, representing the
member in meetings/briefings, preparing materials for committee hearings,
markups, and events, drafting oversight letters, interfacing with government
agencies, and covering an issue portfolio.
We are proudly an office that is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, military status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Special consideration will be given to candidates with ties to NY-10, who speak a
second language, and those with prior Congressional experience so please include
this information in your cover letter.
To apply please send a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample as one PDF
to ny10goldmanresumes@gmail.com with “Full Name – Counsel” as the subject
line.

Page 2 of 23

MEM-061-23

TITLE: Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs
Professional Staff Member, U.S. House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs,
Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability
Assistance and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Assist the Subcommittee Staff Director in advising the Full Committee
leadership and Subcommittee leadership on legislative initiatives
•Conduct oversight of Subcommittee issue areas, to include Department
implementation of laws, regulations, and programs
•Monitor legislative needs and developments within committees and on the
House floor within specific issue areas of responsibility
•Under the guidance of Subcommittee Staff Director, provide advice on policy
matters within issue areas and help Subcommittee Staff Director develop and
implement strategic and policy goals
•Draft hearing, markup and floor statements for the Full Committee leadership
and Subcommittee leadership
•Assist in determining Full Committee and Subcommittee hearing topics and
prepare for hearings
•Assist in the proposing and drafting of legislation for the Committee
•Meet with congressional staff and internal/external organizations on behalf of
the Committee
•Perform other duties as assigned by Subcommittee Staff Director, Full
Committee Deputy Staff Director, and Full Committee Staff Director
Minimum Qualifications:
•At least three years of congressional or Administration experience resulting in
direct, working knowledge of the Committee/Subcommittee’s substantive
jurisdiction required; five years strongly preferred
•Occasional travel may be required
Required Skills:
•Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills (writing test may be
administered prior to an offer being extended)
•Excellent oral communication skills
•Thorough knowledge of legislative process, and understanding of House Rules
•Demonstrate ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the
formulation and recommendation of policy positions
•Knowledge of current issues and events in which the Full Committee leadership
is involved
•Ability to work long hours, under pressure, and cooperatively and courteously
with others
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
Page 3 of 23

•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, three professional
references, and three writing samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“DAMA Professional Staff Member” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins,
please.
MEM-060-23

Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (OR-6) seeks a District Representative based
in Oregon.
The staff member in this position will maintain, strengthen, and establish
relationships with federal, state and local agencies as well as community
stakeholders, non-profit organizations, local elected officials and constituent
groups on behalf of the Member of Congress.
In addition to community outreach, this position is responsible for managing
projects and assists in the development of the Member’s schedule including
setup, logistical briefings and will staff meetings for small and large-scale events,
prepare background briefings on assigned issues, casework, constituent
correspondence other administrative duties as assigned.
This position will work with CD 6 communities in Washington and Clackamas
County, with an emphasis on issues related to behavioral health, healthcare,
housing and business.
Qualifications include a thorough knowledge of Oregon’s 6th congressional
district, a service- oriented attitude, strong organizational skills, proficiency at
prioritizing and managing multiple projects at one time, a capacity to work both
independently and as part of a team, and strong written and oral communications
Page 4 of 23

skills. Bachelor’s degree preferred and/or 2 to 3 years of experience. Spanishlanguage proficiency is a plus. In-district travel will be expected.
This position will be based out of the Salem, Oregon office to begin and move to
the Washington County office when established. Salary range for this position is
$65,000 to $75,000 plus comprehensive benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified
candidates are encouraged to apply.
The Office will be taking resumes through Friday, February 10th at 5 p.m. and
reviewed on a rolling basis. The announcement may remain open longer should
the position remain unfilled.
Please email your resume and cover letter
to: OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: District Representative –
Washington County. No phone calls or emails, please.
MEM-058-23

Rep. Alma S. Adams PH.D. (NC-12) is seeking a motivated and experienced fulltime Legislative Assistant in the Washington, D.C. office.
The candidate will be responsible for staffing and preparing the Congresswoman
for all work and assignments related to the Agriculture Committee. Qualified
candidates should have knowledge of agriculture policy, the legislative process,
coalition building and be able to maintain relationships with constituent
organizations. The Legislative Assistant will work closely with the Legislative
Director and Chief of Staff to develop and execute a coordinated legislative
strategy for the Member.
The Legislative Assistant will prepare the Member for Committee hearings and
markups and attend meetings with constituents, visitors, and other VIPs. Ties to
North Carolina are a plus. This is not and entry level position and relevant
experience is required, and Hill experience is preferred.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to NC12.Resume@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line
by COB Wednesday, February 15th. The position is full time with federal
benefits, including student loan repayment program (if eligible), transit or parking
benefits, and an annual salary commensurate with experience. Please no walk-ins,
emails, or phone calls.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), national
origin, age, disability, gender identity, or sexual orientation. Our office
encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply.
Page 5 of 23

Job Duties:
•Tracks legislation and coordinates co-sponsorship of bills for the Member
•Briefs the Member on bills before the House, provides advice on Committee
activity, and assists the district office staff with legislative matters that impact the
local community
•Provides input to help the Communications Director to draft speeches, press
releases, op-eds, and Congressional Record statements for the Member
•Represents the Member at meetings with constituents and interest groups
•Provides district office staff with targeted information for community events and
Town Hall meetings
•Other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Experience researching public policy and preparing recommendations for a
Member of Congress or other executives/leaders (e.g., Federal
department/agency, non-profit organization, private sector)
•Strong written and verbal communication skills
•Experience making decisions and advising Capitol Hill staff on important issues
•Comfortable navigating challenging situations and being politically savvy
•Prior experience with forming partnerships and advancing legislative priorities
for a Member of Congress
•Prioritization and time management skills, with the ability to manage multiple
projects at a time
•Knowledge of issues in portfolio
Preferences:
•Ties to North Carolina strongly preferred
•Bachelor’s degree in government, political science, public policy, or related field
•A demonstrated interest in public service
MEM-056-23

SCHEDULER – Congressman Mark Pocan (WI-02), member of the House
Appropriations Committee, is seeking a highly motivated, detail-orientated, and
energetic individual with excellent oral and written communications skills for a
scheduler position in the Washington, DC office.
Daily tasks include managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
DC, state and national schedule; coordinating travel, booking flight reservations,
and managing logistics for events; evaluating and organizing all incoming
meeting and event requests; communicating key information regarding the
Member and the Member’s schedule to staff; overseeing the DC intern program;
and working closely with both DC and District staff to ensure smooth daily office
operations. Candidates must be available to assist the member outside of regular
business hours.

Page 6 of 23

This position requires candidates with proven experience in administrative roles,
knowledge of the Congressional work setting, and comfort working one-on-one
with the Member, Chief of Staff and District Director. Excellent writing, verbal
and strong organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a selfstarter while working in a fast paced environment. A sense of humor is greatly
appreciated. Previous Capitol Hill or scheduling experience is required; this is not
an entry level position and title could also include “Director of Scheduling” if
candidate has previous experience in that area.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing
sample to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Scheduler” in the Subject Line.
Job opening closes at the end of business on Monday, February 13th. No phone
calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity and expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation.
MEM-055-23

Rep. Kevin Mullin (CA-15) seeks a Legislative Director in his Washington,
D.C. Office.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Leads development and implementation of policy and legislative strategy in
close consultation with the Member, Chief of Staff and Deputy Chief of Staff;
•Coordinates closely with the district and communications teams to successfully
message on legislative issues and develop legislation in response to constituent
concerns and priorities;
•Drafts and edits memos, remarks, background briefs, and committee materials
for the Member’s work on the House Natural Resources Committee and House
Science, Space, and Technology Committee;
•Manages and supervises legislative staff;
•Monitors activity on the House Floor and committees and provides vote
recommendations;
•Manages and advances an individual portfolio of legislative issues;
•Oversees the office’s constituent correspondent system in coordination with the
Legislative Correspondent;
•Other special projects and duties as assigned.
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:
•4+ years of policy experience, preferably in Congress;
•Deep understanding of the House floor and committee procedures;
•Experience collaborating and forming partnerships to advance a legislative
agenda;
•Time management skills and the ability to manage complex workflows under a
tight deadline;
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
Page 7 of 23

The annual salary for this position is $90,000. The position offers health
coverage; retirement benefits with an employer match; paid sick, bereavement,
and 20 days vacation leave plus federal holidays; 12 weeks of paid parental leave;
6 weeks of paid FMLA leave; transit or parking benefits; access to life insurance
coverage. Rep. Mullin’s office participates in the student loan repayment
program.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
To apply, please email CA15Employment@gmail.com with “Legislative
Director” in the subject line and the following application materials attached as
one combined PDF: (1) cover letter, (2) resume, and (3) a brief (1 page) unedited
writing sample. No phone calls or drop bys, please.
MEM-052-23

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for an investigative counsel position.
The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members
and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position
which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from
political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas
is desirable: government ethics; campaign finance; criminal law; employment
law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil
litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and
financial accounting. The salary range for this position is $130,441 and $138,856.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel”
in the subject line.

MEM-051-23

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing
financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume of financial
disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress and their staff
through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
Page 8 of 23

This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral
communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the
sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of
the following areas is desirable: government ethics, ethics counseling,
accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation, corporate finance, and
securities law. The salary range for this position is $130,441 and $138,856.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-050-23

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) is seeking a highly
motivated Legislative Assistant to join her team to handle the energy &
environment portfolios.
The candidate will be responsible for staffing and preparing the Congresswoman
for all energy & environment work as part of her House Energy and Commerce
Committee assignment. Qualified candidates should have an excellent knowledge
of energy & environment policy, the legislative process, coalition building, and
have the ability to maintain strategic relationships with constituent organizations.
This position requires the ability to advance the Congresswoman’s legislative
priorities in their issue portfolio and be creative in spotting new legislative
opportunities. Candidates must be self-starters and must be able to meet short
deadlines and juggle many priorities in a fast-paced environment. Ties to
Delaware are a plus.
This is not an entry level position and a minimum of two years of relevant
experience is required and Hill experience is strongly preferred. This is an Equal
Opportunity Employer.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume
to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line by
COB Wednesday, February 8th. No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.

MEM-045-23

The Office of Congresswoman Summer Lee seeks a highly motivated
Digital/Press Associate to support the Communications Director in all aspects of
the office’s fast-paced and dynamic communications operation, including
developing social media strategy and branding, drafting and editing social media
copy, designing digital content for the Congresswoman, and media monitoring.
This role reports to the Communications Director. Progressive values are a must.

Page 9 of 23

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong sense of virality on social media; narrative voice
•Ability to perform rapid response based on breaking news, memes and trends
•Proven track record developing and executing multi-platform communications
and digital campaigns
•Writing, editing, and proofreading - especially social media posts
•Experience creating content using Adobe Suite (Illustrator, Photoshop and
Premiere or Premiere Rush) – or equivalent tools
•Strong organizational skills, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once;
•Knowledge of news cycle and current issues and events in which the
Congresswoman is involved;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Support implementation of digital communications and public relations
strategies for the Congresswoman;
•Compile daily press clips and stay informed about current events in the district
and across the country for their impact on the Congresswoman;
•Draft social media content and other written materials, and manage all of the
Congresswoman’s social media accounts (twitter, Instagram, FB, Tiktok)
•Develop branding guide, create graphics, film and edit photos and videos,
including clipping, captioning and branding;
•Manage the Congresswoman’s website and set up robust digital archives and
analytics trackers for the Congresswoman;
•Staff digital events and video recordings with the Congresswoman;
•Support with logistics for town halls, press conferences, and other public-facing
engagements, both virtual and in-person;
•Remain abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Congresswoman may be questioned;
•Support on administrative functions of the office as needed, such as constituent
calls and data entry;
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
•Work well under pressure, handle stress, and accept performance-based criticism
and direction;
•Work flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends, and perform
other duties as assigned.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate;
•COVID-19 precautions and remote work expectations can be discussed during
the interview process.
•This role is based in Washington, D.C. or Pittsburgh PA

Page 10 of 23

COMPENSATION: commensurate with experience, along with a competitive
benefits package that includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan
payments (terms apply)
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Our office prioritizes building a diverse team committed to advocating for the
residents of PA-12. 1-3 years of digital, graphic design, press, organizing, or
advocacy experience is strongly recommended. Candidates from BIPOC,
LGBTQ+, working class, military, and/or other underrepresented communities
are strongly encouraged to apply. As a practice as an office we do not require any
pre-requisite degrees. Ties to Pennsylvania preferred, but not required.
HOW TO APPLY: Please submit your resume, cover letter expanding on how
your unique set of experiences suits you to excel in this role, 3 digital/creative
samples and 3 references to SummerLeeJobs@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Digital/Press Associate” Digital portfolios or websites also accepted for
creative samples.
MEM-043-23

Senior California Democrat seeks a Legislative Director to oversee the
Member’s legislative priorities and manage a portfolio centered on healthcare and
Social Security.
This position will be tasked with:
•Managing legislative staff and the Member’s legislative portfolio in close
consultation with the Deputy Chief of Staff.
•Monitoring the House floor and advising the Member on procedure.
•Handling the Member’s healthcare priorities as a senior member of the Energy
and Commerce Committee and the House Democratic Caucus Task Force on
Aging & Families. The legislative portfolio will be focused on mental health,
telehealth, rare diseases, the 340B drug discount program, and public health
among other issues.
This is not an entry-level position and Hill experience is strongly preferred, but
not required. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status. Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority
applicants are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com. Please use “Legislative Director” as the
subject.

MEM-042-23

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a high-energy, highly-organized,
and detail-oriented Constituent Service Representative for his office in
Frederick, MD.
Page 11 of 23

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Staffer will work out of the District Office in Frederick, MD.
•Serve as the official representative for the Member in the community.
•Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships for
the Member.
•Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
•Monitor and update the Member and District Director on local issues of
importance.
•Staff and provide logistical support for district meetings and events for the
Member.
•Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
•Answer correspondence and verbal communications with constituents in a
timely manner.
•Office administrative duties as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
•Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
•Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
•Thorough knowledge of the legislative process.
•Knowledge of all issues in the district in which the Member is involved.
•Maryland ties are a plus.
The Office of Congressman David Trone strongly values the diversity of our
employees and strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply.
Ideal candidates will have 1-2 years of work experience in a relevant field.
(public service, political campaigns, issue advocacy, community organizing, etc.)
Starting salary for this position is $50,000 plus full benefits.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to MD06.jobs@gmail.com with
“Constituent Service Representative - Frederick” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins.

Page 12 of 23

MEM-041-23

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas), on the Ways & Means Committee, seeks an
experienced Legislative Assistant to assist with environmental, health care and
other issues to be determined.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Hill or other policy or
political experience strongly preferred, as well as a law or graduate degree. Texas
ties a plus.
Send cover letter, resume, brief writing sample, and three work supervisor
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use this title on your email:
“Experienced LA Applicant” -- No drop-ins please.

MEM-032-23

SUMMARY:
Congresswoman Alma Adams (NC-12) is seeking an organized, detail-oriented
individual to serve in the position of District Liaison in a fast-paced and highly
collaborative Charlotte District office.
Successful candidates will have familiarity with Federal agencies, excellent
written and oral communication skills, the ability to exercise discretion and
independent judgement, and will be team oriented. Additionally, a strong
knowledge and/or connection to Mecklenburg and Cabarrus Counties is
preferred, but not required.
Core Responsibilities: (but not limited to)
• To monitor and update Member/Deputy Chief of Staff on district and local
issues.
• To answer casework correspondences and verbal communications with
constituents
• To act as a liaison with federal, district and local agencies on behalf of the
Member and constituents.
• Managing and navigating constituents’ casework through federal agencies to
ensure fair and timely responses to their problems.
• Referring constituents to appropriate state or local agencies for non-federal
issues
• Attending and participating in community meetings and events (including some
evenings, weekends, and holidays)
• Assessing casework and community activities for matters warranting legislative
action.
• Acts as the representative for the Member and/or District Director within their
area of responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting
with constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a
liaison with federal, district, and local agencies,
• Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Member/office.
• Prepares periodic reports for the Deputy Chief of Staff on pending cases and
district activities in their assigned issue areas.
Page 13 of 23

• Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office.
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the office policy.
• Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents.
• Accepts performance-based criticism and directions.
• Works well under pressure and handles stress.
• Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, weekends, and holidays.
• Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor’s Degree
• Background in Social Work, preferred, but not required.
• Spanish speaking, preferred, but not required.
• Ability to communicate with diverse populations of individuals.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Working knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
• Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
• Professional telephone matter;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
• Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Positive attitude, willingness to work through tough problems, ability to interact
well with the public.
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
• Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures.
• Knowledge of office computer applications, software; and
• Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
• This is a full-time and in-person position.
• Field duties require work during regular office hours and including some
evenings, weekends, and holidays). Additionally, employees must hold a valid
driver’s license.
• Employees must be able to work in a moderately noisy work environment
without an expectation of privacy.

Page 14 of 23

To apply, please send an email to NC12DistrictCLT@gmail.com with your cover
letter, resume, and three references, with contact information. Please use the
following format for the subject line: Your full name -District Liaison.
The deadline to receive resumes is February 8, 2023 by 5 pm (EST).
MEM-031-23

Senior House Democrat seeks a Senior Legislative Assistant and/or Counsel for
the Member’s personal office to staff a portfolio of domestic legislative issues
and, if the right candidate has a law degree, as counsel.
A successful candidate will have excellent communication skills, a solid
understanding of the legislative process, and a proven ability to work effectively
with a legislative team.
Responsibilities include monitoring and drafting legislation, monitoring the floor,
representing the Member in meetings/briefings, collaborating with constituent
organizations, preparing materials for committee hearings and markups, and other
tasks and assignments as needed. If the successful candidate is a lawyer, the
position will also include providing the office with Ethics and other compliance
advice.
The ideal candidate will have 3 years+ of experience in a congressional office or
similar legislative experience off the Hill.
Salary will range from 70-85k or higher depending on experience and status as an
attorney. Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to congressjobhouse@gmail.com

MEM-030-23

Congresswoman Valerie Foushee is seeking an organized, detail-oriented
individual to serve in the position of Staff Assistant in a fast-paced and highly
collaborative District office.
Essential strengths of ideal candidates include exceptional customer service
skills, close attention to detail and time management, strong writing and proactive
communication skills, an understanding or aptitude for database work, and the
ability to prioritize and follow through on multiple competing priorities in a fastpaced environment. North Carolina and/or NC-04 ties are preferred, but not
required.
Responsibilities include greeting and engaging visitors and callers, helping them
navigate our office, and logging their views and requests in IQ; maintaining an
office environment that emphasizes kindness and professionalism; providing
administrative support to the constituent services, communication, and
operations/administrative teams; recruiting, hiring, and managing district interns;
ordering supplies; meticulously and accurately batching correspondence; staffing
the Member; and other duties as assigned.
Starting annual salary is $45,000.
Page 15 of 23

To apply, please send an email to NC04resumes@mail.house.gov with your
cover letter, resume, and three references in one combined PDF attachment.
Please use the following format for the subject line: Your full name – Staff
Assistant.
MEM-028-23

DC STAFF ASSISTANT -- U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. seeks highly-motivated,
detail-oriented staff assistant with excellent written and oral communication skills
for DC office.
Responsibilities include general reception duty, member scheduling, addressing
constituent requests, managing interns, systems management, and otherwise
assisting the Congressman and staff in all functions of the office. New Jersey ties
are a plus.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample via email
to nj09job@gmail.com. No calls or direct emails please. We will consider
applications until the position is filled.
The position is full time with federal benefits, including student loan repayment
program (if eligible) and transit or parking benefits. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
age, disability, military status, marital or parental status.

MEM-026-23

The Office of Congressman Andy Harris, M.D. (MD-01) has an
immediate opening for an organized, detail-oriented individual to serve in the
position of Staff Assistant in a fast-paced and highly collaborative Capitol Hill
office with a strong commitment to exceptional constituent service.
Responsibilities include staffing and managing the front office, managing
mail intake, answering and managing the phone system, greeting visitors,
handling tour and flag requests, and providing general office support. Candidates
should have excellent oral and written communication skills, great attention to
detail, strong time management skills, and an ability to work under pressure.
Maryland ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer. Please send resume, cover
letter, and writing sample in one PDF
document to: MD01jobopenings@mail.house.gov.
Subject line: 2023 Staff Assistant Opening.
No phone calls please.

Page 16 of 23

MEM-024-23

The Freshman Democrat from Hawai‘i is seeking a Scheduler with strong
judgment, communication skills, and attention to detail to build and oversee all
aspects of scheduling operations for the Member.
This position requires consistent and effective collaboration with all components
of the Member’s office. The Scheduler will work directly with the Chief of Staff,
District Chief, and other senior staff.
Primary duties include, but are not limited to:
•Building the Member’s daily and long-term schedule for DC and the district and
managing this system;
•Responding to all incoming scheduling requests;
•Booking and coordinating travel back to Hawai‘i and within Hawai‘i;
•Ensuring the Member, staff, and external stakeholders have key information
about the schedule;
•Compiling daily briefing materials for the Member and coordinating the
collection of information from staff and other sources;
•Supporting the team with special events and ad hoc projects; and
•Other duties as assigned.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual
orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse backgrounds, especially
with ties to Hawai‘i, are encouraged to apply. Being able to serve as a secondary
driver when needed is preferred, but not required. Salary will be commensurate
with experience.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and references
to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-018-23

SUMMARY:
Congresswoman Valerie Foushee is seeking an organized, detail-oriented
individual to serve in the position of Constituent Services Liaison (Caseworker)
in a fast-paced and highly collaborative District office.
The Constituent Services Liaison (Caseworker) monitors and updates the
Member and District Director on district and local issues. This position acts as a
liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for the Member and constituents and
answers casework correspondence and verbal communications with constituents.
North Carolina and/or NC-04 ties are preferred, but not required.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
• Acts as the representative for the Member and/or District Director within their
area of responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting
with constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a
liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
Page 17 of 23

• Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in their assigned
issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents;
• Handles casework assignments, including helping resolve constituents’ issues
with federal agencies in a timely and effective manner;
• Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Member;
• Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the Legislative Director, District Director, and Chief of
Staff;
• Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
• Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
• Trains and assist with supervising Staff Assistants, including interns, to handle
office matters such as logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling
visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
• Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
• Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in their assigned issue areas;
• Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
• Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
• Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
• Accepts performance-based criticism and directions;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
• Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
• Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least 2 years of experience; strong academic credentials.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Working knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
• Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
• Professional telephone matter;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
• Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
Page 18 of 23

• Positive attitude, willingness to work through tough problems, ability to interact
well with the public;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
• Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge of office computer applications; and
• Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
• This is a full-time and in-person position.
• Field duties require work during regular office hours and some nights and
weekends. Additionally, employees must hold a valid driver’s license.
• Employees must be able to work in a moderately noisy work environment
without an expectation of privacy.
SALARY RANGE:
• $50,000-$60,000 (based on experience)
To apply, please send an email to NC04resumes@mail.house.gov with your
cover letter, resume, and three references in one combined PDF attachment.
Please use the following format for the subject line: Your full name - Constituent
Services Liaison.
MEM-011-23

Communications Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Communications Director to
lead an active communications operation.
This position manages both the long-term strategic communications strategy and
day-to-day press for the Caucus, ranging from drafting statements on news of the
day, to responding to press inquiries and pitching stories, to managing the CBC’s
social media accounts and website, to setting up press availability opportunities
(i.e., press conferences, press calls, or pen/pads), to developing and executing a
long-term communications plan.
In addition to managing the communications of the CBC, this position also serves
as a resource to all CBC Member offices to provide any communications counsel
they may need. The Communications Director’s responsibilities will include:
• Working closely with the Executive Director and Policy Director to raise the
policy agenda and platform of the Caucus through strategic messaging, earned
media, and public outreach
• Substantial experience with and knowledge of Congressional affairs and the
legislative process
• Experience with media pitching, booking television appearances/interviews,
Page 19 of 23

prepping a principal for print & television interviews/appearances
• Extensive relationships with DC and National print & television media
• Excellent oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work under pressure and meet quick deadlines
• Experience with communications including, social media, press releases, talking
points, etc.
• Demonstrated experience working effectively with diverse coalitions
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential.
Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability to multitask, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player. This is not an
entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of
House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample/portfolio
to Vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-611-22

The Republican Staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a highly organized
and detail-oriented Committee Clerk.
Clerks are responsible for the preparation of all committee activities, such as
hearings and markups. Clerks ensure the committee is run efficiently by
maintaining and organizing all committee records as well as assisting with the
administrative functions of the committee. Qualified applicants will have at least
one year of Hill experience as well as working knowledge of how Congressional
committees operate.
Candidates can email their resume to Kiley.Bidelman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-604-22

Job Description – Communications Director
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced, creative, and highly motivated Communications Director to lead
media and strategy efforts for her Washington, D.C. and Seattle, WA offices.
An ideal candidate will:
●Possess strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to
multitask while thriving in a fast-paced setting under tight deadlines;
●Have experience working directly with local and national reporters, bookers,
and other members of the media to proactively pitch stories and respond to
inquiries;
Page 20 of 23

● Think strategically and creatively while designing, implementing, and
evaluating both short and long-term communications plans in addition to leading
rapid response efforts;
●Have a proven track record of writing in the voice of a principal (op-eds,
speeches, statements, messaging, talking points, digital content, etc.) and
explaining policy issues in ways that people can easily understand;
●Know how to operate directly with a principal and collaboratively across
departments while demonstrating experience managing a team;
●Understand the digital media landscape and current digital trends, with
experience overseeing a digital program;
●Have a strong record of advocating for progressive values;
●Be willing to staff the Congresswoman for press, and work weekends and
irregular hours.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Developing and executing the office’s communications strategy for Capitol Hill
and WA-07, including national and local press, messaging, writing, events, and
digital;
●Working directly with the Congresswoman to prepare and staff her for
interviews, speeches, press conferences, public events, roundtables, and other
opportunities;
● Building and sustaining strong relationships with local and national reporters
(including Capitol Hill reporters, local reporters, and issue-specific reporters at
national outlets), editors, columnists, producers, bookers, and advocacy groups;
●Proactively and strategically engaging in media outreach, including pitching
reporters while also fielding and responding to press inquiries at the local and
national levels;
●Serving as the spokesperson (on the record, on background, and off the record)
for the Congresswoman;
●Drafting written materials including press statements, quotes, speeches,
remarks, op-eds, press releases and advisories, and talking points;
●Designing creative plans to effectively roll out legislation, letters, and other
policy initiatives that include press components, and events;
●Overseeing a robust, aggressive, engaging, and data-driven online
communications program;
●Supervising and partnering with the Digital Director, who manages all digital
and online
content, to maintain strategic messaging across official channels while
collaborating with Progressive Caucus staff;
●Working collaboratively with the District Office to ensure a consistently strong
local/state media presence while collaborating with the legislative team on a daily
basis;
● Participating in the senior team along with the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of
Staff, District Director and Legislative Director.
This is a senior level position. Applicants must have a proven track record of
working with the press, and a minimum of two years of experience as a press
Page 21 of 23

secretary or communications director is required. Previous experience on
campaigns (political, legislative, or issue-based) and on Capitol Hill is preferred.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include the following in their application:
●Résumé
●Cover letter
●Three writing samples including an op-ed or speech and a statement
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-582-22

Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s District Office has an immediate need to hire a
full-time Field Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team in Orange County.
Basic Functions
The Field Representative serves an important role in the Member’s Congressional
District, acting as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents. They are responsible for strengthening community
relations and assessing casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or
Congressional oversight.
Duties
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative briefs the Member in preparation for district meetings with
constituents and acts as the representative for the Member by attending events
and meetings. This includes public speaking and certificate presentations.
The Field Representative will:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
•Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
•Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
Requirements
•Expertise developing and executing a community relations strategy
•Experience in maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders
•Political savvy and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
Page 22 of 23

•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible scheduling, including nights and
weekends
•Constituent service oriented; patient empathetic, and desire to help constituents
Position Qualifications/Education
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public
service and familiarity with Orange County is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline
Salary range is $49,000-$57,000. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to
Stephanie Hu, District Director, Office of Congresswoman
Steel Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.

Page 23 of 23

