________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 26, 2021

MEM-280-21

Midwestern Democrat seeking an organized, detail-oriented individual to serve in
the position of Staff Assistant in a fast-paced and highly collaborative Capitol
Hill office. Responsibilities include staffing and managing the front office,
managing mail intake, answering and managing the phone system, greeting
visitors, handling tour and flag requests, assisting staff during and after office
hours, providing administrative support to the Administrative Director, and
providing additional office support as needed.
While this is an entry-level position, candidates should have excellent oral and
written communication skills, great attention to detail, strong time management
skills, an ability to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines, and a sense of
humor. Capitol Hill and/or customer service experience are strongly preferred.
Midwest and Great Lakes ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and women, people of color,
members of the LGBTQ+ community, and members of other traditionally
underrepresented communities are STRONGLY encouraged to apply. Please
send resume, cover letter, and writing sample in one PDF document
to: midwestern.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-278-21

Rep. Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a Legislative Assistant in her
Washington, DC office. The Legislative Assistant will support the Member’s
work on the Energy & Commerce Health Subcommittee and cover a portfolio
Page 1 of 13

that includes health care, reproductive rights, family services|child welfare, and
other issues.
Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, policy letters, memos, and
talking points, preparing for and staffing committee hearings, making vote
recommendations, meeting and maintaining relationships with constituents and
advocacy groups, working closely with the communications team and district
staff, advancing a number of the Member’s legislative priorities, and other tasks
as required. The position requires strong written and oral communication skills,
the ability to manage multiple priorities at one time, and the ability to work
collaboratively in a team environment.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least 2-3 years of
Capitol Hill or relevant policy experience, be highly motivated, detail-oriented
professionals with strong organizational and time-management skills, as well as
positive attitudes, and pride in work. In addition, candidates should have a strong
understanding of the legislative process, coalition building, and have the ability to
maintain strategic relationships with constituent organizations, and should be
comfortable managing multiple priorities in a fast paced environment.
Los Angeles Metro Area|Southern California ties and Spanish language skills are
a plus. Salary will be commensurate with skills and experience.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, two references, and two
writing samples with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-274-21

Active Democratic House Member seeks a Staff Assistant to serve in the
Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidate will be a motivated self-starter with
outstanding interpersonal, customer service, time-management, and
organizational skills.
Primary responsibilities include: answering and logging telephone calls; front of
office operations; recruiting and managing interns; managing constituent requests
for flags and tours; assisting the Communications Director; assisting with
constituent mail responses and other administrative duties.
Ideal candidates will have relevant experience and demonstrate the ability to
think on their feet to solve problems; show keen attention to detail; demonstrate
excellent oral and written skills; maintain a positive demeanor; hold a clean
driving record; and demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
Page 2 of 13

This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates with California ties are preferred but not required.
Please submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF document
to ca07jobs@gmail.com with “DC Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No walkins or phone calls.
MEM-273-21

The Office of Rep. Karen Bass seeks an organized and detail-oriented Director
of Operations for the Washington, DC office.
This role manages all aspects of the Member's and Chief of Staff’s daily and
long-term schedule in DC and in the District, office administration (including
finances, travel, etc.). This individual will work closely with the Member, Chief
of Staff, DC and District staff. Qualified candidates will have strong
communications and multi-tasking skills and will work well on a team.
The ideal candidate will have prior administrative and scheduling experience on
the Hill or comparable work environment. Candidate must be well-organized,
detail-oriented, team-oriented, self-motivated, comfortable working in a fastpaced environment focused on serving constituents. Candidate must also have
comfort interfacing with a principal. Salary is commensurate with experience.
To apply, please email your cover letter, resume, and references
to CA37.HR@mail.house.gov.

MEM-268-21

The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis in the U.S. House of
Representatives conducts investigations to ensure the nation’s response to the
coronavirus crisis is efficient, effective, and equitable.
Chairman James E. Clyburn seeks to fill a Counsel or Professional Staff
position on the Majority staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney or policy
professional with several years of investigative or litigation experience.
Responsibilities include leading investigations, conducting depositions and
transcribed interviews, preparing for hearings, and drafting reports.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Please send a resume and cover letter
to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel / Professional Staff” in the subject
line.

Page 3 of 13

MEM-267-21

The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis in the U.S. House of
Representatives conducts investigations to ensure the nation’s response to the
coronavirus crisis is efficient, effective, and equitable. Chairman James E.
Clyburn seeks to fill a Staff Assistant and Clerk position on the Majority staff.
The ideal candidate will be an enthusiastic and organized self-starter with
previous experience working or interning on Capitol Hill. Responsibilities
include editing letters, monitoring phone lines, maintaining correspondence files
and other records, hosting meetings, and supporting staff on all aspects of
hearings, briefings, and other events. Occasional assistance with research and
writing may also be required.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior organization skills and attention to detail,
work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills. Please send a resume and cover letter
to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with “Staff Assistant and Clerk” in the subject
line.

MEM-265-21

Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03), a member of the House Armed Services
Committee, House Foreign Affairs Committee, and House Small Business
Committee seeks a hard-working Constituent Services Representative to serve
in his Willingboro or Toms River offices.
The Constituent Services Representative is a field representative and caseworker
on behalf of the Congressman that acts as a liaison to various federal, state and
local agencies, assesses problems and finds solutions in a professional manner
and screens and refers cases, as appropriate.
Ideal candidates will have experience managing casework, be exceptionally wellorganized and attentive to detail, be able to adhere to established casework
processes, have strong oral and written communication skills, excel at time
management and be able to maintain good working relationships with the
Congressman, staff and constituents. An even temperament, ability to deal
effectively with a wide range of personalities, and creative problem solving skills
are essential.
RESPONSIBILITES
•Interact with constituents via phone, email and in person
•Establish, follow through and complete constituent casework
•Keep accurate and complete case notes and alerts at all times
•Interact with assigned federal agencies
•Interact with local, county and state offices to make and accept referrals
•Establish efficient processes to handle common issues and problems
•Cross-train and accept changing areas of focus as needed
•Staff public events as needed
Page 4 of 13

PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
•Casework or other high volume, high touch work
•Time spent in a customer service role
•Work with federal, state or local government
•Experience with casework IQ program is a plus
•Candidates with ties to New Jersey are strongly encouraged to apply
TO APPLY: Email cover letter, resume and 2-3 references
to NJ03resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Constituent Services
Representative: [NAME]”. Please no unsolicited drop-ins, phone calls, or emails
to the office.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: August 20, 2021 at 5PM EST
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
MEM-261-21

Data Analyst
The Republican staff of U.S. Congress’s Joint Economic Committee seek a data
analyst with strong quantitative skills for the Social Capital Project. Proficiency
in Excel as well as STATA, R, or other statistical software package is required
for this role. Successful candidates will have a background in economics, public
policy, or similar field. Ability to think creatively, work independently, and take
initiative is necessary.
The Project provides a unique chance to develop an ambitious agenda aimed at
enabling more Americans to thrive in the 21st century. Interest in JEC Social
Capital Project-related research topics, including expanding opportunity by
strengthening families, communities, and attachment to work, is a plus. Salary is
commensurate with experience.
Interested candidates should send a resume and writing sample
to RJobs@jec.senate.gov
—This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

MEM-260-21

Senior Policy Advisor/Senior Economist
The Republican staff of U.S Congress’s Joint Economic Committee seek a senior
policy advisor/senior economist for the Social Capital Project. The Project, a
“think tank within a committee,” seeks candidates with experience in social
science and public policy research and interest in evidence-based approaches to
Page 5 of 13

expanding opportunity by strengthening families, communities, and attachment to
work.
For these roles, successful candidates will have proven policy research and
writing experience (for a public audience) and be able to weigh empirical
evidence and think creatively about policy. Ability to work independently and
take initiative are also essential.
The Project provides a unique chance to develop an ambitious policy agenda
aimed at enabling more Americans to thrive in the 21st century. We encourage
applications from those with a masters, PhD, or equivalent level of policy
knowledge/experience. Salary commensurate with experience.
Interested candidates should send a resume and writing sample (not to exceed
thirty pages) to RJobs@jec.senate.gov
—This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
MEM-254-21

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for an investigative counsel position.
The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members
and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position
which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from
political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas
is desirable: government ethics; campaign finance; criminal law; employment
law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil
litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and
financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel”
in the subject line.

MEM-253-21

Investigator (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced investigative professional for an investigator position.
The Committee’s investigator is responsible for assisting the Committee in all
aspects of its investigative work, including researching and reviewing public data
Page 6 of 13

sources, forensic research, document review, data collection and analysis,
preparing for and participating in witness interviews, and drafting and editing
Committee documents.
This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to assist with impartial
investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding organizational, research, and analytical skills, as well as the
sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the
Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics,
criminal law, civil litigation, administrative investigations and adjudications,
depositions, or financial accounting. Experience with document
review/management platforms and/or online research services (Lexis/Nexis,
Westlaw, CLEAR) also preferred. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigator” in the
subject line.
MEM-252-21

Senior House Republican Seeks Press Assistant/Digital Director
Candidates must excel in a fast-paced existing press operation. Prior experience
in a political office or campaign experience preferred, but not required.
Familiarity or existing contacts with conservative media outlets a major plus.
Position based in Washington, DC office. Must work well under pressure.
Required:
•Video editing skills
•Excellent research skills
•Ability to write well
Duties:
•Compile daily clips
•Assist with press releases, talking points, op-eds, and other materials
•Grow and manage a national press list

•Create compelling social media content
•Assist with maintaining office’s website and social media accounts
•Create and edit videos and graphics
•Monitor the Congressman’s presence and interactions on social media. Keeping
Communications Director and Chief of Staff up-to-date on emerging trends and
important conversations happening online
•Take photos/video at events
Contact:
Please submit your resume to Midwestern.Job@mail.house.gov with “Press
Assistant/Digital Director” in the subject line.

Page 7 of 13

MEM-250-21

The Office of Congressman John Sarbanes seeks an experienced
Communications Director or Press Secretary to serve in its Washington, D.C.
office.
Successful candidates will have impeccable writing skills, a close eye to detail,
fluency with a wide range of social media platforms and digital tools – including
Adobe Creative Suite and website CMS services – the ability to manage several,
simultaneous projects in a fast-paced environment and experience working
closely with national and local press, along with television and radio booking
producers. This is not an entry-level position.
This office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Diverse candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified individuals should submit a resume, cover letter and writing portfolio
to employment@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-247-21

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester is seeking an in-district press & digital
media assistant to join an aggressive two-person communications team.
This position is based in Wilmington, Delaware. Responsibilities include
managing the Congresswoman’s website and social media accounts, working
collaboratively to generate creative and engaging content for digital platforms,
drafting talking points and advisories, and staffing the Congresswoman and
taking photos/videos at events.
Additionally, the press & digital media assistant will help draft and copy-edit
speeches and talking points for the Congresswoman for events in Delaware, and
the person in this role will report directly to the DC-based Communications
Director. Prior press/digital experience; Hill or campaign experience and
familiarity with social media and graphic/video design are strongly preferred.
Delaware ties a major plus. Strong written and oral communications skills, a
flexible schedule, access to a car, and a clean driving record are musts.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
Interested candidates must submit a resume, one cover letter, two writing
samples, and two examples of social media or digital media work samples
to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com

Page 8 of 13

MEM-240-21

SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT/COUNSEL – Rep. Karen Bass (CA37) seeks a hardworking lawyer with legal, policy, and Hill experience to serve as
a Senior Legislative Assistant/Counsel, with the primary portfolio focusing on the
Member’s Judiciary Committee work.
Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the Member in committee
hearings and markups; drafting talking points and speeches; and researching,
drafting, and introducing legislation. All candidates should be a team player and
possess excellent writing and communication skills, ability to work
independently, and a thorough understanding of the legislative process.
Strong candidates will have good relationships on the Hill with Democrats and
Republicans, the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment, and a
track record of turning ideas into legislation and preferably legislation into law.
This is not an entry-level position.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a short (1-2 page)
writing sample to CA37.HR@mail.house.gov with “Senior Legislative Assistant”
in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, sexual
orientation, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-235-21

Republican House Member seeks a Scheduler for his Washington office. The
scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's daily and long-term schedule
in DC and in the District. This individual will work closely with the Member, DC
and District staff.
The ideal candidate will have prior scheduling experience on the Hill or
comparable work environment. This person should be well-organized, detailoriented, self-motivated, and able to work effectively in a fast-paced office.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
invitations and scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; and
managing operational and logistical support for the office.
Applicants should send their resume, and references
to PA09Jobs@mail.house.gov”

MEM-231-21

Counsel for House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights, and
Civil Liberties
Page 9 of 13

The House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil
Rights, and Civil Liberties seeks a dedicated and hard-working lawyer with a
minimum of 5 years of professional legal experience to serve as a subcommittee
counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Committee on matters of law and policy within the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction;
drafting legislation; preparing hearings; drafting statements, memos, and briefing
materials; and providing guidance to Democratic House offices on matters of
constitutional and civil rights law.
The counsel will be responsible for handling assignments in a range of issue
areas, including reproductive rights, women’s issues, religious freedom, voting
rights, civil rights litigation, torts and civil procedure, claims against the United
States, separation of powers, federalism, individual constitutional rights, and any
other areas as assigned.
The successful candidate must demonstrate exceptional writing and legal research
skills, a strong work ethic, a professional temperament, and the ability to work on
novel and complex matters under time and other pressures. Such a candidate must
also be able to work collaboratively with a broad range of personalities. In
addition, sound political judgment, prior legislative or policy experience, a
substantive background in civil rights or constitutional law, and a demonstrated
commitment to public service are strongly preferred. A sense of humor is a plus.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population. The Committee strongly encourages women and members
of historically disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The Committee does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Constitution Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-228-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff —Procurement Counsel or Professional Staff Member
(District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks
to fill a Procurement Counsel or Professional Staff Member position on the
Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will have several years of experience
overseeing government procurement awards and performance.
Page 10 of 13

Responsibilities include research, investigations, briefings, and managing
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are
strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail,
work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Procurement” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with
the file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.
MEM-227-21

Senior Ways and Means Republican is seeking a legislative assistant/senior
legislative assistant to handle a diverse legislative portfolio. Qualified candidates
will have a minimum of 3 years legislative experience on the Hill and substantial
knowledge of the legislative process and floor procedure. Strong writing, research
and communication skills a must. All resumes handled in strict confidence.
Please forward a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to resumes.FL16@mail.house.gov.

MEM-226-21

STAFF ASSISTANT: The Office of Representative Thomas Massie is seeking a
staff assistant to serve in the Crescent Springs, Kentucky office. Ideal candidate
will be motivated self-starter with outstanding interpersonal, customer service,
time-management, and organizational skills.
Successful candidate will have a positive, solution-driven personality,
demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, show strong
attention to detail, and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Primary responsibilities will include maintaining the front office, answering
phones, processing and logging constituent mail, greeting visitors, monitoring
office deliveries, responding to inquiries, assisting with constituent casework, and
other duties as assigned.
Representative Massie’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation,
gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed
service.
Please submit a resume and cover letter to mary.troutman@mail.house.gov with
“District Staff Assistant” in the subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis until the position is filled.

Page 11 of 13

MEM-218-21

HOUSE COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS
TITLE: Professional Staff Member for Women Veterans Policy – House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs (Majority)
SUMMARY: The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
seeks a Professional Staff Member (PSM) to join its Health Subcommittee staff.
The PSM will manage a portfolio focused on issues impacting women veterans to
include matters related to military service, impacts to women veterans’ health,
well-being, and access to care, benefits, and economic resources, as well as
systemic and structural barriers which may inhibit access. The PSM will report
directly to the staff director of the Subcommittee. Some travel will be required.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Working with Committee leadership to develop an overall policy and legislative
strategy;
•Conducting oversight and investigations within the portfolio;
•Tracking legislative and policy developments within the portfolio;
•Drafting written product, to include memoranda, correspondence, reports, and
public statements;
•Planning and executing hearings and other official events;
•Conducting site visits;
•Developing and drafting legislation;
•Engaging and working with stakeholders to include the Administration, Veterans
Service Organization (VSOs), and others; and,
•Supporting the full Committee and Subcommittee Chairs in advancing the
Committee’s priorities.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Highly qualified candidates will have
significant experience with issues impacting women veterans, as well experience
in government (at any level) or advocacy. Congressional experience is not
required but is a plus. Qualified candidates will be extremely organized, have
excellent oral and written communications skills, have a demonstrated ability to
work on a team, and have a track record of successfully delivering excellent work
in short timeframes.
Candidates will be evaluated on experience, skills, character, and fitness, and how
well they meet the qualifications and requirements. In an effort to build a diverse
and more inclusive work environment, the committee strongly encourages
veterans, minority, women, people with disabilities, and LGBTQ+ candidates to
apply. Starting salary is $90k, commensurate with experience.
HOW TO APPLY: All candidates are required to complete an online application
via https://veterans.house.gov/opportunities to be considered.
Candidates should upload a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and diversity &
inclusion statement.
Page 12 of 13

The diversity & inclusion statement should be 250 words or less and: 1) Explain
how your past personal and/or professional experiences have contributed to your
growth in understanding diversity, equity, and inclusion, and/or 2) Explain how
you plan to engage in diversity, equity
and inclusion matters in this role. Applications will not be considered complete if
there is no diversity & inclusion statement.
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 13 of 13

