________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 18, 2022

MEM-217-22

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks a bilingual
English/Spanish speaker who is an energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to
join the District Office of her very active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
Importantly, constituent services staff also assist with neighborhood events and
visits community groups in the district.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and in handling multiple tasks and issues effectively while making
sure federal agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds
promptly to constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to communicate fluently in Spanish and
English, work independently, and think outside the box about various constituent
issues and community events. Prior community or casework experience is
helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
Page 1 of 34

possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-216-22

Policy Aide
House Small Business Committee Democrats seeks a policy aide to assist senior
staff on wide ranging policy issues, including, tax, health, retirement, agriculture,
procurement, technology, and other issues.
Core responsibilities include researching, drafting memos, and questions to
support senior staff, drafting reports, assisting in the drafting of legislation, and
other assignments. Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill
or federal agency experience is preferred.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please send cover letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position
name in the subject line.

MEM-214-22

Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (FL- Democrat) seeks a highly motivated
individual to serve as a legislative assistant to cover a policy portfolio that
includes Women’s issues, foreign policy, national security, and children and
family issues.
The ideal applicant should possess a strong background in policy issues
impacting women and girls as well as those relevant to Latin America, the
Caribbean and the Middle East. Excellent critical thinking, written, research and
oral communications skills are required.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: advancing the Member’s priorities
related to this portfolio, crafting legislation and amendments that advance the
Member’s legislative agenda; and preparing issue-area memos and making vote
recommendations on bills in the individual’s legislative portfolio, engaging with
stakeholders, and supporting messaging efforts.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill experience
and proven knowledge of the legislative process will be considered.
South Florida ties are a plus.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume
to FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “FP/WOMEN LA.” Please
Page 2 of 34

save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file
“Last name, First name.”
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Application materials must be received by 12:00pm EST April 29, 2022.
MEM-213-22

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a Wounded Warrior Fellow for his
District Office.
This position is limited to veterans desiring to serve a two-year paid ongressional
Fellowship as part of the House of Representatives Wounded Warrior Fellowship
Program.
Selected Fellows will work directly for Congressman Trone as part of his District
Office staff, located in once of his District Offices. (Gaithersburg, Frederick,
Hagerstown, or Cumberland, MD)
Conditions of Employment:
ALL CANDIDATES MUST BE:
1) Honorably discharged
2) Released from active duty within the last six years.
3) Pay grades at or below E-5/O-3/W-2 4. Veterans promoted to pay grades of E6/O-4/W-3 WITHIN 6-MONTHS OF SEPARATION from active duty are
eligible.
Qualifications:
Detail oriented; excellent organization skills; excellent communication skills;
strong computer skills; ability to complete projects within timelines and under
minimal supervision. Ability to work well under pressure and maintain a
professional and courteous work disposition; ability to exercise discretion and
independent judgment in handling sensitive information; ability to manage
multiple tasks simultaneously. High School Diploma required. Some college
level classes are preferred but not required.
Primary Responsibilities:
●Serve as the official representative for the Member in the Veterans community.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations in the Veterans community to form
effective relationships for the Member.
●Monitor and update the Member and District Director on issues facing military
members and veterans in the district.
●Provide direct casework assistance to military members and veterans in a timely
and efficient manner; proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is
Page 3 of 34

reached.
●Assess veterans issues that constituents are facing for problems requiring
possible legislative action; make recommendations to the District and Legislative
Directors.
●Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
To apply, please go to the following link to submit your application:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/478?c=house&source
=USAJobs.
No phone calls or walk-ins.
MEM-212-22

CONSTITUENT SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE
OFFICE of CONGRESSMAN EARL L. “BUDDY” CARTER
SUMMARY:
The Constituent Services Representative acts as a liaison to federal, state, and
local agencies as well as external organizations for the Congressman and
constituents of the First District. Additionally, the CSR monitors local issues for
the Congressman and the Office and serves and the representative of the Office at
public events.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal and written communications with constituents, and serving as
a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies as well as external
organizations;
*Informs the Congressman and the District Director of all happenings in his or
her assigned areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
*Handles casework assignments;
*Specializes in Veterans Affairs and events;
*Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Office;
*Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director;
*Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Congressman with constituents;
*Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
*Trains and supervises interns to handle office matters such as logging incoming
and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and computer
operations;
*Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
*Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
Page 4 of 34

activities in his or her assigned areas;
*Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
*Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the Office;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the Office;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff, and
constituents;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least 2 years of experience; strong academic credentials. Alternatively, 10
years of related experience or training in legislation or equivalent experience.
Experience working with the U.S. Military, Department of Veterans Affairs,
and/or veterans services organizations is preferred.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong oral and written communication skills;
*Knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
*Experience with the U.S. Military, veterans issues, organizations and the
Department of Veterans Affairs;
*Professional telephone manner;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
*Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications; and
*Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate.
To apply, please submit a resume to Brooke.childers@mail.house.com
MEM-211-22

Rep. Katie Porter (CA-45) is seeking a Staff Assistant in her DC office. The
ideal candidate is organized, detail oriented, able to multitask effectively in a fastpaced environment and has strong interpersonal skills.
Page 5 of 34

KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
•Respond to constituent messages through phone calls, emails, or handwritten
notes as needed
•Create a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the office to
constituents and visitors
•Answer incoming phone calls to log opinions, connect staffers to outside
stakeholders, and direct callers to appropriate resources
•Enter and organize incoming constituent messages into the IQ database
•Compile and organize flag and tour requests, and the distribution of books to
schools through the Library of Congress Surplus Books Program
•Assist the scheduler with day to day office operations, organizing constituent
requests, and other projects as needed
•Assist with managing the DC internship program
•Draft form letters responding to constituent concerns
•Draft co-sponsor requests, meeting memos, talking points, and remarks for the
Congresswoman, as needed by the legislative team
•Perform other duties as assigned by the Administrative and Legislative Team,
and the Chief of Staff
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.
To apply, send a cover letter and resume to ResumesCA45@mail.house.gov with
“DC Staff Assistant” in the subject line. The deadline for submission is 4/26/22.
MEM-209-22

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff (majority)
seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized staff assistant for fastpaced committee office.
Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front office such as receptionist
duties, answering phones, greeting visitors, ensuring that office and meeting
rooms are kept in order, supporting staff in preparations for committee events
such as hearings, markups, meetings, and events, delivering documents and
obtaining signatures on letters, training and supervising interns, handling and
sorting incoming mail, maintaining both digital and paper records and files,
maintaining office supplies and mastering basic equipment operations, assisting
other staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and other
duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, attention to detail, professionalism, exceptional time management skills,
and an ability to work collaboratively.

Page 6 of 34

All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Hill experience preferred but not required.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov
MEM-208-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks an experienced
Communications Director based in the DC office to develop and execute the
Congressman’s communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and
Means, Armed Services, and Budget committees.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to Congressman Horsford and will supervise the work of
junior communications staff. They will be responsible for executing an
aggressive communications plan that generates positive local and national media
coverage, reaches diverse communities, and expands the Congressman’s reach to
new audiences.
Responsibilities include but is not limited to:
•Working with Congressman Horsford, the Chief of Staff, the Deputy Chief of
Staff, and the District Director to develop strategic messaging priorities.
•Managing all day-to-day external communications from the office, including
press releases, remarks, floor speeches, interview memos, newsletters, op-eds,
and social media.
•Proactively identifying opportunities to expand Congressman Horsford’s local
and national media profile and working closely with the Congressional Black
Caucus, the House Labor Caucus, and other affiliated caucuses on shared
priorities.
•Pitching stories to local and national press and planning press conferences, press
calls, and other press events.
•Developing a strategic plan and budget for all communications programs.
•Designing and implementing a creative digital communications program,
including both paid advertising and organic social media. The Communications
Director will also be responsible for keeping the Congressman’s website up-todate.
•Overseeing franked communications and a robust 499 program.
This is not an entry-level position, and candidates must have previous press
experience on or off Capitol Hill. Strong oral and written communications skills
are required. Prior experience managing franked communications is a plus.

Page 7 of 34

The ideal candidate must be collaborative, creative, energetic, detail-oriented,
able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fastpaced and demanding setting.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Experience with video editing and graphic design is also a plus and Nevada ties a
plus.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three writing samples, and three
professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-206-22

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability
Assistance and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
•Must be able to pass a Public Trust Background Investigation;
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Attention to detail.
DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with full Committee hearings on matters within Subcommittee
Page 8 of 34

jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
•Reviewing the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and
other publications for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Minority agenda, briefing of Members, and
development of questions;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Drafting remarks for Ranking Member and suggested questions for hearing;
•Preparation of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee Ranking
Members on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Ranking
Member, Staff Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee
staff, as needed.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send résumés and cover letter only to the following email address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “DAMA Republican
Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-205-22

Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence is seeking a hard-working and dynamic
individual to serve as a Staff Assistant in her Washington, D.C. office.
Staff Assistant responsibilities include managing the front office; greeting
visitors; sorting mail; answering phones; processing flag requests; booking and
coordinating tours; managing the office’s internship program; assisting with
constituent correspondence via IQ; compiling and sending daily press clips; and
transporting/driving the member to events in Washington, D.C. (a personal
vehicle is not required).
The salary for this position is $55,000. Applicants with ties to Michigan are
preferred, but not required. This office is an equal opportunity employer and
veterans, LGBTQ+ individuals, women, and diverse candidates are encouraged to
apply. Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to MI14District@gmail.com by COB April 18, 2022.
No calls or walk-ins, please

Page 9 of 34

MEM-204-22

The Democratic staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a Staff Assistant.
Candidates should have excellent organizational skills and strong research,
writing, and communication skills.
Responsibilities include overseeing Committee hearing and markup logistics -which often include being physically present; serving as assistant clerk during
markups; providing administrative and research support to the Staff Director,
Deputy Staff Director/Senior Advisor, and Deputy Staff Director/Chief Counsel;
coordinating the Deputy Staff Director/Chief Counsel’s calendar and the
Committee’s calendar; co-managing the intern program; and managing
Committee administrative needs.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and include
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-203-22

Scheduler & Office Manager – Congressman Glenn “GT” Thompson
The office of Congressman Glenn "GT" Thompson (PA-15), Ranking Member of
the House Agriculture Committee, is seeking a highly motivated, detail-oriented,
and energetic individual with excellent organizational, oral, and written
communications skills to serve as Scheduler & Office Manager in the
Washington, D.C. office.
This is not an entry-level position. Viable candidates will have at minimum three
years of prior scheduling or executive assistant experience.
Responsibilities include managing the Member's D.C. schedule, correspondence,
travel, financial record keeping, staff and Member receipts for reimbursement,
and aiding the Chief of Staff with various administrative duties.
Strong organizational skills are essential, along with the ability to be a self-starter
while working in a fast-paced environment. Candidates should be team-oriented
and have the ability to multi-task. Pennsylvania ties, prior Capitol Hill
experience, and a sense of humor are preferred, but not required.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter and resume via email
to Renee.Gamela@mail.house.gov with "Scheduler" in the subject line. No walkins or calls please.

Page 10 of 34

MEM-202-22

The Office of the Parliamentarian in the U.S. House of Representatives seeks a
Systems Administrator.
Core functions of the position include:
-maintaining and managing all office computers, servers, and associated
equipment and software;
-maintaining and managing other office communications technology, including
cell phones and tablets;
-serving as a liaison between the office and House Information Resources;
-serving as principal contact for office staff and for outside vendors with respect
to database issues;
-SQL database maintenance, including uploading and storing files, batch
processing of data, and coordinating with the office as needed to export material
from the database to aid in publications work;
-ensuring all electronic devices and files are maintained in a secure manner;
-managing procurement of information technology for the office; and
-coordinating with outside vendors and the Government Publishing Office as
needed.
The Systems Administrator will assist the Office of the Parliamentarian in
traditional IT areas as well as in some aspects of digital publication.
Candidates must have:
-a degree in computer science or a related field;
-strong academic credentials;
-thorough knowledge of Microsoft Excel, XMetaL, SQL, and other current
computer software and applications;
-the ability communicate with industry peers;
-superior attention to detail;
-a desire to work in a fast-paced environment; and
-the ability to work on a flexible schedule.
Prior experience in the legislative branch is strongly preferred. Please note that
while many aspects of this position may be performed remotely, some cannot.
Accordingly, the position requires physical presence in the U.S. Capitol building
on a regular basis.
Applicants may e-mail a resume and cover letter using the word "resume" in the
subject to Mr. Jason Smith, Parliamentarian, at jason.smith@mail.house.gov.

MEM-200-22

The Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. (NC-12) seeks a Staff
Assistant for the Washington, DC office.
Duties will include:

Page 11 of 34

•Managing the front office, answering phones, greeting visitors, scheduling tours,
processing constituent requests and incoming mail, and managing a robust intern
program.
•Assisting the Legislative Correspondent in sorting and batching correspondence,
as well as drafting routine responses.
•Other duties as assigned, including assisting staff on special projects.
Candidates should have superior time management skills, work well under time
constraints, and have excellent communication skills. Multi-tasking, enthusiasm,
good sense of humor, and keen attention to detail are necessary. North Carolina
ties are a plus but not required.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two brief writing
samples along with three references to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov.
Please use STAFF ASSISTANT in the subject line when submitting your
materials. The office is an equal opportunity employer.
MEM-199-22

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a Staff
Assistant/Press Aide to support the Committee with administrative tasks and
assist the Communications team.
The Staff Assistant/Press Aide will be responsible for administrative tasks in the
office including managing the front office, processing constituent mail,
monitoring office deliveries, organizing files, answering phones, greeting
visitors; and other assigned duties, such as tracking legislation or compiling
committee reports.
The Staff Assistant/Press Aide will also help manage and support Committee
hearings. The Staff Assistant/Press Aide will oversee morning clips, help with
updating media lists, and assist the Communications team with other duties
including drafting social media, press releases, remarks, hearing rapid response,
and other items necessary to execute the Committee’s communications strategy.
Additionally, the Staff Assistant/Press Aide will manage the internship program.
The Staff Assistant/Press Aide reports to the Committee Clerk.
Qualified candidates will be extremely organized, detail-oriented, and able to
handle assigned tasks in a fast-paced office. The position requires excellent oral
and written communication skills, a demonstrated ability to constructively work
on a team, a positive attitude, and the ability to anticipate problems and offer
solutions.
A bachelor’s degree and congressional experience is a plus, but neither is
required. One year of relevant volunteer or work experience may be substituted
for each year of education.
Page 12 of 34

In an effort to build a diverse and more inclusive work environment, the
committee strongly encourages veterans, minorities, women, people with
disabilities, and LGBTQ+ candidates to apply. Salary range is $45-$55k,
commensurate with experience.
All candidates are required to complete an Online Application to be considered.
There you can upload your resume, cover letter, and writing sample.
MEM-197-22

A Senior Republican Congressman from Ohio is looking for an experienced
scheduler in his personal office.
This individual will work closely with the Member and Chief of Staff on all
scheduling matters related to Washington and official travel. Qualified candidates
must have prior scheduling experience, a keen attention to detail, and discretion
in handling sensitive. Salary $60k+ with max student loan repayment benefits.
Owning a car is required for this position - parking will be provided.
To apply, please submit resumes to OHRepublicanJobOpps@gmail.com

MEM-196-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a Staff Assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will run the range of assisting the legislative, constituent services
and administrative functions of the office, to include scheduling. The scheduling
duties include but are not limited to managing all aspects of the Congressman’s
daily and long-term schedule in D.C., Hawai‘i and elsewhere. Direct report is to
the Chief of Staff, although the Congressman is routinely involved in all aspects
of his office operations.
Preference given to (1) prior Capitol Hill experience and (2) Hawai‘i background.
Applicants are asked to detail these attributes in their application package. The
position also requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, multitasking, the
ability to work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and
solve problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing
skills, and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-195-22

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
Page 13 of 34

tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $41,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-194-22

Senior California Democrat and member of the Energy and Commerce
Committee looks for a Legislative Assistant to focus on a portfolio of energy,
environment, and climate and handle the Congresswoman’s Energy and
Commerce Energy Subcommittee work and her role as co-chair of the House
Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition (SEEC) and co-chair of the SEEC
Nature and Oceans Task Force.
This role will be focused on natural climate solutions, clean energy, clean
transportation, environmental justice, and energy equity policy. The portfolio will
also likely include women’s issues, immigration work, and potentially a few
other issues.
This is not an entry-level position and Hill experience is strongly preferred, but
not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority applicants are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample in a single PDF
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com

MEM-193-22

Committee Seeks Digital Manager: The Democratic Staff of the House
Committee on Budget is seeking a skilled and motivated Digital Manager to join
the Communications team.
Page 14 of 34

The individual selected will have strong writing skills, experience with graphic
design and video production, and the ability to translate complex issues and
topics for audiences across platforms and medias. This position is based in
Washington, D.C. and will work closely with the Communications Director and
Deputy Communications Director.
Responsibilities include crafting engaging content for all social media channels,
developing graphics and videos, tracking social media analytics, streaming live
events, managing the committee’s website and social media pages, creating social
media toolkits for the caucus as needed, and working with the Communications
team to identify new ways to engage with press and digital audiences. The
position may require work outside standard office hours.
Qualified candidates will have prior digital experience, excellent writing skills, a
keen attention to details, proficiency in graphic design and video production, an
ability to leverage social media and news trends to take advantage of
opportunities for social engagement, and a passion for thinking creatively about
how to translate complex ideas into compelling visuals.
Applicants should also have experience with the Adobe Creative Suite and a
working knowledge of HTML. Ability to work well with others, manage
competing priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines
are a must. The starting salary for this position is $55,000 but is commensurate
with experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume, examples of three digital work
products (graphics and video), and a cover letter describing their fit for the role
to Budget-Democrat.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Digital Manager” in the subject
line by Friday, April 22. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-192-22

The Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark (MA-5) is currently accepting
applications for the position of District Staff Assistant.
The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, processes mail, assists
with constituent casework, drafts correspondence, and performs other
administrative duties as needed. The Staff Assistant is also responsible for
overseeing a robust internship program, including recruiting, interviewing, hiring,
and supervising interns.
This role requires impeccable judgment and the ability to prioritize myriad tasks.
The ideal candidate should be personable, organized, and detail-oriented.
Page 15 of 34

Applicants must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and
the ability to work cooperatively with others.
Office staff are currently working in person, remotely, or in a hybrid model
depending on the needs and safety of the office during the COVID-19 pandemic.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ+ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Essential Job Functions:
•Manages the office intern program, ensuring smooth front office operational
duties
•Works with constituent services representatives to ensure efficient casework
intake using the office’s internal database
•Assists persons who have appointments with the Member or other staff Members
and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the Members’
appointments are on time
•Maintains literature regarding the District and DC offices for distribution to
visitors
•Coordinates the filing and indexing of all correspondence
•Maintains office inventory and signs for deliveries
•Provides orientation and training for new staff
•Supervises the reception desk, mail operations, and administrative files
•Assumes responsibility for overall office appearance and layout
•Maintains the office answering machine or voice mail
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other offices
•Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework or opinions
•Performs other duties as assigned
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing samples
to Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov.
All materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-191-22

Conservative Ohio office seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent for
DC Office. The ideal candidate will be highly motivated, organized, a good
writer and able to handle a variety of projects at the same time.

Page 16 of 34

The successful applicant will be working side by side the office’s other SA / LC
and will together run the DC office’s constituent services – tours, flags, and mail.
Ohio ties preferred, but not required.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Answering phone calls and greeting guests in the office
•Providing tours and training interns to do the same
•Sorting incoming correspondence
•Drafting letters
•Assisting staff in a variety of projects, as assigned
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter with the subject line “Staff
Assistant / Legislative Coordinator– Last Name”
to Midwestern.Job@mail.house.gov.
MEM-185-22

Digital Resident
The House Democratic Caucus is seeking a motivated, detail-oriented Digital
Resident to work full-time in a fast-paced leadership office. Resident will be
primarily responsible for assisting with the execution of digital campaigns and
creating content for various social media platforms.
The residency program will also include an educational work component in
which residents will attend and manage hybrid congressional events, conduct
research, draft internal documents and participate in professional development
sessions. Proficiency with social media platforms, graphic design, video editing
software and other creative design programs (Adobe Creative Cloud, Canva, etc.)
is required.
Ideal applicants will have a professional and positive attitude, a demonstrated
knowledge of House Democrats, proactive problem-solving abilities and strong
writing skills. The term of this paid residency will be from May 2022 to
September 2022. Applicants must be able to work full-time (40 hours per week)
in-person in Washington, D.C. and may occasionally be asked to work additional
morning/evening hours.
Applicants should send one PDF file including their resume, cover letter, digital
portfolio/samples along with three professional references
to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “APPLICANT
NAME Summer 2022 Digital Residency Application.” Women, people of color,
LGBTQIA+ individuals, veterans and those with disabilities are encouraged to
apply.
The deadline to submit applications is Friday, April 29, 2022 at 5:00 p.m. ET. No
drop-ins or calls, please.

Page 17 of 34

MEM-184-22

SUMMARY:
District Office Outreach Coordinator
Field Representatives play a critical forward-facing role in the Member’s district
office. Their responsibilities include serving as the Member’s community
representative. This includes monitoring and updating the Member and District
Director on important local issues, emerging trends, and critical developments.
They work with Constituent Service Director and the broader field team to ensure
effective communication with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
•Builds and maintains relationships with identified constituents and key
community leaders and stakeholders
•Maintains and manages the Engagement Database
•Ensures outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
•Serves as a representative for the Member on boards and commissions as
determined by the District Director
•Coordinates closely with the District Director and D.C. staff to ensure district
priorities are reflective in legislative priorities
•Informs the District Director and the Member on up-and-coming issues in the
district
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least a bachelor’s degree in Government Affairs, Business, Social Work, or
related field OR in lieu of a Bachelor's degree, 3-5 years of relevant work
experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Familiarity with Maryland 7th Congressional District
•Expertise in developing and maintaining relationships with constituents and
community leaders
•Political savvy and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong decision-making skills
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate
•Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy
•Frequent In-District travel
Applicants should submit resumes to md07resumes@mail.house.gov

MEM-183-22

District Office Constituent Service Representative
Page 18 of 34

SUMMARY:
The District Office Caseworker acts a constituent liaison for the Member. This
position also monitors and updates the Member and District Director on district
and local issues. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local
agencies for the Member and constituents and answers casework correspondence
and verbal communications with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
▪Handles a dedicated portfolio of casework assignments;
▪Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
▪Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
▪Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
▪Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Member;
▪Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Legislative Director.
▪Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
▪Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
▪Trains and supervises Staff Assistants, including interns, to handle office matters
such as logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors,
telephone calls, and computer operations;
▪Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
▪Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
▪Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
▪Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
▪Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
▪Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
▪Works under pressure and handles stress;
▪Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
▪Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least 2 years of experience; strong academic credentials. Alternatively, 5 years
of related experience or training in legislation or equivalent similar experience.

Page 19 of 34

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
▪Strong oral and written communication skills;
▪Strong knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments;
▪Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
▪Professional telephone manner;
▪Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
▪Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
▪Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
▪Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
▪Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
▪Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
▪Knowledge of office computer applications; and
▪Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
▪Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate.
▪Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
Applicants should submit resumes to md07resumes@mail.house.gov
MEM-182-22

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for an investigative counsel position.
The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members
and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives.
This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to conduct impartial
investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications skills, as well as
the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before
the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics;
campaign finance; criminal law; employment law, including the laws governing
sexual harassment in the workplace; civil litigation; administrative investigations
and adjudications; depositions; and financial accounting. Salary commensurate
with experience.

Page 20 of 34

Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel”
in the subject line.
MEM-180-22

Democratic Congressman seeks a Staff Assistant/Press Assistant. Staff
Assistant responsibilities include: answering phones, greeting visitors when the
office reopens, managing tour and flag requests, sorting/batching correspondence,
drafting letters and providing administrative and legislative support as needed.
Press Assistant responsibilities include: compiling press clips,
drafting/monitoring social media posts, designing graphics and web content and
other press duties as assigned. Applicants must have strong writing skills and be a
detail oriented team player. Maryland ties and knowledge of Intertrac or IQ are a
plus.
Interested applicants should e-mail 1) a resume, 2) a cover letter, and 3) two brief
writing samples to employment@mail.house.gov with the subject “Staff
Assistant/Press Assistant: LAST NAME.”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, veterans, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-179-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking an experienced Staff
Assistant for his Honolulu district office.
Duties include but are not limited to greeting visitors and answering constituent
calls and requests for general information, tours and other inquiries. This position
also is responsible for a wide variety of administrative duties and acts as a liaison
to the federal, district and local government agencies on behalf of the
Congressman on requests by constituents for assistance with individual issues.
Direct report to the Deputy Chief of Staff in the Honolulu office, although the
position also interacts directly with the Congressman and his Washington, D.C.
office.
Very strong preference given to (1) prior experience, especially in comparable
duties and (2) Hawai‘i background/community involvement and applicants are
asked to detail these attributes. The position also requires initiative, strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and effectively
under pressure, make decisions and solve problems, orientation to detail,
excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and long and unpredictable
hours.

Page 21 of 34

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-177-22

The Office of Congressman Mark Takano is seeking an organized, detail-oriented
individual to serve in the position of Staff Assistant/Digital Assistant in our
Riverside District Office.
As Staff Assistant, this person will provide administrative support to the District
Director, recruit and manage the office interns, greet visitors, answer phones,
respond to constituent requests for services including casework claims, and staff
the Congressman at events, some of which will be during the evening or
weekend.
As Digital Assistant, they will help maintain the office’s digital media presence,
draft content, design graphics and edit video. An ideal candidate will have
experience with graphic design software and video editing.
The Office of Congressman Mark Takano is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin,
age, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. The salary range for the
position is $42,000 to $50,000 commensurate with experience.
To apply, please send a resume to CA41.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-176-22

Press Secretary
The House Judiciary Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated and
hardworking communications professional to join a fast-paced communications
team to help manage communications for the full committee and subcommittees.
Responsibilities include drafting communications materials (news releases,
statements, talking points, etc.); managing public notices for the Committee and
Subcommittee’s work, helping with press inquiries; maintaining media
directories of reporters who cover the committee; and coordinating with the
Committee’s communications team and staff of committee members.
Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral communication skills;
the ability to comprehend and summarize complex legislation quickly; a proven
ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks; and sound
political judgment. Candidates should have at least 2 years of relevant experience.
Prior Hill or campaign experience, as well as familiarity with judiciary issues is
preferred.

Page 22 of 34

The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to Job.Jdem@mail.house.gov. Please include “Press Secretary” in the
subject line.
MEM-173-22

Congressman Ruben Gallego (AZ-07) seeks an enthusiastic, people-oriented, and
dependable professional to serve as a Field Representative/ Caseworker in his
Phoenix District Office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: establishing and maintaining
relationships with local organizations, businesses and community leaders on
behalf of the Congressman; monitoring District and local issues; acting as liaison
to federal agencies; handling casework; managing special projects; and assisting
with events and other activities as assigned.
Travel throughout the district is required, thus the candidate must have a valid
driver’s license, reliable transportation, and appropriate automobile insurance.
The Field Representative/ Caseworker must be a dedicated, hard-working, team
player. Prior experience in government, the nonprofit sector, community or
grassroots organizing is preferred.
Applicants should have a service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills,
and proficiency at prioritizing and managing multiple projects at one time.
Applicants must demonstrate a capacity to work both independently and as part
of a team, and possess strong written and oral communications skills. A working
knowledge of Arizona’s 7th Congressional District is preferred and Spanish
speaking and writing skills are a plus.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a list of three
references to: lynn.cordova@mail.house.gov.

MEM-172-22

Rep. Kathy Castor (FL-14) seeks a collaborative and creative Digital Assistant to
join her Tampa district office.
Ideal candidates are team-oriented, self-motivated, and resourceful. Successful
applicants will write well, be proficient in graphic design and video production,
Page 23 of 34

able to work under deadline, proactive and a strategic thinker who works well
with others.
This staff position reports to the DC-based Communications Director.
RESPONSIBILITES
•Create weekly social media plans in collaboration with Communications
Director
•Create graphics for social media, newsletters, visual presentations and mail that
effectively communicate an idea or policy clearly
•Manage livestreaming, photography and videography at district events
•Oversee regular updates to the Congresswoman’s website
•Monitor social media and media reports regarding legislative, national and local
issues
•Produce video content to share on social media and with local stakeholders
•Other duties as assigned
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
•Proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite, Canva or other design programs required
•Candidates with ties to Florida are strongly encouraged to apply
•Spanish language proficiency is a plus but not required
The Office of Congresswoman Kathy Castor is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. We strongly value the
diversity of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds
to apply, including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA
community. Newly graduated college students with an interest in public service
are encouraged to apply.
TO APPLY: Email cover letter, resume, one writing sample, two graphic design
samples, and 2-3 references to FLDem.Resume@gmail.com with the subject line
“[Last Name, First Name] Digital Assistant.” Please no unsolicited drop-ins,
phone calls, or emails to the office.
MEM-170-22

JOB DESCRIPTION: DIGITAL DIRECTOR/PRESS SECRETARY
OFFICE OF CONGRESSMAN MONDAIRE JONES
To apply, please visit this link: Digital Director/Press Secretary Application
(airtable.com)
ABOUT MONDAIRE:
Mondaire Jones is the 34-year-old Congressman from New York’s 17th District,
serving Rockland and Westchester Counties. He serves on the House Judiciary,
Education and Labor, and Ethics Committees and is the first openly gay, Black
Page 24 of 34

member of Congress.
He also serves as Freshman Representative to Leadership, the youngest member
of the Democratic House leadership team, Deputy Whip of the Congressional
Progressive Caucus, and Co-Chair of the LGBTQ Equality Caucus. A product of
East Ramapo public schools, Mondaire was raised in Section 8 housing and on
food stamps in the Village of Spring Valley by a single mother who worked
multiple jobs to provide for their family.
He later graduated from Stanford University, worked at the Department of Justice
during the Obama Administration, and graduated from Harvard Law School. He
is a co-founder of the nonprofit Rising Leaders, Inc. and has previously served on
the NAACP’s National Board of Directors and on the board of the New York
Civil Liberties Union. Most recently, Mondaire worked as a litigator in the
Westchester County Law Department. Mondaire was born and raised in Rockland
and resides in Westchester.
WHAT YOU WILL DO:
The Digital Director/Press Secretary will serve as an integral part of the
communications team. They will:
•Monitor national and local media coverage
•Partner with the team to draft, post, and monitor social media accounts and
messages
•Oversee digital media analytics and monitor social media performance
•Coordinate digital advertising
•Support the drafting of press releases, media advisories, op-eds, and newsletters
•Produce graphics, videos, and other digital media messages
•Liaise with local and national press
•Collaborate on short and long-term media strategy for the team
WHAT YOU BRING:
•Strong commitment to Mondaire’s mission and values
•Previous experience in digital communications
•Excellent organization
•Exceptional attention to detail
•Great communication skills
•Strong computer skills — ability to learn and adopt new technologies and
systems
•Ability to be discreet with sensitive information
APPLICATION PROCESS:
Please begin by filling out this form via the following link: Digital Director/Press
Secretary Application (airtable.com)
From there, the process is as follows:
•Zoom Interview with the Chief of Staff and Communications Director (30
minutes)
Page 25 of 34

•Zoom Interview with Senior Staff (30 minutes)
•Timed Written Exercise (1-2 hours)
•Final Zoom Interview with Mondaire (30 minutes)
Please note that you will have time to ask questions during each of the interview
stages — we want to ensure that you have a chance to learn more about this role
throughout the process!
LOCATION AND COMPENSATION:
The position will be based in our Washington, DC office, with ample travel
opportunities to New York. We are flexible with remote work on non-session
days.
Salary ranges from $70-80,000, commensurate with experience. Benefits include
health insurance coverage and up to $833 per month in student loan repayment.
INCLUSION STATEMENT:
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals
with disabilities throughout the interview and employment process, including
using our online system to apply for a position.
MEM-165-22

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff —Senior Counsel (District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks
to fill a Senior Counsel position on the Democratic staff. Several years of
investigative or litigation experience is required.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
managing congressional investigations and hearings. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must
have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and
possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Senior Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter
with the file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume”
and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or dropins, please.

Page 26 of 34

MEM-164-22

The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks
an attorney with several years of investigative or litigation experience for a
Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
In this role, you will work with a team of energetic and supportive colleagues and
manage all aspects of high-profile congressional investigations. Potential day-today work includes drafting letters, negotiating with counsel, conducting
depositions and transcribed interviews, preparing reports and memoranda,
briefing the Chairwoman and other Committee Members, and organizing
congressional hearings.
Previous Hill experience helpful but not required. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must
have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and
possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the
file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.

MEM-162-22

Representative Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks Staff Assistant for his Washington,
DC office.
This position is responsible for managing the front desk, answering the DC office
phones, operating the DC office internship program, coordinating constituents’
tour and flag requests, and handling other administrative duties of the office as
needed.
The staff member in this role interacts regularly with constituents and should
have a friendly, helpful demeanor. The ideal candidate should have strong written
and verbal communications skills, extreme attention to detail, and a positive
attitude. A working knowledge of legislative issues is a plus.
This staff member should also be a self-starter who likes to solve problems and
works well with a team. Strong organizational skills and a passion for helping
others are essential to this role.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
a list of three references to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov. Please send all
materials in one PDF document. Incomplete applications will not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
Page 27 of 34

expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees
and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-161-22

The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and Citizenship seeks a hardworking lawyer with significant experience in immigration and nationality law to
serve as legislative counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Judiciary Committee on matters involving immigration law and policy; drafting
legislation; coordinating hearings and witnesses; preparing Members for hearings
and markups; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and providing
guidance to other offices within the Democratic Caucus on immigration-related
matters.
A strong background in immigration law and policy is required. Exceptional
writing skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work closely and
collaboratively with other congressional offices and advocacy organizations are
essential. The ideal candidate will have Capitol Hill experience and a minimum
of five years of experience in immigration law.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Immigration Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-157-22

Congressman Wittman is seeking a Director of Operations and Scheduler based
out of his Washington, D.C. office.
The Director of Operations position will guarantee continued excellence in
constituent services through overseeing a collaborative and strategic scheduling
operation, ensuring a one-stop-shop model for all DC constituent interactions,
maximizing each dollar of the Members Representational Allowance (MRA) in
serving the constituents of the First District, and through taking a larger role
overall in office strategy and goalsetting.
The Director of Operations maintains the Congressman's schedule, travel plans,
and related records. This position acts as a liaison for the Congressman with the
staff, public, industry, Members of Congress, and Administration officials.
The Director of Operations is also the financial point of contact for the office
responsible for: tracking bills and vendor contracts, creating vouchers for
Page 28 of 34

payment by the Finance office, tracking and submitted Member and staff
reimbursements, keeping equipment inventory current and well documented,
recommending year end equipment and supply purchases to the Chief and
Member, maintaining and submitting all travel and purchase card statements, and
making sure the office complies with all ethics criteria.
This position also supervises the staff assistant and front office operations and
coordinates with the Staff Assistant on the hiring, training, and maintenance of
the intern program. This is not an entry level position and previous Capitol Hill,
or executive assistant experience is strongly preferred.
Ideal candidates should be organized with an exceptional attention to detail and
be able to handle a fast-paced and demanding work environment. In addition,
candidates should possess strong people skills with the temperament to
communicate with a variety of personalities in a pleasant and professional
manner. Virginia ties a plus.
Email resume and cover letter to with “Wittman Director of Operations” in the
subject line to Carolyn.King@mail.house.gov.
MEM-149-22

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active and
visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework distribution;
answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings, condolences and
congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities may also include
casework assignments if the District Director finds that the staff assistant can take
on such work while paying the required attention to his/her already assigned
tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting, training,
scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move
immediately to D.C., if hired.
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov

MEM-080-22

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR –The bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus
(PSC) seeks an innovative, strategic, and experienced communications director
based in Washington, D.C. The staff member in this position proactively
promotes and helps build the Caucus’s national image and manage its press,
social media, website, and communications operations.
Page 29 of 34

The communications director works closely with the executive director, PSC cochairs, and member office staff to carry out assigned duties. This position is
responsible for helping plan, draft, and coordinate communications activities to
advance caucus priorities, including pitching stories, developing social media
content, writing press releases, and maintaining positive working relationships
with members of the media. The communications director organizes Caucus press
conferences, coordinates outside speaking requests, produces caucus-oriented
talking points, and works collaboratively with member offices.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least two years of
previous communications experience, including Capitol Hill experience and
relationships with the congressional press corps. A disposition aligned with the
caucus mission of breaking the gridlock in Congress by promoting bipartisan,
bicameral collaboration and policies is essential.
Candidates must possess strong writing, communication, and organizational
skills, digital and social media savviness, creativity, and the ability to work with
members and their staff under tight deadlines. Candidates should also be familiar
with graphic design, website and social media design, videography, and
constructing and conveying messages to a national audience through print,
television, and digital media.
Salary range for this position is $50,000 to $58,000 plus benefits. The Problem
Solvers Caucus is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, national origin, or military status.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and at least two professional references
to Jaclyn.ODay@mail.house.gov, with the subject line “PSC Communications
Director.”
MEM-069-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks a Press Media
Secretary based in the DC office to work closely with the Communications
Director, based in the district office to develop and execute the Congressman’s
communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and Means, Armed
Services, and Budget committees.
The Press Media Secretary must be and stay up to date with the latest digital,
technical, and social media trends. Able to express the Congressman's voice
creatively and promote social media presence, ensuring high web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines. This position serves as a
part of the Communications team and reports directly to the Director of
Page 30 of 34

Communications based in the district, however, this person will be the main point
of contact in the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
• Acts as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Managing the Congressman’s social media platforms, developing a weekly
content calendar, and drafting rapid response content during breaking news
moments.
• Maintaining the Congressman’s website and drafting new website content
covering key policy issues.
• Preparing daily press clip summaries and monitoring the Congressman’s media
mentions.
• Writing a weekly newsletter, creating digital ads, and participating in other
efforts to keep constituents of Nevada’s Fourth District informed about the work
of a busy Congressional office.
• Helping to plan and staff communications-focused events for the Congressman,
both in-district and in Washington D.C.
• Writing short-form speeches and video scripts and preparing video clips of the
Congressman for public distribution.
• Building relationships with allies and online influencers to amplify
Congressman Horsford’s digital message and expand his online reach.
• Perform all other duties as required
The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work closely with
legislative and district staff. The ideal candidate will have experience in or
interest in learning about aspects of the office’s traditional press operations,
including writing press releases, drafting talking points and speeches, forming
relationships with members of the media, and pitching stories.
This is an ideal position for someone with 1-2 years of communications or digital
experience. Applicants must be passionate about public service, well-organized,
and have the ability to work on weekends and holidays when necessary.
Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other
languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply. Experience
with video editing and graphic design is also a plus. Nevada ties are a plus, but
not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, three writing samples, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Press/Media Secretary” in the subject
line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
Page 31 of 34

MEM-594-21

Job Announcement: Field Representative
Southern California Republican Member of the House
Are you looking for an exciting and fast-paced career in public service? A
Southern California Republican has an immediate need to hire a full-time Field
Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to
join our high-energy team.
Basic Functions
The Field Representative serves an important role in the Member’s Congressional
District, acting as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents. They are responsible for strengthening community
relations and assessing casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or
Congressional oversight.
Duties
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative briefs the Member in preparation for district meetings with
constituents and acts as the representative for the Member by attending events
and meetings. This includes public speaking and certificate presentations. The
Field Representative will:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
•Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
•Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
Requirements
•Expertise developing and executing a community relations strategy
•Experience in maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders
•Political savvy and comfort navigating complicated situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including nights and
weekends
•Constituent service oriented; patient empathetic, with a desire to help
constituents
Position Qualifications/Education
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with Orange County is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline

Page 32 of 34

Salary starts at $3,500 per month. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to
Stephanie Hu, District Director
Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-539-21

Nevada’s 4th District Democratic Member of Congress seeks a highly organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for a position in our North Las Vegas,
Nevada District office. Candidates must be comfortable working with the public,
have excellent oral and written communication skills, problem solving abilities.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests, answering
phones, conducting tours, overseeing an active mail program;
•Sorting/batching correspondence, drafting correspondence and ensuring a swift
turnaround time;
•Responding to constituent mail, keeping abreast of legislative developments, and
meeting with constituent groups;
•Assisting District Representatives as needed, and
•Perform all other duties as assigned and required
The ideal candidate will be/must have:
•Passionate about public service and committed to democratic values;
•Strong writing, communication skills and be detail-oriented;
•Have advanced experience with spreadsheets and forms,
•A poised, confident, self-starter, and team-player with a sense of humor; and
•The ability to work in a high-paced environment.
•The ability work weekends and holidays
•Have reliable transportation, auto insurance and a clean driving record
•Currently enrolled in an ungraduated degree program at a college or university
or have a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in the related fields of human services
or social work, and a minimum of one-year relevant experience in community or
human services.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Spanish language skills and District ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, one writing sample and
three professional references in a single PDF file. Email submissions to the

Page 33 of 34

Director of Administration, nv04resume@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-DSA-2 __last name, First name".

Page 34 of 34

