House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 29, 2018

MEM-146-18

North Carolina House Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant for Washington, DC
office. Duties will include managing the front office, serving as tour
coordinator, greeting constituents and meetings, managing a robust internship
program, and handling other administrative duties as they arise, including
processing mail and faxes. Candidates should have superior time management
skills, work well under time constraints, and have excellent communication
skills. Multi-tasking, enthusiasm, good sense of humor, and keen attention to
detail are necessary. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume,
and two brief writing samples along with three references to
nchousejobs@gmail.com. The office is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-145-18

Representative Tim Walz (MN-01) seeks a Staff Assistant to join his
Washington, DC staff. The Staff Assistant will be responsible for managing
the front office, receiving visitors and telephone calls, supervising interns,
completing flag and tour requests, and performing other administrative,
legislative, and communications tasks as required. Successful candidates will
demonstrate an understanding and adherence to the servant-leader model; a
high degree of professionalism; strong writing, organizational, and
Page 1 of 6

interpersonal skills; an ability to take initiative in a dynamic, fast-paced
environment; and a positive, collegial attitude. Capitol Hill experience and
Minnesota ties are not required, but they are preferred. Interested candidates
should send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and three professional
references to Walz.Resumes@mail.house.gov. Representative Walz is an
equal opportunity employer.

MEM-144-18

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative assistant with a background in law to join our
Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will
be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-143-18

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a professional and
dynamic executive assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The executive assistant will be responsible for efficient and accurate
management of all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term schedule,
meeting logistics, maintaining files and drafting correspondence, greeting
visitors, answering phones, and contributing to other miscellaneous projects
as needed. The person also will be involved in scheduling staff meetings and
briefings, and helping constituents with their visits to Washington, DC,
among other duties.

Page 2 of 6

The successful applicant will be personable, organized, flexible, and calm
under pressure. The applicant must possess excellent communication and
time-management skills, a sense of urgency and the ability to work
independently with sound judgment and minimal direction, and the ability to
work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Two years of experience in an
administrative or scheduling role is preferred, although Hill experience is not
required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "executive assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-142-18

The office of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz is seeking a
Legislative Assistant to handle health care, women, seniors, and other related
issues. Responsibilities include but are not limited to advising the Member on
all matters in the issue portfolio; developing and advancing policy proposals;
drafting vote recommendations and talking points for related floor and
committee proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; and
representing the Member before constituents and stakeholders. The ideal
candidate will have previous work expertise in the issue areas, prior
experience advising a Member of Congress and advancing policy proposals;
excellent written and verbal communication skills; and an eagerness to work
in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Florida ties are a plus.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to
FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Legislative Assistant.”
Please save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name
the file “Last name, First name.” This office is an equal opportunity
employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age,
religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or
gender identity or expression.
Application materials must be received by 12:00 pm ET on June 15, 2018.

MEM-141-18

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active
and visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework
distribution; answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings,
condolences and congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities
Page 3 of 6

may also include casework assignments if the District Director finds that the
staff assistant can take on such work while paying the required attention to
his/her already assigned tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern
coordinator by recruiting, training, scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move
immediately to D.C., if hired.
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience
level. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and
two writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-139-18

Senior Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior Legislative
Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the Financial
Services Committee and other issues. Candidates should have substantial
experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional
experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral
communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced
environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply, please e-mail a
cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
financeservicesla@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-138-18

Member of Democratic Leadership Seeks Exceptional Press
Assistant/Digital Director
Candidates must be meticulous, measured and savvy enough to excel in a fastpaced press operation. Must have prior experience in a political office or public
relations agency. Campaign experience is a plus.
Required
•
•
•
•

Remarkable video editing skills (should know Photoshop, Illustrator,
Gimp or Canva)
Strong storytelling ability
Superior research skills
Ability to write with exceptional grammar and syntax

Duties
•
•
•
•
•

Compiling daily clips and briefing materials
Assisting with drafting press releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds,
speeches and other materials
Building out and managing press lists
Creating compelling social media content (videos, graphics)
Maintaining the office’s website social media pages
Page 4 of 6

•
•

•

Creating/editing issue-specific videos
Monitoring the Congressman’s presence and interactions on social
media, keeping press staff up-to-date on trends and important
conversations happening online
Taking photos/video at events and assisting with the production of
livestreamed events

Contact
Please submit your resume, one writing sample and one digital sample to
newyork08resumes@gmail.com with “Press Assistant/Digital Director” in the
subject line.
MEM-136-18

Senior Hill Republican seeks enthusiastic, entrepreneurial digital strategist.
Ideal candidate is proficient in graphic design, photography, videography,
video editing, and use of social media. Please send resumes/portfolios
to digitalresumes123@gmail.com.

MEM-134-18

Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on
Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Office of Advice
and Education. The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are
responsible for providing a high volume of ethics advice, education, and
training to Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone
calls, in-person meetings, and written work product. This is a non-partisan
position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally
and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess
outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well as
the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise
before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is
desirable: government ethics; ethics counseling and training; corporate
finance; securities law; employment law, including the laws governing sexual
harassment in the workplace; and criminal law. Salary commensurate with
experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-132-18

California Congressman and Member on the Education and Workforce
Committee seeks Legislative Assistant to handle education policy along with
a diverse portfolio of issues. Candidates should have excellent research,
writing, and communication skills. Duties include identifying and advancing
policy proposals, committee hearing and mark-up preparation, meetings with
stakeholders, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Successful
candidates should possess strong interpersonal skills and a willingness to
work in a team environment. This is not an entry level position and prior
legislative experience on Capitol Hill is preferred. Office is an equal
opportunity employer.
Page 5 of 6

Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
to CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.
MEM-131-18

Congresswoman Debbie Dingell, MI-12, is seeking an experienced and
proactive Communications Director to lead media and outreach efforts in
her Washington, DC office. The Communications Director will oversee the
planning and implementation of overall media strategy and manage the dayto-day communications operation. Responsibilities include but are not limited
to working with local and national reporters, proactively engaging in media
outreach, managing online communications and writing press releases,
speeches and op-eds. The Communications Director will work collaboratively
with legislative and district staff and closely with the Member and must
possess strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to work
effectively in a fast-paced setting.
This is a very senior level position, and a minimum of two years of
communications experience as a press secretary or communications director is
required. Qualified candidates may send their resume, cover letter and two
writing samples to MI12.CommsDirector@mail.house.gov. Applications
must be received by COB on Friday, May 4.

MEM-130-18

Senior Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior Legislative
Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the Financial
Services Committee and other issues. Candidates should have substantial
experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional
experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral
communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced
environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply, please e-mail a
cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
financeservicesla@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-129-18

New York, Long Island House Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant for
Washington, DC office. Duties will include managing front office operations,
acting as tour coordinator, managing internship program, special event &
meeting coordination, managing tracking systems for legislative and
correspondence, and acting as the office’s technological point person.
Candidates should have excellent communication skills, work well under
pressure in a fast-paced environment, and be a team player. Multi-tasking,
enthusiasm, good sense of humor, and keen attention to detail are necessities.
Long Island/New York City ties are preferred. Please send resume and cover
letter to NY03.resumes@gmail.com.

Page 6 of 6

