Click each button to ﬁnd your next career opportunity!
Member and Committee O9ices

Internship Opportunities

Member and Committee Openings
Week of [October, 14, 2024]
MEM-425-24
The office of Rep. Greg Landsman seeks a highly motivated, energetic, and
organized individual to serve as a Legislative Correspondent, based in our DC
office.
The LC reports to the Legislative Director and works in close collaboration with
the Member, Chief of Staff, and communications and district teams. The LC will
manage the Congressman’s constituent mail program and provide support to
the full legislative team.
Key duties include:
Drafting tailored letters in response to constituent inquiries
Maintain and update current response letter library
Sorts/batches incoming constituent mail by issue area
Ensures accurate batching and a timely response to all constituents
Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups as needed
Communicating clearly and consistently with the Legislative Director, Chief of
Staff, and Member
Key qualities include:
Strong verbal and written communications skills and ability to communicate
both up and down within the team
Excellent organizational skills and ability to prioritize assignments
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and quickly respond to requests
from the Member and the team
Commitment to a collaborative work environment
Ability to quickly learn and adapt to the Congressman’s voice, style, and
legislative priorities
Comfort with receiving and delivering feedback
Attention to detail, creativity, and most of all, hustle.

Salary range is $50,000 - $55,000, commensurate with experience. Title
commensurate with experience.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Ohio ties are a
plus. The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please
email jobs.landsman@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Correspondent” in the
subject line and the following application materials attached as one combined
PDF:
• Cover letter
• Résumé
• Brief writing sample
• Two references including name, current title and organization, phone
number, email, and a one-sentence description of your relationship to
the reference (we will not contact these references without reaching out
to you for your approval)
No phone calls or drop bys, please.

MEM-424-24
The office of Rep. Greg Landsman seeks a highly motivated, energetic, and
detail-oriented individual to serve as a Legislative Aide, based in our DC
office.
The Legislative Aide reports to the Legislative Director and works in close
collaboration with the Member, Chief of Staff, and communications and district
teams. Exact issue area portfolio is flexible, and applicants with backgrounds in
any issue area are encouraged to apply.
Key duties include:
Preparing and staffing the Member for meetings
Working with committee staff, external stakeholders, Legislative Counsel, and
the Congressional Research Service to draft legislation based on the Member’s
priorities
Creating vote recommendations on legislation coming to the Floor within a
given issue area
Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the
portfolio of issue areas

Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Chief of Staff, and
legislative, communications, and district teams on legislative updates
Overseeing special projects, that may include drafting letters of support, and
researching and advising local stakeholders on federal funding/grant
opportunities
Key qualities include:
Strong verbal and written communications skills and ability to communicate
both up and down within the team
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and quickly respond to requests
from the Member and the team
Commitment to a collaborative work environment
Ability to quickly learn and adapt to the Congressman’s voice, style, and
legislative priorities
Comfort with receiving and delivering feedback
Attention to detail, creativity, and most of all, hustle
The salary for this position is $65,000.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Ohio ties are a
plus. The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please email
jobs.landsman@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Aide” in the subject line and
attach the following application materials as one combined PDF:
• Cover letter
• Résumé
• Two references including name, current title and organization, phone
number, email, and a one-sentence description of your relationship to
the reference (we will not contact these references without reaching out
to you for your approval)
No phone calls or drop bys, please.

MEM-422-24
Background:
U.S. Rep. Max Miller (OH-07) seeks to hire a Legislative Correspondent for his
Washington, D.C. office in a full-time capacity.
Job Expectations:
The Legislative Correspondent will research legislative issues and draft

correspondence to explain the Member’s position to constituents and other
stakeholders on a variety of public policy matters. The Legislative
Correspondent will also attend meetings with constituents and provide support
for Committee hearings and markups.
Salary Level/Range:
Dependent upon skills and experience.
Job Duties:
• Research legislative issues and draft correspondence to explain the Member's
position on public policy matters to constituents and other stakeholders
• Collaborate with the legislative staff to design and implement the Member's
legislative strategy
• Consult with the Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants to ensure the
Member's library of legislative letters are accurate, up to date, and reflective of
the Member's policy positions
• Create and maintain a collection of prepared responses to address general
legislative inquiries
• Draft and edit tailored responses to answer constituent inquiries
• Ensure that legislative responses are completed timely to maintain
outstanding constituent relations
• Attend legislative meetings with constituents to assist with Committee
hearings and markups
• Organize workload to prioritize tasks and ensure work is completed in an
efficient and effective manner
• Track legislation through committees, House floor, Senate, and conference
committee processes
• Coordinate with the legislative staff to act as a liaison with constituents,
interest groups, committees, and agency staff.
• Complete special projects as assigned by senior staff
Essential Skills:
• Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles; easily
considers new approaches.
• Attention to Detail: Performs work thoroughly and accurately; acts
conscientiously when attending to detail.
• Constituent / Stakeholder Service Driven: Anticipates and meets the needs of
constituents. Delivers high-quality products and services.
• Interpersonal Skills: Develops and maintains effective relationships with
others from diverse backgrounds and in different situations. Shows
understanding, courtesy, tact, empathy, and politeness.
• Verbal Communication: Makes clear and convincing oral presentations that
are appropriate to listeners and situations. Listens effectively, attends to
nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.

• Written Communication: Writes cogently and succinctly to convey
information in the most efficient and effective manner possible for use by the
Member, other staff, and stakeholders
Preferences:
• Bachelor's degree
• Demonstrated interest in public service
• Tie to Ohio
Applicant Instructions:
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume and cover letter to
MaxMillerOhioResumes@gmail.com with the specific subject line: “[Applicant
name] – Legislative Correspondent Application.” Resumes submitted by other
means will not be considered. Applicants who advance during the recruitment
process will be required to submit a writing sample, the topic of which will be
provided by the office.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.

MEM-419-24
Background:
U.S. Rep. Max Miller (OH-07) seeks to hire a StaD Assistant for his Washington, D.C. ogice
in a full-time capacity.
Job Expectations:
The Stag Assistant will be expected to manage the front ogice during ogice hours, respond
to Capitol and White House tour requests, arrange and conduct tours, fulﬁll requests for
ﬂags, support the district ogice with administrative ogice needs, and assist the D.C. ogice
stag with work as assigned. Additionally, the Stag Assistant will manage the D.C. ogice
intern program, including providing direct supervision of interns.
Salary Level/Range:
$45,000 or commensurate with skills and experience.
Job Duties:
• Greet constituents and ogice visitors to provide a welcoming environment and a positive
ﬁrst impression of the ogice
• Field incoming calls and capture constituent requests to ensure consideration by the
Member ogice
• Maintain literature regarding the district and House ogices to distribute to visitors
• Work closely with the Member's Scheduler to ensure smooth execution of calendared

events
• Monitor and organize requests for assistance to ensure that they are directed to the
appropriate stag member in a timely manner
• Sign for deliveries and forward all materials delivered to ensure timely and appropriate
handling
• Assist with constituent ﬂag requests, tours of the Capitol, and arranging visits to other
national landmarks to assist with constituent relations
• Assist the ogice systems manager to process constituent mail
• Purchase supplies for the ogice from the House Ogice Supply store to maintain ogice
equipment
• Complete special projects as assigned by senior stag
• Perform general administrative assignments as assigned to assist the ogice stag with
work
Essential Skills:
• Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles; easily considers new
approaches.
• Attention to Detail: Performs work thoroughly and accurately; acts conscientiously when
attending to detail.
• Constituent / Stakeholder Service Driven: Anticipates and meets the needs of
constituents. Delivers high-quality products and services.
• Interpersonal Skills: Develops and maintains egective relationships with others from
diverse backgrounds and in digerent situations. Shows understanding, courtesy, tact,
empathy, and politeness.
• Verbal Communication: Makes clear and convincing oral presentations that are
appropriate to listeners and situations. Listens egectively, attends to nonverbal cues, and
responds appropriately.
• Written Communication: Writes cogently and succinctly to convey information in the
most egicient and egective manner possible for use by the Member, other stag, and
stakeholders
Preferences:
• Bachelor's degree
• Demonstrated interest in public service
• Tie to Ohio is preferred
Applicant Instructions:
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume and cover letter
to MaxMillerOhioResumes@gmail.com with the speciﬁc subject line: “[Applicant name] –
Stag Assistant Application.” Resumes submitted by other means will not be considered.
Applicants who advance during the recruitment process will be required to submit a writing
sample, the topic of which will be provided by the ogice.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including

marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-415-24
JOB SUMMARY
The Office of Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) seeks a dynamic and experienced
Communications Director to lead the development and implementation of
communication strategies that promote the Member's priorities and initiatives.
The ideal candidate will have a strong background in media relations, public
affairs, and strategic messaging, as well as the ability to work collaboratively
with legislative and district teams.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Develop and implement comprehensive communication strategies for the
Member.
•Oversee media relations, including drafting press releases and managing
inquiries.
•Coordinate communications efforts with legislative initiatives.
•Craft speeches, op-eds, and other written materials.
•Manage social media presence and digital communications.
•Work closely with the Chief of Staff and Legislative Director to align
messaging.
•Monitor and analyze media coverage of the Member and relevant issues.
•Serve as the primary spokesperson for the Member.
•Train and prepare the Member for public appearances and interviews.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Bachelor’s degree in Communications, Public Relations, or a related field.
•5+ years of experience in communications, media relations, or public affairs.
•Strong writing and editing skills with attention to detail.
•Experience working in a fast-paced political environment.
•Familiarity with social media platforms and digital communication strategies.
•Ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines effectively.
•Strong interpersonal and team collaboration skills.
•Knowledge of current legislative issues and their impact on constituents.
•Familiarity with California and/or District 43 preferred.
SALARY
•Commensurate with experience.
APPLICANT INSTRUCTIONS:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and at least 3
references to ellis.mcginnis@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in

the subject line. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered. This office is an equal
opportunity employer.

MEM-411-24
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – The Office of Congressman John Garamendi
seeks an experienced Communications Director.
The Communications Director will design and execute a communications plan
to elevate the Representative and better connect him with his constituents.
This will include but is not exclusive to drafting press releases, authoring opeds, pitching and coordinating earned media, overseeing social media content
and strategy, creating direct constituent mail, and telephone town halls. The
role will also directly manage and mentor two other communications staff
members.
This is not an entry-level position; a strong background in communications is
required. Exceptional candidates will have significant earned media
experience, management experience, and writing in with a strong prospective.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based
on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ+
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and
other members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. Our office is a tightknit community, and we are also
looking for someone who can continue to foster that environment and
encourage cross-talent collaboration.
Applications are requested by October 14th but will be considered on a rolling
basis. To apply, please email ca08.jobs@mail.house.gov with Communications
Director Applicant in the subject line and the following application materials
attached as one combined PDF: 1. Cover letter; 2. Résumé; and 3. Two writing
samples, preferably a press release and an op-ed. Salary will depend on
experience, but is expected to align with the median salary of communications
directors in personal offices in the House of Representatives.

MEM-410-24
CONGRESSIONAL STAFF: Full Time Constituent Services Representative
SUMMARY: The Constituent Services Representative position acts as a liaison
to federal, district, and local agencies for the Member/constituents and
answers casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents. Candidates must be a self-starter, excited to problem solve,

hardworking, dependable, and organized as well as possess strong oral and
written communication skills. This position requires the ability to work well
under pressure, good judgment, strong customer service skills, and a
commitment to public service. Availability to work some evenings and
weekends is required. Ability to communicate in multiple languages is also
highly desirable. A vehicle to travel to evening and weekend events is also
recommended.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter and resume
to ny08team@gmail.com with the Subject Line: Constituent Services
Representative Position.
Women, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
• Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents,
verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal,
district, and
local agencies;
• Handles casework assignments and special projects at the direction of the
Director of
Constituent Services;
• Continually screens active cases/ constituent service requests and acts as a
liaison
with constituents to ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive
manner;
• Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to
the office;
• Attends and monitors scheduled district meetings on behalf of the Member
with
constituents and groups during regular office hours, some evenings and
weekends;
• Logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors & telephone
calls;
• Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating
to
casework and constituent concerns in Congressional Management System
Database;
• Performs cross functional tasks with other departments, as needed.

• Meets attendance requirements as established by the office; Maintains a
good
working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong customer service, oral and written communication skills;
• Familiarity with local, state and federal agencies; Strong knowledge of issues
and
events in the district in which the Member is involved;
• Professional telephone manner and excellent customer and client service
skills;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant,
and professional manner.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework
responsibilities;
• Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge and proficiency in Microsoft office suite and other office computer
applications.

MEM-402-24
Constituent Advocate (District ODice)
Ogice of Congresswoman Jill Tokuda
Rep. Jill Tokuda is looking for an enthusiastic and highly motivated individual to join her
district stag in her Honolulu Ogice. This position works with constituents who request
assistance and acts as a liaison to federal, state, and local agencies. The ideal candidate
would have strong customer service skills and the ability to write quickly and egectively.
Attention to detail and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment is required.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Works with constituents who request assistance and maintains up-to-date ﬁles on
all cases.
• Manages casework through a constituent management system and handles cases
in a timely and responsible manner, which includes working with federal, state, and
local agencies.
• Answers phones, checks voicemail, and responds to calls or refers calls to
appropriate stag. Greets and assists visitors.

•
•

Reviews, processes, and distributes mail.
Prepares written responses to constituent inquiries and congratulatory messages.

Candidates must be able to work a ﬂexible schedule, including occasional nights and
weekends. Interested candidates are requested to submit a cover letter and resume to
hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-392-24
Congresswoman Emilia Sykes seeks a Communications Director to serve in their
Washington, D.C. ogice. Candidates must be proactive, possess superior written and oral
communication skills, and be able to execute a robust communications strategy. This is
not an entry-level position. Only candidates with prior political or legislative
communications experience will be considered.
Primary responsibilities:
•Creating and executing a robust communications plan;
•Establishing and maintaining relationships with Ohio, national, and D.C.-based media;
•Advancing press events and staging the Member as needed, including occasional night
and weekend commitments;
•Drafting and distributing press releases, statements, and media advisories;
Creating, editing, and strategically placing op-eds;
•Overseeing the development of social media content creation, including rapid response;
•Managing a franked communications plan including text messages, e-newsletters, digital
ads, radio ads, 499s, mailers, etc;
•Pitching to reporters and producers, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the
main point-of-contact for media;
•Updating the website as needed;
•Managing the Press Secretary; and
•Performing other duties as assigned.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The ogice is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
The salary range for this position is $90,000-$100,000 based on experience.
To apply, please send a resume, three references, and two writing samples in one pdf to
JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: Full Name –
Communications Director.

MEM-387-24

Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. (NC-12) is seeking an organized, detail-oriented
individual to serve in the position of District Liaison in a fast-paced and highly
collaborative Charlotte District Ogice. Successful candidates will have familiarity with
Federal agencies, excellent written and oral communication skills, the ability to exercise
discretion and independent judgement, and will be team oriented. Additionally, a strong
knowledge and/or connection to Mecklenburg and Cabarrus Counties is preferred, but not
required. This is a full-time and in-person position.
Core Responsibilities include: (but not limited to)
•To act as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies on behalf of the Member and
constituents.
•Managing and navigating constituents’ casework through federal agencies to ensure fair
and timely responses to their problems.
•Referring constituents to appropriate state or local agencies for non-federal issues.
•Assessing casework and community activities for matters warranting legislative action.
•Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal ogicials and other persons or groups to form
egective relationships for the Member/Ogice.
•Works well under pressure and handles stress.
•Meeting with constituents and answering casework correspondence.
•Continually screening active cases to ensure they are handled in a timely manner.
•Maintaining up-to-date ﬁles on all cases.
•Providing periodic updates to the Manager of Constituent Services and District Director on
pending cases.
•Maintaining a good relationship with the Member, stag, and constituents.
•Accepts performance-based criticism and directions.
Additional responsibilities include: (but not limited to)
•Stakeholder engagement.
•Event planning and staging.
•Administrative support for ogice operations.
Greeting visitors.
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner.
•Telephone calls and logging incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Qualiﬁcations:
•Bachelor’s Degree.
•Background in Social Work preferred, but not required.
•Background in Customer Service preferred, but not required.
•Ability to communicate with diverse populations of individuals.
•Prior experience working for/with an elected ogicial is preferred.
Skills and Knowledge Required:
•Demonstrate a strong commitment to public service.
•Microsoft proﬁciency.

•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved.
•Ability to work as a part of a dynamic team.
•Be creative in problem solving.
•Have excellent oral/verbal and written communication skills.
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others in a fast-paced ogice.
•Have basic knowledge of federal agencies and the political process.
•Have knowledge of the Twelfth Congressional District.
All applicants must be able to work a ﬂexible work schedule; be available some nights
(after work hours), weekends and holidays.
We prefer applicants live in the 12th congressional district (but not required).
If interested in applying, send resume and cover letter directly to the Deputy Chief of Stag
and District Director, Sandra A. Brown at Sandra.Brown@mail.house.gov. Closing date for
this position is October 18, 2024.
PLEASE NOTE: If you do not submit a cover letter along with your resume, you will not be
considered for this position.

MEM-382-24
The Military and Veterans ADairs Liaison is responsible for maintaining relationships with
veterans, military members, military installations and organizations, veterans organizations
and ogices, and other like entities within the district. Additionally, the liaison will be
responsible for all military and veterans related casework and lead the ogice’s service
academy nomination process.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
• Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned
issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents,
organizations, etc;
• Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal ogicials and other persons or groups to
form egective relationships for the Member;
• Acts as a liaison to and notiﬁes the appropriate media when the Member will be in
the liaison’s area and works with the Member’s Scheduler and Press Secretary to
ensure appropriate media participation;

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Director of Constituent Services;
Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district ogices;
Assists with the handling of ogice matters such as logging incoming and outgoing
correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, stag, and constituents;
Performs other duties as assigned.

EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
• Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
preferred;
• Previous ogice experience is preferred;
• Previous experience working for a Member of Congress, elected ogicial, or
government agency preferred;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the ogice;
• Accepts performance based criticism and directions;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
• Works a ﬂexible schedule including some nights and weekends;
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
• Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
• Professional telephone manner;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner;
• Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities;
• Knowledge of ogice policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge of ogice computer applications; and

•

Proﬁciency in word processing.

WORKING CONDITIONS:
• Work is mainly performed in an ogice environment;
• Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
• This job is primarily performed in-person
• This position will be in the District Ogices of Congressman Max Miller (Medina and
Parma, Ohio)
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume to
Raymond.Paoletta@mail.house.gov.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-135-24
PRESS SECRETARY- The Ogice of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03) seeks an
experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. ogice. Candidates must be able to
manage media relations, press opportunities, and messaging for a senior member of
Congress. This role reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active relationships with top-tier
national media outlets and on-the-record experience will receive preferred consideration. Ohio
ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media opportunities in
top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations, messaging, and risk management.
•Advance press events and staff the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current relationships with
national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media advisories, and
op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the office’s larger communications strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.

The Office of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender
identity), national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age,
membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other
non-merit factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as candidates from underrepresented
groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the following
subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.

MEM-451-23
The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the House Committee
on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an experienced policy professional and
manager to be the Member’s Legislative Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities including civil
rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and Communications Director the
Legislative Director will aim to ensure the Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience
working in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office staff on policy
initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district, legislation sponsored
by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an original, lead cosponsor, and legislation
on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process

•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights, women’s rights, gun
policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience. Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to ellis.mcginnis@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until
ﬁlled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered. This ogice is an equal
opportunity employer and will consider all applicants without regard to race,
color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual orientation, gender
identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Internship Openings
Week of [October, 14, 2024]
MEM-423-24
The Office of Representative Donald Norcross (NJ-01) is seeking motivated
candidates for the Spring 2025 Internship program. Applications are
considered on a rolling basis.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, constituent relations, scheduling, and
communications activities. Interns will answer phones; sort, distribute, and
respond to constituent mail; attend hearings and briefings; assist with
legislative research; compile daily clips; and participate in professional
development activities.
Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detailoriented, and professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are
essential.

Interns receive a stipend. The spring internship will span early January to early
May, but start/end dates are flexible based on semester schedule.
Please send a resume, cover letter, three professional references and a brief
writing sample to andrew.skurnik@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins,
please. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis and applicants are
encouraged to apply early. Incomplete applications will not be reviewed.
When emailing over your completed application materials, please include a
resume, cover letter. And 2-3 references in one combined PDF.

MEM-421-24
The Democratic Stag of the Committee on Rules is seeking full- and part-time, energetic
interns for the spring (January - May). Our interns work closely with Committee stag to
prepare materials for Committee meetings, conduct research projects, learn about the
Rules of the House and the various procedures for legislation to reach the House Floor, and
complete a variety of other administrative tasks. Ideal candidates have strong writing skills,
a good work ethic, an interest in learning about House ﬂoor procedures, and are detailoriented. Interns will gain experience in legislative analysis, political communications, and
institutional processes.
A stipend will be available for qualiﬁed candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. All ogers are conditional on completion of a federal criminal
background check. The ogice is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages
candidates from diverse backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line:
"Legislative Intern Spring 2025 – Last Name, First Name" explaining why you want to join
the Democratic stag of the House Rules Committee
to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov. Please apply by November 8, 2024.
Note: Students on quarter systems or with unusual schedules are still encouraged to
apply—please detail your particular situation in your cover letter.

MEM-420-24
Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Fall 2024
internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college
graduates, and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in
Congresswoman DeLauro's office combine administrative and legislative work.

Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form (also
located on delauro.house.gov/services/internships), cover letter, resume, brief
writing sample (1-2 pages), and two reference contacts in a single PDF file
to Lydia.McCarty@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring 2024 Internship” by
November 15.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of
such person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the
military, disability, or sexual orientation.

MEM-418-24
Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C. ogice for
Spring 2024.
Ideal candidates are organized and passionate undergraduate students, graduate
students, or recent graduates with an interest in public service. They should be self-starters
with excellent writing and organizational skills.
Our ogice is an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, military status, sexual orientation,
or gender identity or expression. Special consideration will be given to candidates with New
Jersey ties and to those from backgrounds that are traditionally underrepresented in
Congress.
Key responsibilities of D.C. interns include:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front ogice operations
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing other
inquiries
• Legislative work: attending hearing and brieﬁngs, writing memos, composing cosponsor
recommendations, and drafting letters to be sent to constituents
• Organizing incoming mail
• Assisting with press clips and communications tasks

Applications are processed on a rolling basis, and candidates are encouraged to apply as
soon as possible. The internship will take place in-person from January to May. Preference
will be given to those with availability of at least 20 hours per week, and a stipend will be
provided.
To apply, please ﬁll out the application and submit a resume and cover letter through this
link: menendez.house.gov/services/internships. Please indicate your availability in your
cover letter and format the ﬁles [LastName_CoverLetter] and [LastName_Resume].

MEM-417-24
Rep. Troy Nehls (TX-22) Seeks full time Legislative and Press Interns for Spring 2025
Congressman Troy E. Nehls’ (TX-22) Washington, D.C ogice is currently seeking qualiﬁed
individuals who have a passion for federal policy and America First priorities to serve in his
Washington, D.C. ogice for the Spring of 2025. This internship provides students with a
ﬁrsthand understanding of our nation’s legislative process. Interns will contribute to the
daily operations of the ogice. Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors,
answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, attending brieﬁngs and hearings,
performing legislative research, and assisting both legislative and communications stag.
Those interested should send their resume and cover letter
to jacqueline.camuy@mail.house.gov with "Spring 2025 Internship" in the subject line.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis until November 2nd.
Texas ties are preferred.
Hours:
Full-time interns will work 9:00 AM to 5:00PM when out of session, 8:30 AM – 6:00 PM when
in session Monday through Friday in order to meet the full-time rate.
Stipend:
This is a paid internship. Please include availability, previous experience and information
about yourself and your education. Texas ties preferred.
Transportation Accommodations:
Interns will be able to use the Metro and will be reimbursed for their commutes to and from
the ogice

MEM-416-24
The Ogice of Congresswoman Summer Lee is committed to investing in the next generation
of public leaders and citizen activists. Congressional internships oger a comprehensive
learning opportunity to understand better how congressional ogices and the legislative

process work. Both in the Washington, DC, and District Ogice, the internship program is
designed to be a learning experience in which students are exposed to various areas
including constituent services, scheduling, ogice administration, press and
communications, and legislative policy.
Typical duties will include answering phones, leading Capitol tours (Washington, D.C.based), researching legislation for the Member and legislative stag, attending hearings and
brieﬁngs, and answering constituent letters on a variety of issues. The ideal candidate for
this paid, part-time internship will be team-oriented and have strong written and verbal
communication skills.
Students and recent graduates who are interested in the legislative process are highly
encouraged to apply. The Congresswoman is on the Oversight and Accountability
Committee and the Space, Science, and Technology Committee. Ties to Pennsylvania’s
12th Congressional District are preferred, but not necessary.
All applicants should apply by November 15, 2024,
at: https://summerlee.house.gov/internships.

MEM-414-24
The Ogice of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking interns for our
Washington, D.C. and Los Angeles ogices for the Spring 2025 term.
Our ogice values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial environment.
We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to grow. Interns will have
great opportunities to learn from ogice stag and network with others to make the most of
their time with our ogice!
Intern Expectations
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service; possess
excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and communication skills;
work well in a team environment; and have a general understanding of the US political
system.
Internship Responsibilities
Legislative interns can expect to:
· Answer phones and assist in correspondence with
constituents
· Greet constituents and ogice visitors
· Process tour requests and lead Capitol tours
· Handle mail

· Assist in processing casework
· Perform legislative research
· Work on other administrative tasks as directed
Press interns can expect to:
· Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant in drafting social media content
and other materials like press releases, website content, and newsletters
· Create graphic design posts for social media
· Compile daily press clips
· Edit video clips
· Maintain press lists
· Answer phones and assist in correspondence as needed.
In our DC ogice, you can apply to be EITHER a Legislative OR Press intern. In our Los
Angeles ogice, you will be a general ogice intern.
Internship Dates and Details:
Spring internships are slated to start early January and go until late April/early May, with
some ﬂexibility. Interns are expected to work in person in the ogice, Monday-Friday 9 a.m.5 p.m. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate remote or hybrid internships at this time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, November 22nd .
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter (in one
document) to:
· CA37.internships@mail.house.gov for DC ogice internship.
• Use the subject line “First name Last name [legislative] OR [press] – Spring 2025
internship”
· ca37.DOinternships@mail.house.gov for Los Angeles ogice internship
• Use the subject line “First name Last name – Spring 2025 Internship” in your email.
Please reach out our intern coordinator, Madilyn Brandon, with any questions
at Madilyn.Brandon@mail.house.gov.

MEM-413-24
Communications Interns assist the communications stag by compiling media clips,
drafting social media posts and press releases, creating digital content, answering phones,
inputting casework inquiries, and aiding the Congresswoman’s communications egorts.
Experience working in communications is a plus.
Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can excel in a fastpaced environment. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication
skills, an eye for and ability to create engaging digital content, and a good sense of humor.

Ties to Washington State are preferred, but not required. Applicants are encouraged to
include any previous customer service experience (retail, food service, hospitality, etc.) on
their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and a
sample social media post with relevant written and visual components in a single PDF
document to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Spring Communications Internship[LAST NAME]” in the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship you
are applying for and your dates of availability.
The deadline for applications is Thursday, October 31, 2024, at 5 PM ET, but applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are incomplete or
submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This ogice is an Equal Employment Opportunity Ogice and does not discriminate in
employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin, sexual
orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, military service, or other
non-merit factors. Individuals from underrepresented communities are encouraged to
apply. Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-412-24
Legislative Interns assist the legislative stag by preparing brieﬁng notes and memos,
researching legislation, tracking legislative activity, providing mail program support,
answering phones, inputting casework inquiries, attending hearings, and advancing the
Congresswoman’s legislative agenda.
Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can excel in a fastpaced environment. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication
skills, an ability to manage multiple short-term and stretch assignments, and a good sense
of humor. Ties to Washington State are preferred, but not required. Applicants are
encouraged to include any previous customer service experience (retail, food service,
hospitality, etc.) on their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample not to
exceed one page in length in a single PDF document to WA10resumes@gmail.com with
“DC Spring Legislative Internship-[LAST NAME]” in the subject line. Please indicate in the
cover letter which internship you are applying for and your dates of availability.
The deadline for applications is Thursday, October 31, 2024, at 5 PM ET, but applicants are
encouraged to submit their applications early. Applications that are incomplete or
submitted after the deadline will not be considered.

This ogice is an Equal Employment Opportunity Ogice and does not discriminate in
employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin, sexual
orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, military service, or other
non-merit factors. Individuals from underrepresented communities are encouraged to
apply. Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-409-24
Congresswoman Suzan DelBene, representing the 1st Congressional District of
Washington state, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Kirkland) ogices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional ogice, gaining valuable experience and
knowledge of the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls,
assisting stag with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with
constituent correspondence. Kirkland, WA interns will have the opportunity to attend
community events and tours with the Congresswoman and stag. Washington, D.C. interns
will have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
brieﬁngs for the legislative stag.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample (1 to 2 pages)
through our web form
here: https://airtable.com/appNK10LkiweHjE79/shrKQyVOSs0khwKCp. The deadline for
Spring 2025 internship applications is Friday, November 8th at 11:59 PM.

MEM-408-24
Congressman Gabe Amo’s (RI-01) Washington, D.C. office is seeking interns for the Spring
2025 session. Interns would be expected to start in January and stay through May or June.
These internships provide students with an opportunity to learn more about the workings
of a congressional office and to see the legislative process first-hand. Interns will be
expected to answer phones, sort mail, research legislation, attend hearings and briefings,
write memos, give tours of the Capitol, and draft constituent letters on various issues and
other matters as assigned.
Applicants with Rhode Island ties and of diverse backgrounds are highly encouraged to
apply. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply please send a copy of your resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample
to alex.nelson@mail.house.gov by 10am on Friday, October 18th with the subject line “DC
Intern Application - Full Name.” Please no phone calls or walk-ins regarding the status of

your application.

MEM-407-24
Job Opening: Spring DC Fellowship
Office: Congressman Shri Thanedar
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) is now accepting
applications for a legislative fellowship during the Spring 2025 term. This fellowship is a
great opportunity for individuals in professional programs who seek to gain an in-depth
legislative experience. This is a full-time, in-person position.
Fellows assist the legislative team with drafting legislation, assisting with stakeholder
meetings, and helping with committee assignments.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Performing Research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available resources)
• Attending meetings on behalf of the office
• Drafting talking points, proclamations, and various briefings
• Staffing the Congressman at various events
• Tracking and responding to constituent requests and letters
• Helping find legislative opportunities for sponsorship and co-sponsorship
• Performing tasks and duties as needed to help day to day activities of the office
Other duties will be based on the fellow's interests.
We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, research skills, and strong
writing skills. Start and end dates are flexible. MI-13 ties and research experience are
pluses. Must be in a program that sponsors your fellowship.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age. We strongly
encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and members of other underrepresented
communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample in one
combined document to HR.Thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name Spring DC Fellow Application.” The application deadline is November 15, 2024. No calls or
drop-ins, please.

MEM-406-24
Job Opening: Spring DC Internship
Office: Congressman Shri Thanedar

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) is now accepting
applications for press and legislative internships during the Spring 2025 term. This
internship is a great opportunity for individuals who seek to gain public service experience
and insight into Capitol Hill. This is a full-time, in-person position.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Answering phone calls
• Greeting office visitors
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Coordinating tour requests and leading tours of the Capitol
• Attending congressional briefings, hearings and other professional development events
• Drafting press releases to be posted on the website and social media accounts
• Researching legislation and writing cosponsor memos for the legislative team
• Assisting operations, communications, and legislative staffers with various tasks
Other duties will be based on the intern's interests.
We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, customer service skills, and
strong writing skills. Start and end dates are flexible. MI-13 ties and service industry
experience are pluses.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age. We strongly
encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and members of other underrepresented
communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample in one
combined document to HR.Thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name Spring DC Press or Legislative Intern Application.” The application deadline is November
15, 2024. No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-405-24
Congressman Gabe Amo’s (RI-01) Pawtucket ogice is seeking interns for the
Spring 2025 session. Interns would be expected to start in early to midJanuary. These internships provide students with an opportunity to learn
more about the workings of a congressional district ogice and to see the
constituent service process ﬁrst-hand. Interns will be expected to answer
phones, sort mail, assist constituents, conduct research, write memos, and
draft constituent letters on various issues and other matters as assigned.
Applicants with Rhode Island ties and of diverse backgrounds are highly
encouraged to apply. The ogice does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation,

and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
To apply please send a copy of your resume, cover letter, and a writing
sample to sara.terrien@mail.house.gov by 10:00am on Friday, October 18
with the subject line “Intern Application - Full Name.” Please no phone calls
or walk-ins regarding the status of your application.

MEM-404-24
FERN HOLLAND INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS FELLOWSHIP
Congressman Moulton ogers a full-time, paid foreign policy fellowship in our
Washington, D.C. ogice. This opportunity is only open to candidates who are
currently Pell Grant-eligible or who were Pell Grant-eligible while pursuing
their bachelor's degree. Current undergraduate students, current graduate
students, and recent college graduates are welcome to apply, though
preference is given to graduate students. The fellow will work on assignments
on foreign policy and national security, in addition to some regularly assigned
intern responsibilities.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Conducting legislative research.
Taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings.
Organizing research from Members of Congress and outside organizations.
Writing brieﬁngs for the Congressman.
Drafting questions for House Armed Services Committee and Select
Committee on China hearings.
The full fellowship description can be found here.
APPLICATIONS:
Please email MA06.Resumes@mail.house.gov with your resume and cover
letter using the subject line: FHF: LAST NAME.
• If you are selected for an interview, a stag member will contact you
• Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis
• If selected, you will be required to submit a FAFSA form.
If you have any questions, please email Emerson Jacobson
(Emerson.Jacobson@mail.house.gov)

MEM-403-24
The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns
for Spring 2025 (beginning of February – end of May). Applicants must be
organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we seek candidates
who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources Committee’s
jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are eager to
learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research,

prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach,
and aid communications.
Preferred qualiﬁcations: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to
the needs and concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds,
and orientations. Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism,
economic and social inequality in the United States, and has a passion for
working to dismantle these systems.
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work inogice when Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a
monthly stipend of $3,200 plus transit beneﬁts.
This ogice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national
origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual
orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law.
Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to
participate in the application or hiring process are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes.
The application deadline is close of business on October 25. Interested
candidates should apply by visiting the House Natural Resources Committee
Democrats website at
https://democratsnaturalresources.house.gov/internships.
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates
who are being actively considered for this position.

MEM-401-24
The ogice of Congressman Kevin Kiley is seeking full or part-time interns for
the FALL 2024 term. Position duties include attending Congressional
hearings, scheduling/leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail,
and assisting legislative stag with research.
Applicants should possess conservative values and hold strong written and
verbal communication skills. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume and availability. Please use
“Kevin Kiley Internship” in the subject line. Please send resumes to
Anthony.euceda@mail.house.gov

MEM-400-24
The Washington D.C. Ogice of Representative Brad Sherman CA-32 will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Spring
Semester 2025.
Applications will be accepted October 1st, 2024 – November 8th, 2024.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front ogice operations;
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly
processing other inquiries;
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests;
• Day-to-day ogice work to assist with the functioning of the
congressional ogice and other duties as delegated by members of the
stag;
• Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and
drafting constituent letters;
• Attending hearings and brieﬁngs, as requested by senior stag;
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team;
• Other administrative tasks as assigned
• As a result, interns will learn about the functions of a congressional
ogice, congressional communications, and the legislative process.
Ideal candidates should be a self-starter with strong attention to detail, the
ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of
humor. CA-32 ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
Applications should be sent in PDF format to brads.interns@mail.house.gov
with “CA-32 Spring 2025 Internship” in the subject line.
For more information on the internship please visit:
https://sherman.house.gov/contact/internships

MEM-399-24
Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) D.C. ogice seeks interns for the
upcoming Spring 2025 semester. The ideal candidate possesses a high

degree of professionalism and maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a
team player with a positive attitude. This position demands the ability to
multi-task, strong organizational skills and must work cooperatively and
courteously with others in a shared space.
Duties include attending hearings and brieﬁngs on behalf of the
Congresswoman and legislative stagers, working directly with the
communications team on press strategies, answering telephones, compiling
daily press clips relevant to the ogice’s priorities, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and providing administrative assistance to the D.C. stag.
Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South
Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit the below application with a resume
and cover letter in a single PDF ﬁle. Cover letter should detail reasons for
applying to the position. A stipend will be given to accepted applicants.
Deadline to apply is Friday, October 18, 2024, by 11:59pmEST. If 50
applicants have applied, applications will close before the deadline.
Application Link:
https://frankel.house.gov/constituentservices/internships.htm
If you should have any questions, comments, concerns, or are in need of any
additional details or materials to pass along the internship posting please
feel free to contact me via email at amaris.graham@mail.house.gov!

MEM-398-24
Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C.,
ogice for the Winter/Spring 2025 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students,
graduate students, and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of
a Congressional ogice and the legislative process. Interns should have a
general understanding of the U.S. political system, value open
communication, be eager to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be
an educational experience. Internships are ogered for either academic credit
or a stipend. Internship applicants must be high school graduates. Current
students and recent graduates will be given ﬁrst priority for the internship
program.

Legislative intern responsibilities include:
• Attending committee hearings and congressional brieﬁngs,
• Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
• Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.
Press intern responsibilities include:
• Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press
Secretary in drafting and editing social media content, digital
graphics, and other digital materials,
• Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
• Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks,
as directed.
• Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic
familiarity with graphic design and video editing. Submission of a
sample graphic or similar communications work with your application
is strongly encouraged.
This ogice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of
our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover
letter, resume, three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf ﬁle,
with the ﬁle name including internship class, year, last name, and ﬁrst name
(i.e. Spring2025.Doe.Jane.pdf) to CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by
November 15, 2024.
Please specify whether you are applying for the press internship or the
legislative internship. Applicants with strong ties to the 49th District are given
preference.

MEM-397-24
Internships in the Ogice of Congressman Tim Kennedy are available for the
fall, spring, and summer sessions for college students and recent graduates.

Students will gain invaluable experience working for a member of Congress
alongside congressional stag. Hours can be ﬂexible to accommodate
academic schedules.
In Washington, D.C. and the Bugalo District Ogice, intern responsibilities
vary, but typically include answering phones, administrative duties,
legislative research, attending hearings, meetings, and brieﬁngs, drafting
correspondence, letters, and Congressional Extensions of Remarks, and
assisting with media monitoring. In addition, interns may be assigned to
assist in various constituent casework or assist with district-based projects.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional ogice.
To apply for an internship, please email
<<ny26internapplication@kennedyny26.com>> with the subject line [Name],
[DC or District Intern], and [Session (Spring, Summer, Fall)]. Please include a
resume, cover letter, and three references as attachments. Applications will
be reviewed on a rolling basis, and you will be notiﬁed if and when the
position has been ﬁlled.
We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation,
religion, national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and
encouraged to apply.

MEM-396-24
The ogice of Congressman Kevin Hern (OK-01) seeks motivated and teamoriented Interns to assist with various ogice duties based in his Washington,
D.C. ogice for the 2025 Spring Term (January – April/May). Internships are
intended to current undergraduate students, recent college graduates, and
students currently enrolled in graduate school.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering constituent phone
calls, taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings, conducting tours of the Capitol,
drafting correspondence letters, assembling press and news clips, and
assisting stag with other research and administrative duties.
Ideal candidates have a strong interest in public policy, demonstrated
responsibility, respectable personal conduct, and are committed to serving
the constituents of Oklahoma’s 1st Congressional District with the utmost
diligence.
Interested candidates should visit
https://hern.house.gov/services/internship.htm for application instructions.

Application Deadline: November 20th by 5pm CST
Start Date: January

MEM-395-24
The Washington, D.C. Ogice of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting
applications for an internship during the 2025 Spring term. Applicants must
be based in Washington, D.C. for the duration of the spring internship (midJanuary to mid-May, subject to change).
The hours are ﬂexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but
generally run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and
9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House Calendar).
Interns receive a stipend distributed based on total hours worked.
In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will vary. Interns will be
responsible for:
Greeting guests and assisting with front ogice operations;
Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing
other inquiries;
Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests;
Day-to-day ogice work to assist with the functioning of the congressional
ogice and other duties as delegated by members of the stag;
Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting
constituent letters;
Attending hearings and brieﬁngs, as requested by senior stag;
Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team;
Interacting with members of stag in the D.C. ogice and virtually with the
Rochester ogice;
Other administrative tasks as assigned.
As a result, interns will learn about the operations of a congressional ogice,
congressional communications, and the legislative process. Ideal
candidates should possess excellent written and verbal communications
skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to succeed in a fast-paced work
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred
but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• Writing sample (ex. policy memo, short essay, etc.) (max. 2 pages)
• Dates of availability

The ogice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, current
graduate students, and recent college graduates.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.
Applications should be sent in PDF format
to Savannah.Chadwick@mail.house.gov with “NY-25 Spring 2025 DC
Internship” in the subject line. The deadline for this internship application
has been extended to October 18th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early. Interview requests will be sent
out following the October 18th deadline.

MEM-394-24
The District Ogice of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY,
will be accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Spring
Semester 2025.
Applications will be accepted September 30th, 2024 – November 1st, 2024.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Completing constituent calls
• Writing letters, certiﬁcates, and proclamations
• Day-to-day ogice work
• Interacting with members of stag in the Rochester ogice and virtually
in the D.C. ogice
• Other duties delegated by members of stag including various
constituent case work or work on District-based projects of
importance
As a result, interns will learn about the functions of a congressional ogice,
congressional communications, and the legislative process.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, strong
attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a
good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume

•
•
•

Cover letter
One-page writing sample
Dates of availability

Applications should be sent in PDF format to Eric.Gros@mail.house.gov with
“NY-25 Spring 2025 District Internship” in the subject line.
The deadline for this internship application is November 1st, 2024, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Interview
requests will be sent out following the November 1st deadline.
For more information on the district internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships

MEM-393-24
The Ogice of Congresswoman Kim Schrier (WA-08) is seeking interns in its
Issaquah and Washington, D.C. ogices for spring 2025.
Applicants should be eager to learn more about the legislative process and
want to be part of a hardworking team dedicated to serving Washington’s 8th
Congressional District. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional ogice,
gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
In Washington, D.C., intern responsibilities will include greeting constituents,
answering constituent phone calls, supporting stag with administrative
tasks, conducting legislative research, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and other miscellaneous tasks as assigned. Interns in
Washington, D.C. also have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol,
as well as attend brieﬁngs for the legislative stag.
In the District ogice, interns will assist with a variety of tasks, including dayto-day ogice work such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting
with media clips. District ogice interns may also help with constituent
casework or other District-based projects of importance.
Qualiﬁcations
Ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, and a strong interest in public
service. In addition, the ability to multi-task and work with a team are a plus.
Washington state ties are a plus, but not required.
Starting and ending dates are ﬂexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 20 hours per week during business hours.

Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an
interest in public service. Stipends or academic credit are available.
Please apply by November 15, 2024, at 11:59 p.m. ET.
Please be prepared to submit a cover letter, resume, three references and
relevant information at https://schrier.house.gov/services/internships. If you
have issues with this form, please email relevant application materials to
DistrictInternshipsWA08@mail.house.gov.

MEM-391-24
Representative Jim Baird (IN-4) is seeking internship applicants for Spring
2025 in his Washington, DC ogice. This is a paid, in-person, invaluable
opportunity to experience the legislative process hands-on through a wide
range of tasks and responsibilities providing support with ogice
administration, communications, and legislative work.
Responsibilities may include answering phones, greeting ogice visitors,
sorting mail, conducting legislative research, attending hearings and
brieﬁngs, giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, assisting communications stag
with press releases and social media, and drafting constituent letters.
The ideal candidate should have strong oral and written communication
skills, be detail oriented, motivated, and ﬂexible, and address all work with a
positive attitude.
Prior constituent or customer service experience, a demonstrated interest in
public service, and District/Indiana ties are preferred.
The internship will run from early January to mid-May and can be full-time or
part-time to accommodate educational commitments.
Interested applicants should apply and upload a resume through the website
at: https://baird.house.gov/services/internships.htm.
Any questions can be directed to baird.intern@mail.house.gov.

MEM-390-24
Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are
passionate, driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his

Salem ogice and Washington D.C. ogice. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college
graduates. Interns receive a stipend distributed based on total hours worked.
D.C. RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front
desk.
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail.
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman.
•Taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings.
•Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting
legislative research.
DISTRICT RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front
desk.
•Assisting the Casework Team on a variety of casework requests involving
federal agencies.
•Taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting
legislative research and attending community events.
APPLICATIONS
Applicants can ﬁnd more information on the internship portal
at moulton.house.gov under the ‘Services’ tab. All applications are due on
November 10th, 2024, and will be reviewed after the application period
closes.
If you have trouble accessing the application form above or have other
questions, please email Emerson Jacobson
(Emerson.Jacobson@mail.house.gov.)

MEM-388-24
The ogice of Congressman Tom McClintock is seeking full or part-time
interns. Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings,
scheduling/leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and
assisting legislative stag with research.
Applicants should possess conservative values and hold strong written and
verbal communication skills. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.

Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com. Please use “McClintock Internship”
in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-384-24
The Washington, D.C. Ogice of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is
seeking interns for the spring of 2025. This is an in-person opportunity with
limited hybrid hours possible. A majority of the program is spent in the ogice.
This position ogers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and
fast-paced ogice. Internships are ogered on a full-time and part-time basis,
and stipends are ogered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred.
Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are
ﬂexible. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualiﬁcations:
· Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
· Strong communications and writing skills.
· Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
· Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
· Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
· Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other
forms of outreach.
· Attend virtual brieﬁngs and track virtual hearings.
· Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
· Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following
materials on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
· Resume.
· Cover letter.
· Three references.
About Ogice of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

MEM-383-24

Rep. Josh Brecheen (OK-02): Full-Time Paid Internship –– Spring and
Summer 2025 (Flexible Dates), DC Ogice
Congressman Josh Brecheen's DC ogice is currently accepting applications
for a paid internship for the Spring 2025 semester, beginning as early as
January 2nd. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering
and logging constituent phone calls, sorting mail, drafting constituent letters,
assisting with legislative research, leading Capitol tours, and assisting with
public communications tasks.
The internship provides a valuable opportunity to contribute to the daily
operations of a congressional ogice and gain ﬁrst-hand experience with the
legislative process. Ideal candidates will be motivated team-players who
have a strong work ethic, good written and verbal communication skills, and
the ability to problem-solve with the aim of providing excellent constituent
service. Oklahoma ties are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should submit their resume to
admin.brecheen@mail.house.gov and ﬁll out an online application at
https://brecheen.house.gov/services/internships.htm

MEM-380-24
The Ogice of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is accepting
applications for Spring 2025 Press Interns in our Washington, D.C., Reading,
and West Chester ogices. This internship will run from early January through
late May.
We oger needs-based stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our
internship program has returned to in-person work with ﬂexible telework
options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have
experience in a faced-paced, deadline-oriented work environment.
Applicants must be independent problem-solvers, have strong writing skills,
and be comfortable communicating to both internal and external audiences.
Technical experience with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign, Illustrator),
photo editing programs (Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software
(Premiere, Headliner) a major plus.
Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips,
helping draft copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital
content. Press interns will have the opportunity to stag the congresswoman
to capture videos and photos of events. We oger interns the opportunity to

see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and
work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and
why you’re interested in interning in our ogice, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one
example of digital work (video, graphic or photo) to
PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This ogice is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity,
national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identiﬁcation, family status, or military
status. Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-379-24
The Ogice of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is accepting
applications for Spring 2025 legislative interns in our West Chester,
Reading, and Washington, D.C. ogices. This internship will run from early
January through late May.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we oger needs-based
stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our internship program has
returned to in-person work with ﬂexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and
a passion for community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious,
willing to spend a lot of time on the phone and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and
drafting memos for our legislative stag, to staging the Congresswoman in
hearings or meetings. We oger interns the opportunity to see Congress up
close and from the inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience
are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
Please submit applications through the “Legislative Internship” form our
website, Houlahan.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This ogice is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity,
national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identiﬁcation, family status, or military

status. Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

