________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 23, 2023

MEM-043-23

Senior California Democrat seeks a Legislative Director to oversee the
Member’s legislative priorities and manage a portfolio centered on healthcare and
Social Security.
This position will be tasked with:
•Managing legislative staff and the Member’s legislative portfolio in close
consultation with the Deputy Chief of Staff.
•Monitoring the House floor and advising the Member on procedure.
•Handling the Member’s healthcare priorities as a senior member of the Energy
and Commerce Committee and the House Democratic Caucus Task Force on
Aging & Families. The legislative portfolio will be focused on mental health,
telehealth, rare diseases, the 340B drug discount program, and public health
among other issues.
This is not an entry-level position and Hill experience is strongly preferred, but
not required. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status. Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority
applicants are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 1 of 34

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com. Please use “Legislative Director” as the
subject.
MEM-042-23

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a high-energy, highly-organized,
and detail-oriented Constituent Service Representative for his office in
Frederick, MD.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Staffer will work out of the District Office in Frederick, MD.
•Serve as the official representative for the Member in the community.
•Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships for
the Member.
•Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
•Monitor and update the Member and District Director on local issues of
importance.
•Staff and provide logistical support for district meetings and events for the
Member.
•Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
•Answer correspondence and verbal communications with constituents in a
timely manner.
•Office administrative duties as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
•Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
•Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
•Thorough knowledge of the legislative process.
•Knowledge of all issues in the district in which the Member is involved.
•Maryland ties are a plus.
The Office of Congressman David Trone strongly values the diversity of our
employees and strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply.
Ideal candidates will have 1-2 years of work experience in a relevant field.
(public service, political campaigns, issue advocacy, community organizing, etc.)
Starting salary for this position is $50,000 plus full benefits.

Page 2 of 34

To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to MD06.jobs@gmail.com with
“Constituent Service Representative - Frederick” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins.
MEM-041-23

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas), on the Ways & Means Committee, seeks an
experienced Legislative Assistant to assist with environmental, health care and
other issues to be determined.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Hill or other policy or
political experience strongly preferred, as well as a law or graduate degree. Texas
ties a plus.
Send cover letter, resume, brief writing sample, and three work supervisor
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use this title on your email:
“Experienced LA Applicant” -- No drop-ins please.

MEM-040-23

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) seeks an experienced,
organized, and highly motivated Scheduler for her Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include managing all aspects of the Member’s DC schedule;
making all travel arrangements; organizing and promptly responding to incoming
scheduling requests; managing the Member’s time in a productive and timely
manner; and coordinating with the District Scheduler and all staff to ensure a
smooth operation.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate will have prior experience
as a scheduler, office manager, or executive assistant, whether on Capitol Hill or
off. The ideal candidate will also have excellent attention to detail, a strong work
ethic, impeccable organizational skills, the ability to stay calm in stressful
situations, superb communication skills, and be able to work seamlessly in a
team-oriented environment. This position may require flexible hours and
availability by phone/email during evenings and weekends.
Ties to Delaware are a plus, but not required. Interested candidates should send a
cover letter and resume to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “DC Scheduler” in the
subject line by COB February 3, 2023. No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.

MEM-038-23

Congressman Dean Phillips (MN-03) seeks a Staff Assistant /Executive
Assistant (SA/EA) for his Washington, DC, office.
The SA/EA is responsible for staffing the front office during office hours by
receiving visitors, answering phone calls, and restocking daily supplies,
coordinating all tour and flag requests, supporting the Director of Operations in
coordinating and executing the Congressman’s daily schedule, managing all
aspects of the intern program, creating and coordinating “radical hospitality”
programs for the office, and supporting the office with administrative, legislative,
Page 3 of 34

and communications needs as required. This position reports directly to the
Legislative Director.
This is an entry-level position. Qualified candidates will exhibit the following
skills:
•the ability to provide a welcoming environment and positive first impression to
all visitors of the office;
•thorough knowledge of office administration, policies, practices, and procedures;
•a high degree of professionalism;
•strong organizational and interpersonal skills;
•an ability to take initiative in a dynamic, fast-paced environment;
•careful attention to detail; and
•an ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
The Office of Congressman Dean Phillips is an equal opportunity employer
committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment. Salary is commensurate with experience. Minnesota ties are a plus.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to
Phillips.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant-Executive
Assistant_FirstName_Last Name” in the subject line by January 27, 2023.
MEM-037-23

Congresswoman Mary Miller is seeking a legislative assistant with an interest in
agriculture policy and a strong commitment to conservative values.
Competitive candidates have 1-2 years of Capitol Hill/related policy experience,
are well-organized, and have excellent writing and interpersonal skills.
Responsibilities include: briefing the Congresswoman on agriculture issues,
covering the Agriculture Committee for the Member, including hearing and
mark-up preparation, tracking legislation in assigned issues areas (additional
portfolio issues TBD), staffing the Member at meetings and events, meeting with
outside groups and constituents, and occasionally traveling to Illinois for
events/key stakeholder meetings.
This is an excellent opportunity to work on the 2023 Farm Bill and issues
affecting Rural America. A bachelor’s degree in agricultural economics,
agribusiness, or a related field are preferred, but not required. Preference will be
given to candidates who have a working knowledge of, and/or experience in,
agriculture industries.
Please submit your resume to IL15StaffApplications@mail.house.gov, with the
subject line: Agriculture Legislative Assistant – First/Last name

Page 4 of 34

MEM-034-23

DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF / LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR – Congressman
Mark Pocan (WI-02), member of the House Appropriations Committee, is
seeking an experienced and enthusiastic Deputy Chief of Staff / Legislative
Director to coordinate and oversee the Member’s legislative agenda, along with
advising the Member on legislative activities and managing the legislative staff.
Ideal candidate will have at least 5 years of legislative experience on the Hill.
Candidate should possess a strong understanding of the legislative process,
including House organization and procedures, as well as managerial experience.
Applicant must also demonstrate an ability to manage and mentor staff, think
strategically, and have experience in formulating strategic plans for advancing
legislation. Prior experience with the Appropriations Committee would be a
valuable asset.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. A sense of
humor is greatly appreciated.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Deputy CoS / LD” in the Subject
Line. Job opening closes COB on Tuesday, January 31st. No phone calls, faxes or
drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.

MEM-017-23

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai’i - 01) is seeking a legislative staff member
for his Washington, D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include the full range of management of a diverse and
active portfolio of substantive issues. Specific duties include advising, briefing
and staffing the Congressman on assigned issues, preparing and advancing
related appropriations requests, monitoring related committee (including the
Congressman’s Appropriations Committee) and floor activities, drafting,
evaluating and advancing legislative initiatives, drafting constituent
correspondence, and representing the office in meetings with constituents and
others.
Direct report is to the Chief of Staff although the Congressman is routinely
involved in all aspects of his office operations and there is routine direct
interaction with the Congressman. Preference given to prior federal or state
government experience and Hawai‘i background. Applicants are asked to detail
these attributes.

Page 5 of 34

The position also requires initiative, interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask,
work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills,
and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “DC Legislative Staffer” in
the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-032-23

SUMMARY:
Congresswoman Alma Adams (NC-12) is seeking an organized, detail-oriented
individual to serve in the position of District Liaison in a fast-paced and highly
collaborative Charlotte District office.
Successful candidates will have familiarity with Federal agencies, excellent
written and oral communication skills, the ability to exercise discretion and
independent judgement, and will be team oriented. Additionally, a strong
knowledge and/or connection to Mecklenburg and Cabarrus Counties is
preferred, but not required.
Core Responsibilities: (but not limited to)
• To monitor and update Member/Deputy Chief of Staff on district and local
issues.
• To answer casework correspondences and verbal communications with
constituents
• To act as a liaison with federal, district and local agencies on behalf of the
Member and constituents.
• Managing and navigating constituents’ casework through federal agencies to
ensure fair and timely responses to their problems.
• Referring constituents to appropriate state or local agencies for non-federal
issues
• Attending and participating in community meetings and events (including some
evenings, weekends, and holidays)
• Assessing casework and community activities for matters warranting legislative
action.
• Acts as the representative for the Member and/or District Director within their
area of responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting
with constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a
liaison with federal, district, and local agencies,
• Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Member/office.
• Prepares periodic reports for the Deputy Chief of Staff on pending cases and
district activities in their assigned issue areas.
• Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office.
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the office policy.
Page 6 of 34

• Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents.
• Accepts performance-based criticism and directions.
• Works well under pressure and handles stress.
• Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, weekends, and holidays.
• Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor’s Degree
• Background in Social Work, preferred, but not required.
• Spanish speaking, preferred, but not required.
• Ability to communicate with diverse populations of individuals.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Working knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
• Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
• Professional telephone matter;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
• Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Positive attitude, willingness to work through tough problems, ability to interact
well with the public.
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
• Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures.
• Knowledge of office computer applications, software; and
• Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
• This is a full-time and in-person position.
• Field duties require work during regular office hours and including some
evenings, weekends, and holidays). Additionally, employees must hold a valid
driver’s license.
• Employees must be able to work in a moderately noisy work environment
without an expectation of privacy.
To apply, please send an email to NC12DistrictCLT@gmail.com with your cover
letter, resume, and three references, with contact information. Please use the
following format for the subject line: Your full name -District Liaison.
The deadline to receive resumes is February 8, 2023 by 5 pm (EST).
Page 7 of 34

MEM-031-23

Senior House Democrat seeks a Senior Legislative Assistant and/or Counsel for
the Member’s personal office to staff a portfolio of domestic legislative issues
and, if the right candidate has a law degree, as counsel.
A successful candidate will have excellent communication skills, a solid
understanding of the legislative process, and a proven ability to work effectively
with a legislative team.
Responsibilities include monitoring and drafting legislation, monitoring the floor,
representing the Member in meetings/briefings, collaborating with constituent
organizations, preparing materials for committee hearings and markups, and other
tasks and assignments as needed. If the successful candidate is a lawyer, the
position will also include providing the office with Ethics and other compliance
advice.
The ideal candidate will have 3 years+ of experience in a congressional office or
similar legislative experience off the Hill.
Salary will range from 70-85k or higher depending on experience and status as an
attorney. Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to congressjobhouse@gmail.com

MEM-030-23

Congresswoman Valerie Foushee is seeking an organized, detail-oriented
individual to serve in the position of Staff Assistant in a fast-paced and highly
collaborative District office.
Essential strengths of ideal candidates include exceptional customer service
skills, close attention to detail and time management, strong writing and proactive
communication skills, an understanding or aptitude for database work, and the
ability to prioritize and follow through on multiple competing priorities in a fastpaced environment. North Carolina and/or NC-04 ties are preferred, but not
required.
Responsibilities include greeting and engaging visitors and callers, helping them
navigate our office, and logging their views and requests in IQ; maintaining an
office environment that emphasizes kindness and professionalism; providing
administrative support to the constituent services, communication, and
operations/administrative teams; recruiting, hiring, and managing district interns;
ordering supplies; meticulously and accurately batching correspondence; staffing
the Member; and other duties as assigned.
Starting annual salary is $45,000.
To apply, please send an email to NC04resumes@mail.house.gov with your
cover letter, resume, and three references in one combined PDF attachment.
Please use the following format for the subject line: Your full name – Staff
Assistant.
Page 8 of 34

MEM-029-23

Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (OR-6) seeks a District Scheduler/Press
Assistant based in Oregon.
This position is responsible for managing the Congresswoman’s district schedule
including tracking and responding to scheduling requests, assembling all details
of the daily Oregon calendar and coordinating all briefing materials for district
meetings. In addition to scheduling responsibilities, this position will assist the
Communications Director with social media, press releases and other
communications materials.
Other duties consist of office management responsibilities including answering
telephones, mail distribution, purchasing supplies, technology and other
administrative duties and special projects.
Qualifications include knowledge of Oregon’s 6th congressional district, working
knowledge of social media platforms, a service-oriented attitude, strong
organizational skills, ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks at one time
and a capacity to work both independently and as part of a team. Candidates
should also possess strong writing skills with an attention to detail. Spanishlanguage proficiency is a plus.
This position is based in the Salem, Oregon office, with an opportunity to move
to the Washington County office once established.
Salary range for this position is $55,000 to $65,000 + benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified
candidates are encouraged to apply.
The office will be taking resumes through January 24th, 2023 and they will be
reviewed on a rolling basis. The announcement may remain open longer should
the position remain unfilled.
Please email cover letter and resume to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with
subject line: District Scheduler/Press Assistant.

MEM-028-23

DC STAFF ASSISTANT -- U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. seeks highly-motivated,
detail-oriented staff assistant with excellent written and oral communication skills
for DC office.
Responsibilities include general reception duty, member scheduling, addressing
constituent requests, managing interns, systems management, and otherwise
assisting the Congressman and staff in all functions of the office. New Jersey ties
are a plus.

Page 9 of 34

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample via email
to nj09job@gmail.com. No calls or direct emails please. We will consider
applications until the position is filled.
The position is full time with federal benefits, including student loan repayment
program (if eligible) and transit or parking benefits. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
age, disability, military status, marital or parental status.
MEM-026-23

The Office of Congressman Andy Harris, M.D. (MD-01) has an
immediate opening for an organized, detail-oriented individual to serve in the
position of Staff Assistant in a fast-paced and highly collaborative Capitol Hill
office with a strong commitment to exceptional constituent service.
Responsibilities include staffing and managing the front office, managing
mail intake, answering and managing the phone system, greeting visitors,
handling tour and flag requests, and providing general office support. Candidates
should have excellent oral and written communication skills, great attention to
detail, strong time management skills, and an ability to work under pressure.
Maryland ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer. Please send resume, cover
letter, and writing sample in one PDF
document to: MD01jobopenings@mail.house.gov.
Subject line: 2023 Staff Assistant Opening.
No phone calls please.

MEM-024-23

The Freshman Democrat from Hawai‘i is seeking a Scheduler with strong
judgment, communication skills, and attention to detail to build and oversee all
aspects of scheduling operations for the Member.
This position requires consistent and effective collaboration with all components
of the Member’s office. The Scheduler will work directly with the Chief of Staff,
District Chief, and other senior staff.
Primary duties include, but are not limited to:
•Building the Member’s daily and long-term schedule for DC and the district and
managing this system;
•Responding to all incoming scheduling requests;
•Booking and coordinating travel back to Hawai‘i and within Hawai‘i;
•Ensuring the Member, staff, and external stakeholders have key information
about the schedule;
•Compiling daily briefing materials for the Member and coordinating the
collection of information from staff and other sources;
Page 10 of 34

•Supporting the team with special events and ad hoc projects; and
•Other duties as assigned.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual
orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse backgrounds, especially
with ties to Hawai‘i, are encouraged to apply. Being able to serve as a secondary
driver when needed is preferred, but not required. Salary will be commensurate
with experience.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and references
to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.
MEM-020-23

Rep. Jamie Raskin, the Ranking Member of the House Committee on Oversight
and Accountability, is seeking a Press Secretary to join the Democratic staff of
the Committee.
Responsibilities include assisting with rapid response strategies; drafting press
releases, statements and other key materials; monitoring and pitching press
coverage; building and maintaining relationships with reporters and bookers;
assisting with digital content creation; and other duties as assigned. The ideal
candidate will have strong research and writing skills, be a proactive team player,
and be able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
This is not an entry-level position. Successful candidates will have several years
of media relations experience. A Bachelor’s degree in journalism, English, public
relations, or a closely-related field is preferred. Previous Hill experience is a plus.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Press Secretary” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover
letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The Oversight and Accountability Committee is the primary investigative
committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate
any matter at any time.

MEM-019-23

Rep. Jamie Raskin, the Ranking Member of the House Committee on Oversight
and Accountability, is seeking a Chief Counsel to join the Democratic staff of
the Committee.
Responsibilities include managing a team of investigators; overseeing
investigations, hearings, depositions, transcribed interviews, and briefings; and
developing rapid response strategies. Candidates must have superior attention to
Page 11 of 34

detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written
and oral communication skills. Successful candidates will have several years of
congressional oversight and direct investigations experience. A law degree is
required. Prior management experience is strongly preferred.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Chief Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter
with the file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume”
and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or dropins, please.
Responses to this posting may be used to fill additional senior-level vacancies.
The Committee on Oversight and Accountability is the primary investigative
committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate
any matter at any time.
MEM-018-23

SUMMARY:
Congresswoman Valerie Foushee is seeking an organized, detail-oriented
individual to serve in the position of Constituent Services Liaison (Caseworker)
in a fast-paced and highly collaborative District office.
The Constituent Services Liaison (Caseworker) monitors and updates the
Member and District Director on district and local issues. This position acts as a
liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for the Member and constituents and
answers casework correspondence and verbal communications with constituents.
North Carolina and/or NC-04 ties are preferred, but not required.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
• Acts as the representative for the Member and/or District Director within their
area of responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting
with constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a
liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
• Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in their assigned
issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents;
• Handles casework assignments, including helping resolve constituents’ issues
with federal agencies in a timely and effective manner;
• Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Member;
• Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the Legislative Director, District Director, and Chief of
Staff;
• Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
• Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
• Trains and assist with supervising Staff Assistants, including interns, to handle
office matters such as logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling
Page 12 of 34

visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
• Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
• Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in their assigned issue areas;
• Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
• Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
• Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
• Accepts performance-based criticism and directions;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
• Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
• Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least 2 years of experience; strong academic credentials.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Working knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
• Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
• Professional telephone matter;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
• Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
• Positive attitude, willingness to work through tough problems, ability to interact
well with the public;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
• Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge of office computer applications; and
• Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
• This is a full-time and in-person position.
• Field duties require work during regular office hours and some nights and
weekends. Additionally, employees must hold a valid driver’s license.
Page 13 of 34

• Employees must be able to work in a moderately noisy work environment
without an expectation of privacy.
SALARY RANGE:
• $50,000-$60,000 (based on experience)
To apply, please send an email to NC04resumes@mail.house.gov with your
cover letter, resume, and three references in one combined PDF attachment.
Please use the following format for the subject line: Your full name - Constituent
Services Liaison.
MEM-016-23

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai’i - 01) is seeking a Staff Assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities run the range of assisting the legislative, constituent services and
administrative functions of the office, to include: monitoring, processing and
responding to constituent mail and other communications, managing constituent
tours and other needs, and coordinating DC and district office issues. As needed
and depending on capability, the position also encompasses legislative duties.
Direct report is to the Chief of Staff although the Congressman is routinely
involved in all aspects of his office operations.
Strong preference given to (1) prior Capitol Hill experience and (2) Hawai’i
background, and applicants are asked to detail these attributes. The position also
requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work
independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills,
and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “DC Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-015-23

Rep. Josh Gottheimer seeks qualified candidates for the position of Director of
Operations in his DC office.
Ideal candidates will have:
•A Bachelor’s degree or related job experience
•3-5 years of operations experience in a Congressional office, on a political
campaign, or in another fast-paced administrative environment.
•At least one year of management experience.
•Excellent attention to detail, and strong organizational skills.
•Sound judgment.
•Strong communication skills.
•Capacity to communicate with a wide variety of personalities in a tactful,
Page 14 of 34

courteous, and professional manner
•Willingness to accept direction and guidance on performance and process
improvements from the Chief of Staff and Member.
•The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions.
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
•The ability to work flexible hours including long hours, nights, and weekends.
Responsibilities include:
•Ability to perform each of the essential job functions set forth below.
•Serving as a member of the Congressman’s senior staff
•Supervising the Scheduler and DC Staff Assistant including providing feedback
and conducting performance reviews.
•Knowledge of and adherence to office policies, procedures, and practices
•Managing the scheduling and operations process end to end with minimal direct
involvement from the Chief of Staff and other senior staff including:
•Working with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between
commitments.
•Working with the Scheduler to evaluate and schedule incoming requests and
invitations in DC and the District.
•Working with the operations team to ensure that briefing materials are provided
for each event and meeting and ensuring that staff have appropriate advance
notice of needs.
•Ensuring office policies are followed.
•Ensuring office supplies and routine office purchases are kept up to date.
•Ensuring travel arrangements are properly coordinated.
•Other duties as assigned.
This position reports to the Chief of Staff.
Consistent with applicable law, the Office requires all staff to be fully vaccinated
against COVID-19 as a term and condition of employment unless a medical or
religious exemption is approved.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with
Page 15 of 34

“Director of Operations - Last Name” as the subject line
to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-014-23

Congressman Clay Higgins (LA-03) is seeking a Legislative Director for his
Washington, DC office.
Job Responsibilities & Related Duties:
•Serve as the primary legislative policy advisor to the Member;
•Develop and implement both short-term and long-term legislative plans to help
advance the Member’s policy initiatives;
•Prepare the Member for floor activity, including votes, floor speeches, timing
and procedural motions;
•Prepare the Member for meetings with constituents, interest groups, and other
stakeholders;
•Manage the legislative staff, delegate issue portfolios, and further the
development of junior staffers;
•Coordinate vote recommendations from the legislative staff and present them to
the Member;
•Review legislation and congressional letters for potential co-sponsorship;
•Oversee constituent correspondence operations, editing mail and ensuring timely
delivery.
Candidates should have at least three years of legislative experience. Qualified
candidates should email a cover letter and resume to LA03jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-013-23

TITLE: Subcommittee on Health Professional Staff Member, U.S. House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Health
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Assist the Subcommittee Staff Director in advising the Full Committee
leadership and Subcommittee leadership on legislative initiatives
•Conduct oversight of Subcommittee issue areas, to include Department
implementation of laws, regulations, and programs
•Monitor legislative needs and developments within committees and on the
House floor within specific issue areas of responsibility
•Under the guidance of Subcommittee Staff Director, provide advice on policy
matters within issue areas and help Subcommittee Staff Director develop and
implement strategic and policy goals
•Draft hearing, markup and floor statements for the Full Committee leadership
and Subcommittee leadership
•Assist in determining Full Committee and Subcommittee hearing topics and
prepare for hearings
•Assist in the proposing and drafting of legislation for the Committee
•Meet with congressional staff and internal/external organizations on behalf of
Page 16 of 34

the Committee
•Perform other duties as assigned by Subcommittee Staff Director, Full
Committee Deputy Staff Director, and Full Committee Staff Director
Minimum Qualifications:
•4-year college degree required
•At least three years of congressional or Administration experience resulting in
direct, working knowledge of the Committee/Subcommittee’s substantive
jurisdiction required; five years strongly preferred
•Occasional travel, both domestic and international, may be required.
Required Skills:
•Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills (additional writing sample
may be required prior to an offer being extended)
•Excellent oral communication skills
•Thorough knowledge of legislative process, and grasp of House Rules
•Demonstrate ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the
formulation and recommendation of policy positions
•Knowledge of current issues and events in which the Full Committee leadership
is involved
•Ability to develop relationships with diverse groups and individuals
•Ability to work long hours, under pressure, and cooperatively and courteously
with others
•Attention to detail and demonstrated responsiveness to taskings and assignments
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, three professional

Page 17 of 34

references, and a writing sample to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Health
Subcommittee Professional Staff” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-012-23

The Office of Congresswoman Jennifer Wexton (VA-10) seeks a communityminded individual to serve as a Constituent Services Representative in her
Manassas, Virginia District Office.
This staff member is responsible for addressing requests for assistance from
individual constituents and organizations with primarily federal government
resources and programs. The position also includes interaction with the
Congresswoman’s D.C. office on related legislative and administrative matters,
as well as staffing the Congresswoman at various events, including some evening
and weekend hours.
Qualified candidates should be hardworking and able to problem solve, possess
excellent oral and written communication skills and ability to listen actively, and
be able to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines. Characteristics of a
successful candidate include initiative, interpersonal skills, an interest in
government and assisting others, and the ability to work independently and
effectively under pressure.
In particular, applicants will have: (1) prior experience especially in comparable
duties including customer service or social work; (2) Virginia
background/community involvement; (3) experience evaluating, synthesizing,
and articulating issues in a thoughtful and respectful manner in support of
constituents’ needs and the Congresswoman’s initiatives; (4) extensive
knowledge of a broad range of community resources and services from which to
draw on when addressing constituent; and (5) comfortability with documenting
casework progression in a computer database and performing research using
online tools.
The position will report to the District Director and Chief of Staff. Spanish
language skills are a plus. Although the position interacts directly with the
Washington, D.C. office from time to time, the ideal candidate is an individual
who is seeking to live and work in the community that this position is designed to
serve.
This office is an equal opportunity employer, and minority candidates and
candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to casework.wexton@mail.house.gov with “Constituent Services
Representative” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins.

MEM-011-23

Communications Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)

Page 18 of 34

The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Communications Director to
lead an active communications operation.
This position manages both the long-term strategic communications strategy and
day-to-day press for the Caucus, ranging from drafting statements on news of the
day, to responding to press inquiries and pitching stories, to managing the CBC’s
social media accounts and website, to setting up press availability opportunities
(i.e., press conferences, press calls, or pen/pads), to developing and executing a
long-term communications plan.
In addition to managing the communications of the CBC, this position also serves
as a resource to all CBC Member offices to provide any communications counsel
they may need. The Communications Director’s responsibilities will include:
• Working closely with the Executive Director and Policy Director to raise the
policy agenda and platform of the Caucus through strategic messaging, earned
media, and public outreach
• Substantial experience with and knowledge of Congressional affairs and the
legislative process
• Experience with media pitching, booking television appearances/interviews,
prepping a principal for print & television interviews/appearances
• Extensive relationships with DC and National print & television media
• Excellent oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work under pressure and meet quick deadlines
• Experience with communications including, social media, press releases, talking
points, etc.
• Demonstrated experience working effectively with diverse coalitions
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential.
Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability to multitask, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player. This is not an
entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of
House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample/portfolio
to Vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-009-23

Progressive California Democrat and member of the House Ways and Means
Committee seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle an active portfolio of health,
defense, veterans, climate, and other policy issues as assigned.

Page 19 of 34

This position will lead the Member’s work on the Ways and Means
Subcommittee on Health. Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the
Member in hearings and markups, developing and advancing legislation and
other policy priorities, researching and advising the Member on policy issues and
vote recommendations, drafting talking points and speeches, and representing the
Member in meetings and events. The salary range for this position is $70-85,000,
commensurate with experience.
The successful candidate will be an independent worker and self-starter, possess
the capacity to produce high quality work in a fast-paced environment, and have
strong communication and writing skills. Candidate must be able to synthesize
complex technical information under tight deadlines and be able to work well
with a variety of competing interest groups and diverse stakeholders. Preferred
candidates will have a background in health policy and relevant legislative
experience. This is not an entry level position. Must possess a positive attitude, a
good sense of humor and thrive in a team environment.
Please e-mail your resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to
ca28.jobs@gmail.com and list “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. This
office is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. A full COVID vaccination course, regardless of recovery from prior
coronavirus illness, is a condition of employment.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-404-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a Staff Assistant for his
Honolulu district office.
Duties include but are not limited to constituent communications including calls
for general information and other inquiries and representing the office at
community events.
This position also is responsible for a wide variety of administrative duties, and
acts as a liaison to the federal, district and local government agencies on behalf of
the Congressman on requests by constituents seeking assistance with
individual/group issues. Staff Assistant will report directly to the Deputy Chief of
Staff in the Honolulu office, although the position also interacts directly with the
Congressman, Chief of Staff, and his Washington, D.C. office.
Very strong preference given to (1) prior experience, especially in comparable
duties and (2) Hawai‘i background/community involvement and applicants are
asked to detail these attributes. The position also requires initiative, strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and effectively
Page 20 of 34

under pressure, make decisions, and solve problems, orientation to detail,
excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and unpredictable hours as
necessary.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-007-23

TITLE: Benefits Investigator, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, U.S. House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability
Assistance and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Conduct oversight of Subcommittee issue areas, to include Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA) implementation of laws, regulations, and programs
•Visit VA Regional Benefits Offices to perform oversight of Subcommittee issue
areas locally
•Build relationships with internal and external partners, including contacts within
the VA and other government agencies, to promote and enact the legislative and
oversight agenda of the Subcommittee
•Under the guidance of Subcommittee Staff Director, provide advice on policy
matters within issue areas and help Subcommittee Staff Director develop and
implement strategic and policy goals
•Draft hearing, markup and floor statements for the Full Committee leadership
and Subcommittee leadership
•Assist in determining Full Committee and Subcommittee hearing topics and
prepare for hearings
•Assist the Subcommittee Staff Director in advising the Full Committee
leadership and Subcommittee leadership on legislative initiatives
•Perform other duties as assigned by Subcommittee Staff Director, Full
Committee Deputy Staff Director, and Full Committee Staff Director
Minimum Qualifications:
•Bachelor of Arts or Sciences
•Congressional, Administration, Government Agency, or relevant industry
background experience resulting in direct, working knowledge of the
Committee/Subcommittee’s substantive jurisdiction is required; at least three
years strongly preferred
•May be required to undergo a Public Trust Background Investigation
•Occasional travel may be required
Required Skills:
•Ability to establish working relationships
•Excellent oral communication skills
•Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills (writing test may be
administered prior to an offer being extended)
Page 21 of 34

•Demonstrate ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the
formulation and recommendation of policy positions
•Working knowledge of the legislative process
•Ability to work long hours, under pressure, and cooperatively and courteously
with others
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, three professional
references, and three writing samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“DAMA Benefits Investigator” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-006-23

TITLE: Full Committee General Counsel and Subcommittee on Disability
Assistance and Memorial Affairs Professional Staff Member, U.S. House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability
Assistance and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Ensures compliance with House Rules, Committee Rules, Republican Caucus
Rules, and parliamentary procedure
•Serves as the legal advisor to the Republican Committee Leader and Committee
staff
•Monitors legislation outside of the Committee, especially bills going to the
House Floor, that are relevant to the Committee’s work
•Assist the Subcommittee Staff Director in advising the Full Committee
Page 22 of 34

leadership and Subcommittee leadership on legislative initiatives
•Conduct oversight of Subcommittee issue areas, to include Department
implementation of laws, regulations, and programs
•Monitor legislative needs and developments within committees and on the
House floor within specific issue areas of responsibility
•Under the guidance of Subcommittee Staff Director, provide advice on policy
matters within issue areas and help Subcommittee Staff Director develop and
implement strategic and policy goals
•Draft hearing, markup and floor statements for the Full Committee leadership
and Subcommittee leadership
•Assist in determining Full Committee and Subcommittee hearing topics and
prepare for hearings
•Assist in the proposing and drafting of legislation for the Committee
•Meet with congressional staff and internal/external organizations on behalf of
the Committee
•Perform other duties as assigned by Subcommittee Staff Director, Full
Committee Deputy Staff Director, and Full Committee Staff Director
Minimum Qualifications:
•Juris Doctor from an ABA accredited law school and admitted to practice law in
any state or territory
•At least three years of congressional or Administration experience resulting in
direct, working knowledge of the Committee/Subcommittee’s substantive
jurisdiction required; five years strongly preferred
•May be required to undergo a Public Trust Background Investigation
•Occasional travel may be required
Required Skills:
•Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills (writing test may be
administered prior to an offer being extended)
•Excellent oral communication skills
•Thorough knowledge of legislative process, and understanding of House Rules
•Demonstrate ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the
formulation and recommendation of policy positions
•Knowledge of current issues and events in which the Full Committee leadership
is involved
•Ability to work long hours, under pressure, and cooperatively and courteously
with others
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
Page 23 of 34

•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, three professional
references, and three writing samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“FC General Counsel and DAMA Professional Staff Member” in the subject line.
No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-005-23

Title: Staff Assistant, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
Reports to: Deputy Staff Director, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
Provides general administrative support to staff, staffs front office and phones,
processes mail, and assists with other duties as assigned.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provide front office administrative coverage to include greeting visitors,
answering phones, and processing mail.
•Maintain files for mail, bills, reports, and public laws, and other legislative
papers.
•Prepare binders for full committee events (hearings, markups, floor, etc.).
•Conduct attendance polls for full committee hearings and markups.
•Coordinate floor time requests for Republicans seeking to speak on legislation.
•Review the Congressional Record daily for information that impacts the
Committee.
•Maintain contact lists for committee staff and committee member personal office
staff.
•Maintain Republican email distribution lists.
•Monitor office supplies to ensure that staff have needed supplies.
•Serve as the secondary Office Safety Coordinator.
•Perform other duties as assigned.
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
Page 24 of 34

•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, references, and three
writing samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-004-23

Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
Position Description
Title: Chief Clerk
First Line Supervisor: Deputy Staff Director
Second Line Supervisor: Staff Director
Qualifications:
•Excellent communication skills
•Strong organizational skills
•Attention to detail
•Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills
•Knowledge of the legislative process
•Knowledge of House record-keeping requirements
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
•Punctual
Duties/Responsibilities:
•Ensures timely release of accurate, official hearing and markup documents per
House and Committee rules
•Prepares hearing room for all Committee hearings, meetings, markups, and GOP
roundtables, including preparation of materials for members, the court reporter,
and media
•Clerks all committee hearings, meetings, and markups
•Prepare and release official hearing advisories and meeting notices for the
Committee using House Committee Repository
•Remains current on House Rules and rule changes relating to the clerk’s duties.
Page 25 of 34

•Serves as Office Emergency Coordinator
•Manages the front office, including but not limited to answering phones and
greeting visitors.
•Performs other duties as assigned
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, references, and three
writing samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Chief Clerk” in the
subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-002-23

Rep. Marcy Kaptur (D-OH-09) seeks an experienced legislative staffer and
Policy Advisor to handle a portfolio including energy and environmental issues
(both in the personal office and as a liaison to Appropriations Subcommittee staff
in her role as Ranking Member), as well as transportation, technology,
infrastructure, and judiciary issues.
Candidates must be familiar with the energy and environment portfolio, the
Appropriations process, have a deep understanding of the legislative process
including crafting and advancing legislation, analyzing and briefing a Senior
Member of Congress on complex policy issues, and drafting a wide array of
written materials (including materials for Committee and Floor activities).
Experience with Great Lakes issues and connections to the region are preferred
but not required.
Strong written and verbal communication skills and a demonstrated ability to
work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment are critical. At least five years

Page 26 of 34

of relevant experience is encouraged, and Congressional experience is strongly
preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply. Applicants should email a resume, cover
letter, two writing samples, and references as individual files in PDF format
to Steve.Katich@mail.house.gov “Appropriations Associate/Advisor” in the
subject line. No phone calls, faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.
MEM-626-22

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for an investigative counsel position.
The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members
and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position
which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from
political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas
is desirable: government ethics; campaign finance; criminal law; employment
law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil
litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and
financial accounting. The salary range for this position is $130,441-$138,856.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel”
in the subject line.

MEM-625-22

STAFF ASSISTANT
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include
assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining the
Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and
processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in
setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with
accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.

Page 27 of 34

Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $47,093 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-620-22

Communications Director – Congressional Hispanic Caucus (CHC)
Location: Washington, DC
The Congressional Hispanic Caucus (CHC) is seeking a Communications
Director. Successful candidates should have previous experience working directly
with Members of Congress, knowledge of the legislative process, significant Hill
experience and/or experience doing advocacy work on issues of importance to
Hispanic communities.
The Communications Director will be responsible for working closely with the
Executive Director and CHC Chair to execute the vision of the CHC Chair and
members; managing CHC press interns|fellows; developing communications
plans and doing extensive press & media outreach; running the CHC social media
accounts & website; and working to place CHC Chair and members on television,
radio, and in print.
The ideal candidate will be a self-starter and strong leader; have a strong attention
to detail; be highly organized and able to put in place effective and efficient
processes to complete required tasks; and have the ability to work in an extremely
fast-paced and demanding environment.
Ability to speak and write fluently in Spanish is strongly preferred.
Applicants should have the following qualifications:
•Substantial experience with and knowledge of Congressional affairs and the
legislative process
•Knowledge of the CHC’s policy agenda
•Experience with media pitching, booking television appearances|interviews,
prepping a principal for print & television interviews|appearances
•Extensive relationships with DC and National print & television media (incl.
Spanish language print & television media)
•Excellent oral and written communication skills
•Ability to work under pressure and meet quick deadlines
•Experience with communications including, social media, press releases, talking
points, etc.
•Demonstrated experience working effectively with diverse coalitions
Page 28 of 34

This is a senior-level position. Non-traditional work hours are expected.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-4 years of Capitol Hill or equivalent
experience.
Submit cover letter, resume, and short writing sample
to Liam.Forsythe@mail.house.gov.
MEM-619-22

Executive Director – Congressional Hispanic Caucus (CHC)
Location: Washington, DC
The Congressional Hispanic Caucus (CHC) is seeking an Executive Director.
Successful candidates should have previous experience working directly with
Members of Congress, knowledge of the legislative process, significant Hill
experience and/or experience doing advocacy work on issues of importance to
Hispanic communities.
The Executive Director will be responsible for executing the vision of the CHC
Chair; managing CHC staff; developing strategy and communications plans; and
organizing meetings and strategic planning with the CHC Chair and the CHC’s
42 Members.
The ideal candidate will be a self-starter and strong leader; have a strong attention
to detail; be highly organized and able to put in place effective and efficient
processes to complete required tasks; and have the ability to work in an extremely
fast-paced and demanding environment.
Ability to speak and write fluently in Spanish is strongly preferred.
Applicants should have the following qualifications:
•Substantial experience with and knowledge of Congressional affairs and the
legislative process
•Knowledge of the CHC’s policy agenda
•Excellent oral and written communication skills
•Ability to work under pressure and meet quick deadlines
•Experience with communications including, social media, press releases, talking
points, etc.
•Leadership and management experience
•Demonstrated experience working effectively with diverse coalitions
This is a senior-level position. Non-traditional work hours are expected.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-4 years of Capitol Hill or equivalent
experience.
Submit cover letter, resume, and short writing sample
to Liam.Forsythe@mail.house.gov.
Page 29 of 34

MEM-617-22

House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs (Majority)
Subcommittee on Technology Modernization
Professional Staff Member
Core Responsibilities:
•Under the supervision of the Subcommittee Staff Director, conduct oversight of
the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) enterprise technology programs and
projects, including Electronic Health Record Modernization, as well its
information technology operations.
•Collect technical information and translate it into briefings, memoranda, hearing
materials, and policy recommendations for a general audience.
•In addition to information technology, the Subcommittee covers many of VA’s
administrative and management functions, including acquisition, project
management, finance, procurement, supply chain, and human capital.
•Meet with congressional staff, veteran service organizations, technical
organizations, and internal and external stakeholders.
•Perform other duties as assigned by the Subcommittee Staff Director, Committee
Staff Director, and Committee Deputy Staff Director.
Qualifications:
•Undergraduate degree
•At least five years of relevant work experience, including prior congressional
committee or federal agency experience
•Some level of subject matter expertise in information technology and federal
agency administrative or management issues
•Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
•Excellent oral communication skills
•Thoroughness and attention to detail
•Discretion and sound judgment in formulating and recommending policy
positions
•Knowledge of current issues and events relevant to the Committee and VA
•Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and
courteous
•Work independently as well as in teams
•This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
•Some domestic travel is required.
Benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Page 30 of 34

•Federal Transit Benefit or parking
•Student Loan Repayment Program
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume
to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Technology Modernization
Professional Staff Member” in the subject line. Writing samples and references
may be requested. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-611-22

The Republican Staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a highly organized
and detail-oriented Committee Clerk.
Clerks are responsible for the preparation of all committee activities, such as
hearings and markups. Clerks ensure the committee is run efficiently by
maintaining and organizing all committee records as well as assisting with the
administrative functions of the committee. Qualified applicants will have at least
one year of Hill experience as well as working knowledge of how Congressional
committees operate.
Candidates can email their resume to Kiley.Bidelman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-610-22

The Republican Staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a Staff Assistant
to perform administrative functions, research projects, and other special
assignments.
Ideal candidates will have previous Hill experience and be knowledgeable about
or interested in the Judiciary Committee. The ideal candidate will possess strong
research and writing skills, a demonstrated attention to detail, the ability to
multitask in a fast-paced environment, work well on teams, and be willing to
accomplish a variety of assignments quickly and effectively.
Candidates can email their resume to Kiley.Bidelman@mail.house.gov.

Page 31 of 34

MEM-604-22

Job Description – Communications Director
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced, creative, and highly motivated Communications Director to lead
media and strategy efforts for her Washington, D.C. and Seattle, WA offices.
An ideal candidate will:
●Possess strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to
multitask while thriving in a fast-paced setting under tight deadlines;
●Have experience working directly with local and national reporters, bookers,
and other members of the media to proactively pitch stories and respond to
inquiries;
● Think strategically and creatively while designing, implementing, and
evaluating both short and long-term communications plans in addition to leading
rapid response efforts;
●Have a proven track record of writing in the voice of a principal (op-eds,
speeches, statements, messaging, talking points, digital content, etc.) and
explaining policy issues in ways that people can easily understand;
●Know how to operate directly with a principal and collaboratively across
departments while demonstrating experience managing a team;
●Understand the digital media landscape and current digital trends, with
experience overseeing a digital program;
●Have a strong record of advocating for progressive values;
●Be willing to staff the Congresswoman for press, and work weekends and
irregular hours.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Developing and executing the office’s communications strategy for Capitol Hill
and WA-07, including national and local press, messaging, writing, events, and
digital;
●Working directly with the Congresswoman to prepare and staff her for
interviews, speeches, press conferences, public events, roundtables, and other
opportunities;
● Building and sustaining strong relationships with local and national reporters
(including Capitol Hill reporters, local reporters, and issue-specific reporters at
national outlets), editors, columnists, producers, bookers, and advocacy groups;
●Proactively and strategically engaging in media outreach, including pitching
reporters while also fielding and responding to press inquiries at the local and
national levels;
●Serving as the spokesperson (on the record, on background, and off the record)
for the Congresswoman;
●Drafting written materials including press statements, quotes, speeches,
remarks, op-eds, press releases and advisories, and talking points;
●Designing creative plans to effectively roll out legislation, letters, and other
policy initiatives that include press components, and events;
●Overseeing a robust, aggressive, engaging, and data-driven online
communications program;
Page 32 of 34

●Supervising and partnering with the Digital Director, who manages all digital
and online
content, to maintain strategic messaging across official channels while
collaborating with Progressive Caucus staff;
●Working collaboratively with the District Office to ensure a consistently strong
local/state media presence while collaborating with the legislative team on a daily
basis;
● Participating in the senior team along with the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of
Staff, District Director and Legislative Director.
This is a senior level position. Applicants must have a proven track record of
working with the press, and a minimum of two years of experience as a press
secretary or communications director is required. Previous experience on
campaigns (political, legislative, or issue-based) and on Capitol Hill is preferred.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include the following in their application:
●Résumé
●Cover letter
●Three writing samples including an op-ed or speech and a statement
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-582-22

Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s District Office has an immediate need to hire a
full-time Field Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team in Orange County.
Basic Functions
The Field Representative serves an important role in the Member’s Congressional
District, acting as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents. They are responsible for strengthening community
relations and assessing casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or
Congressional oversight.
Duties
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative briefs the Member in preparation for district meetings with
constituents and acts as the representative for the Member by attending events
and meetings. This includes public speaking and certificate presentations.
The Field Representative will:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
Page 33 of 34

•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
•Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
•Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
Requirements
•Expertise developing and executing a community relations strategy
•Experience in maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders
•Political savvy and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible scheduling, including nights and
weekends
•Constituent service oriented; patient empathetic, and desire to help constituents
Position Qualifications/Education
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public
service and familiarity with Orange County is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline
Salary range is $49,000-$57,000. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to
Stephanie Hu, District Director, Office of Congresswoman
Steel Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.

Page 34 of 34

