________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 10, 2023

MEM-219-23

Congresswoman Robin Kelly (IL-02) seeks a District Press/Digital Assistant
for her Hyde Park, IL or Matteson, IL office who is a highly motivated and
detail-oriented individual with experience in communications, digital media, and
social media.
This position will work closely with and report to the Communications Director
to assist with press operations - such as talking points, press events, and direct
constituent communications - and produce digital content across social media
platforms.
The ideal candidate will be creative, politically astute, have a strong proficiency
in crafting social media content across social media platforms, and will be a team
player with an ability to handle multiple tasks at once. Excellent writing and
strong organizational skills are essential, 1-2 years of relevant experience
(including internships) is preferred. Illinois ties are a plus.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Compiling daily press clips
•Drafting press releases, op-eds, advisories, newsletters, and other written
materials
•Creating social media content and website content
•Attending and assisting at District outreach events
•Creating engaging graphics
Page 1 of 34

•Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
•Creating and maintaining press lists
•Staffing the Congresswoman for in-district press opportunities
•Organizing the responsibilities of the communications department to ensure all
priorities are given adequate attention
•Other tasks as needed
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
•Excellent oral & written communication skills
•Some photo, video, or web experience
•Ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks
•Comfortable with a constituent-facing role
•Basic understanding of the Congressional political process
This is a full-time position based in Congresswoman Kelly’s Illinois office.
Salary rage is $45,000-$60,000 commensurate with experience. Employees are
expected to work from the office with some work from home flexibilities. This
office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex (including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national
origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Interested candidates must submit an application
to Eliana.locke@mail.house.gov by April 21st, 2023 with the following subject
line: “Last Name – Press/Digital Assistant.” Candidates should submit a single
PDF saved with LastName.FirstName.PressAssistant and include:
•Cover letter
•Resume
•Two writing samples
MEM-218-23

Rep. Raul Ruiz M.D. is seeking a Senior Legislative Assistant
Rep. Raul Ruiz M.D. is seeking an experienced legislative staffer to handle a
diverse policy portfolio of issues, primarily focused energy, water, natural
resources, and immigration. This position also covers the Congressman’s work on
the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Environment, Manufacturing, and
Critical Materials. Responsibilities include developing legislative initiatives;
drafting and tracking legislation and letters; drafting memos and talking points
for the Member; coordinating with communications and district staff on press
events; meeting with stakeholders; and engaging in proactive outreach. This is
not an entry level position.
Candidates should possess in-depth knowledge of the legislative process;
excellent writing, verbal, and organizational skills; work well under pressure;
have a positive attitude; and thrive in a fast-paced environment. Spanish language
skills are preferred, but not required. Successful candidates must possess a proven

Page 2 of 34

track record of developing and implementing legislative strategy to achieve
Member priorities.
California ties a plus. We strongly encourage women, people of color,
LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, veterans, and members of other
underrepresented communities to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. This is an in-person position in
Washington, D.C. with remote work opportunities available, as well as periodic
travel to the District may be required. The position is eligible for transit benefits
and student loan repayment assistance.
Please submit cover letter and resume to CARuizJobs@mail.house.gov and
please include Sr. Legislative Assistant in the Subject Line. Please no walk-ins or
phone calls.
MEM-217-23

The House Appropriations Committee Minority seeks an experienced
Speechwriter.
Competitive candidates will possess the ability to write clearly, persuasively, and
concisely with strong attention to detail. Candidates should have the flexibility to
work under tight deadlines and write about a wide range of topics. In this
position, flexibility and collaboration are as vital as attention to voice and
creativity.
The ideal candidate has at least two years of prior hill or campaign
communications experience, with a preference for candidates with knowledge of
the Appropriations process.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
1.Managing the production of all oral statements and op-eds for the Ranking
Member and other Members of the Committee.
2.Collaborating with the Communications Director, committee staff, and the
Ranking Member’s personal office to produce robust speeches with approved
messaging, as well as well-sourced facts and figures.
3.Writing statements, speeches, op-eds, talking points, messaging guidance, fact
sheets, newsletters, and social media copy.
4.Executing other press responsibilities including compiling the morning clips,
sending out press releases in a timely manner, managing the press list, updating
the website, and other duties as assigned.
Beyond these duties, there is room for candidates to explore other interests
including the creation of graphics, videos, and other digital material. This office
is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply.
Page 3 of 34

Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three professional references,
and two relevant writing samples to AppropsDemJobs@mail.house.gov with the
following subject line: [Full Name] – Speechwriter
MEM-216-23

Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro seeks a full-time press secretary/digital
director or press assistant/digital assistant in her New Haven office. Title and
salary commensurate with experience.
The press secretary/digital director will manage district and digital
communications in a fast-paced congressional office. Responsibilities include
responding to daily media inquiries, building relationships with state and local
reporters, maintaining the Congresswoman’s social media accounts and digital
presence, planning and organizing district press events, writing press releases and
media advisories, compiling and distributing district press clips, coordinating
with district staff on community outreach, photographing and videoing the
Congresswoman at press conferences, advocacy engagements, meetings, and
hearings, and assisting the communications director as needed.
Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills, a selfstarting personality, a desire to continually learn in political communications,
ability to work in a fast-pace congressional office, and an eagerness to work in a
collaborative office environment. This is not an entry-level position.
Candidates should submit a resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to CT03jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-215-23

Staff Assistant Opening – East Hartford, CT: Rep. John Larson seeks Staff
Assistant for East Hartford, CT office. Responsibilities include managing the
front office, welcoming office visitors, supervising interns, organizing incoming
mail and phone messages, providing general administrative support to the office,
and other duties as assigned.
The position requires strong written and oral communication skills, attention to
detail, along with the ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.
While not required, fluency in Spanish is a plus.
Salary is commensurate with experience. The benefits package includes health,
dental, and vision insurance, retirement benefits, transit or parking benefits, 18
days of paid vacation, and 12 weeks of paid FMLA. Student loan repayment is
also available.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women, minorities,
and LGBTQ candidates to apply. Please submit resume, cover letter, one short
writing sample (one page max), and two references
to ct01SA@mail.house.gov with “District Staff Assistant – [your last name]” in
the subject line. Please send all materials in ONE PDF. No calls or drop-ins,
Page 4 of 34

please. The deadline to apply is April 16, 2023 with applications considered on a
rolling basis.
MEM-214-23

LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR – Congressman Jake Auchincloss (MA-04),
member of the House Transportation & Infrastructure Committee and the House
Select Committee on Strategic Competition between the U.S. and the Chinese
Communist Party, is seeking an experienced Legislative Director to coordinate
and oversee the Member’s legislative agenda, along with advising the Member on
legislative activities and managing the legislative staff.
Candidate must have at least 4 years of legislative experience on the Hill.
Candidate should possess a strong understanding of the legislative process,
including House organization and procedures, as well as managerial experience.
Applicant must also demonstrate an ability to manage and mentor staff, think
strategically, and have experience in formulating strategic plans for advancing
legislation. Strong prior experience with healthcare policy is required.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. A sense of
humor is greatly appreciated.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with “LD – First Name Last Name” in the
Subject Line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. No phone calls,
faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status, or
any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

MEM-213-23

Congressman Ami Bera (CA-06) seeks a Staff Assistant for the Washington
D.C. office.
The office is looking for a motivated self-starter with outstanding customer
service, excellent time-management, and strong organizational skills.
Primary responsibilities include: managing the front office including answering
telephone calls and greeting visitors; recruiting and supervising interns; managing
flag and tour requests; supporting the legislative and communications staff;
assisting with constituent mail responses and other administrative duties.
Ideal candidates will have relevant experience, excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal skills, demonstrate the ability to think on their feet to solve
problems, and maintain a positive demeanor in a busy and fast-paced
environment.
Page 5 of 34

This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. Access to
a car and a clean driving record are preferred.
Please submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF document
to jobs.ca06@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant - DC” in the subject line. No walkins or phone calls.
MEM-211-23

Rep. Josh Gottheimer seeks qualified candidates for the position of Senior
Scheduler in his DC office.
Ideal candidates will have:
•A Bachelor’s degree or related job experience
•1-3 years of operations experience in a Congressional office, on a political
campaign, or in another fast-paced administrative environment.
•Excellent attention to detail, and strong organizational skills.
•Sound judgment.
•Strong communication skills.
•Capacity to communicate with a wide variety of personalities in a tactful,
courteous, and professional manner
•Willingness to accept direction and guidance on performance and process
improvements.
•The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions.
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
•The ability to work flexible hours including long hours, nights, and weekends.
Responsibilities include:
•Ability to perform each of the essential job functions set forth below.
•Helping oversee the Scheduler and DC Staff Assistant.
•Knowledge of and adherence to office policies, procedures, and practices.
•Helping manage the operations and scheduling process:
•Working with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between
commitments.
•Working to evaluate and schedule incoming requests and invitations in DC and
the District.
•Working with the operations team to ensure that briefing materials are provided
for each event and meeting and ensuring that staff have appropriate advance
notice of needs.
•Helping to ensure office policies are followed.
•Helping to ensure office supplies and routine office purchases are kept up to
date.
•Helping to ensure travel arrangements are properly coordinated.
•Other duties as assigned.

Page 6 of 34

Consistent with applicable law, the Office requires all staff to be fully vaccinated
against COVID-19 as a term and condition of employment unless a medical or
religious exemption is approved.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with
“Senior Scheduler - Last Name” as the subject line to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-210-23

Background:
REP MIKE GARCIA of CA-27 has an immediate need to hire an experienced
Staff Assistant in his district office.
Job Expectations:
The Staff Assistant will be expected to manage the front desk during office hours,
support the district office staff with administrative office needs. Staff Assistants
often provide the first impression of the office to constituents. The experiences
gained in the Staff Assistant role provide a solid foundation to advance into
positions of increasing responsibility.
Job Duties:
•Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the office to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs
•Handles incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness
•Captures input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office's
consideration and response
•Supervise and provide expectations and feedback for office interns
•Works closely with the Congressman's District Director to ensure office
operations are managed appropriately
•Ensures constituent casework messages are received to the appropriate district
staff in an efficient and effective manner
•Complete certificate requests and coordinate delivery based on individual needs
•Manage incoming and outgoing mail
•Additional duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Effective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
Page 7 of 34

members and leaders in the office required
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
required
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
required
•Attention to detail
•Willingness to learn
Preferences:
•Ties to the district are strongly preferred
•Prior constituent service or customer relationship management
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Knowledge of the district
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume
to Charles.Navarro@mail.house.gov with the subject Staff Assistant: Last Name,
First Name".
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-209-23

STAFF ASSISTANT (NEWTON DISTRICT OFFICE)
OFFICE of CONGRESSMAN JAKE AUCHINCLOSS (MA-04)
SUMMARY:
The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone and answers constituent
requests for general information, tours, and other inquiries. When the
Congressman is in the district, the Staff Assistant assumes primary responsibility
for driving and staffing the Congressman at off-site appointments. This position
also monitors delivery and pickup of materials, maintains the front office, and
assists with various administrative and constituent service duties. The staff
assistant also oversees the district internship program.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Drives and staffs the Congressman at all district events;
*Records all of the Congressman’s remarks and interviews while out in the
district and coordinates with the Communications team;
*Supports the district casework team by assisting with casework intake, tracking,
and follow up with constituents;
*Answers and screens telephone calls for the Congressman and other staff
members;
Page 8 of 34

*Greets and screens visitors;
*Assists persons who have appointments with the Congressman or other staff
members and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the
Congressman's appointments are on time;
*Hires and trains all interns in the Newton and Attleboro district offices;
*Responds to requests for constituent service information;
*Maintains literature regarding the district and House offices for distribution to
visitors;
*Orders all office supplies and maintains office equipment;
*Checks the office voicemail;
*Ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member
in a timely manner;
*Documents visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff and
constituents;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment with respect to
prioritization of work flow and fulfillment of responsibilities in a dynamic and
fluid work environment;
*Excellent organizational, writing, and proofreading skills;
*Ability to perform essential job functions above;
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant and professional manner;
*Access to a car and a clean driving record;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate; and
*Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with “DO Staff Assistant – First Name Last
Name” in the Subject Line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. No
phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
Page 9 of 34

or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status, or
any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
MEM-208-23

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce - Democratic Staff seeks
an experienced and motivated Press Secretary.
The candidate will have strong writing skills, a keen attention to detail, and the
ability to translate complex issues and topics for different audiences across
platforms and medias.
Responsibilities include developing and honing a proactive local press strategy;
pitching, prepping, and staffing the Ranking Member; drafting press releases and
written content; assist with creating talking points and toolkits for the caucus;
maintaining and updating the press list; tracking media; and working with the
Communications team to identify new ways to engage with press and digital
audiences.
This is not an entry level position. Capitol Hill and/or campaign experience is
preferred. Ability to work well with others, willingness to take initiative, manage
competing priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines
are a must.
To apply, applicants must submit a cover letter, resume, two work samples, and
three professional references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Press
Secretary" in the subject line. Please apply no later than April 14, 2023.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to
apply.

MEM-207-23

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce - Democratic Staff seeks
a highly organized, personable, dependable, and professional Staff Assistant for
a very busy front office.
Responsibilities include answering telephones; greeting visitors; processing mail;
assisting with the tracking and processing of committee correspondence;
providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; assisting with
the intern program; and assisting with staff projects. An ability to juggle multiple
tasks is critical. Applicants must have excellent communication and interpersonal
skills and be able to work well in a team environment.
To apply, applicants must submit a cover letter, resume, a short writing sample,
and three references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Staff Assistant" in the
subject line. Please apply no later than April 14, 2023.

Page 10 of 34

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to
apply.
MEM-206-23

Legislative Assistant – Congressman Glenn “GT” Thompson
The Office of Congressman Glenn Thompson (PA-15) seeks a Legislative
Assistant in his personal office to manage the natural resources, energy, and
interior portfolio, among other issues.
Viable candidates will be current legislative staffers with more than one year of
full-time experience and have handled appropriations requests with a proven
legislative track record. The ideal candidate will also have experience working
with other Member offices, committee staff, advocacy groups, industry
associations, and state/federal agencies with the goal of creating a successful
coalition to pass bills and amendments.
Candidates should be self-motivated, able to work in a team environment, and are
ready to take initiative on assigned policy areas. Pennsylvania ties and a sense of
humor are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to Renee.Gamela@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject
line.

MEM-203-23

The Regional Leadership Council (RLC) seeks a Grants Director for
Washington, D.C. Office.
Primary duties include: identifying and coordinating various grant processes
across government agencies, tracking government funding, and assisting
Democratic Member offices with the grants process. Ideal candidates will have
prior experience as a grant coordinator/manager in a Congressional Office.
Successful applicants will be detail-oriented problem solvers who thrive in a fastpaced environment, exercise discretion and maintain confidentiality, and display
strong organizational skills. Candidates must be able to function well in a teamoriented environment. This position will require flexible working hours and
availability by phone and email during evenings and weekends. Prior experience
in grant writing or management or working with government agencies preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 11 of 34

Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, writing sample and a list
of three references to: Resume.Inbox@mail.house.gov. Please put “Grants
Director” in the subject line.
MEM-202-23

D'Esposito Scheduler Position
Looking for an experienced scheduler to coordinate the member’s schedule and
manage day to day logistics. This position will work with the member to manage
the calendar and optimize the member’s time. They will act as the member’s
liaison with congressional committees and offices. Applicants should have at
least 1-2 years of experience.
Please send all qualified candidates to resume.nyork@gmail.com

MEM-201-23

Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (OR-6) seeks a Constituent Services
Representative based in Oregon.
This position serves as a caseworker and facilitator to constituents interacting
with federal agencies. The position focuses on veteran and active military
casework and serves as the Congresswoman’s veteran and military representative
to the public. The position will also have additional casework assignments with
other federal agencies.
Primary duties include answering casework correspondence and communications;
acting as a liaison with Federal, State, and local agencies; assessing casework and
community activities for consideration of legislative action, regular engagement
with constituents; preparing correspondence to agency contacts and constituents;
building relationships with a range of constituents and stakeholders throughout
the district; and handling administrative tasks as assigned.
Qualifications include a service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills,
proficiency at prioritizing and managing multiple tasks at one time, a capacity to
work both independently and as part of a team, and strong written and oral
communications skills. Bachelor’s degree preferred and/or 2 to 3 years of
experience. Spanish-language proficiency is a plus. Some in-district travel will be
expected.
This position is currently based in the Salem, Oregon office, with ability to move
to the
Washington County office once established.
Salary range for this position is $55,00 to $65,00 + benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified candidates
Page 12 of 34

are encouraged
to apply.
Please email cover letter and resume to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with
subject line:
Constituent Services Representative. This position will be open until filled.
MEM-200-23

Rep. Raul Ruiz, M.D., the Ranking Member of the House Select Subcommittee
on the Coronavirus Pandemic, is seeking a Staff Assistant to join the Democratic
staff of the Select Subcommittee.
The ideal candidate will be an enthusiastic, organized, and detail-oriented selfstarter with previous experience working or interning on Capitol Hill.
Responsibilities will include editing letters, maintaining correspondence files and
other records, monitoring phone lines, hosting meetings, and supporting staff on
all aspects of hearings, briefings, and other events. Opportunities to assist
investigative and communications staff with research and press projects will be
available.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover
letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.

MEM-199-23

Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. seeks an experienced Communications Director
for his Washington, D.C. office to lead an active press, digital, and
communications operation.
Job Expectations:
The Communications Director is expected to work closely with the Chief of
Staff, Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and execute a
comprehensive and aggressive strategic plan to inform constituents and the media
on issues that are important to the Congressman.

Page 13 of 34

This includes making media pitches, organizing press events, and reviewing,
drafting, and finalizing statements, remarks/speeches, press releases, media
advisories, and other messaging (e.g., newsletters and social media). Finally, the
Communications Director will oversee an aggressive Franked communications
program, which includes mailers, digital ads, and SMS texting. Successful
candidates will be exceptional writers and have strong experience working in
fast-paced environments and implementing aggressive communications plans.
Job Duties:
•Serve as on-the-record spokesperson
•Develop and implement overall media and communications strategy
•Work with both national and local press to expand reach and presence
•Organize and coordinate events with the media, including working closely with
the district staff to organize in-district events
•Draft speeches/remarks, press releases, media advisories, op-eds, and statements
•Oversee the press team in leading a social media strategy across a variety of
platforms
•Work with the COS to build out a robust franked communication program
Requirements:
•3-5 years of communications experience
•Exceptional writing skills
•Spanish language skills are preferred but not required
•A successful track record of developing a communication strategy for a Member
of Congress, elected official, political campaign, private, and/or non-profit
organization
We strongly encourage women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people
with disabilities, veterans, and members of other underrepresented communities
to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate
based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. This is an in-person position in Washington, D.C. with some
remote work opportunities and travel to the District. The position is eligible for
transit benefits and student loan repayment assistance.
Please submit cover letter, resume and three writing samples
to CARuizJobs@mail.house.gov; and please include Communications Director in
the Subject Line.
MEM-198-23

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Republicans seek an exceptional
candidate for a junior counsel position.
Ideally the candidate would be a recent law school graduate with 1-2 years of
either Hill experience or relevant outside experience working in foreign affairs.
The junior counsel will assist the majority’s lawyers and professional staff
Page 14 of 34

members with a wide array of oversight, legislative and parliamentarian functions
related to the Department of State, USAID, and the U.S. Agency for Global
Media.
Knowledge of State Department management and operations, is a plus but not a
requirement. Responsibilities include supporting the committee on matters of law
and policy; writing legislation; coordinating hearings and witnesses; drafting
memos and briefing materials; conducting document review and corresponding
with relevant agencies regarding oversight requests; and monitoring incoming
congressional notifications and reports.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to joseph.martin@mail.house.gov.
MEM-197-23

Senior Advisor / Special Assistant to the Member
(District Office)
Office of Congresswoman Jill Tokuda
SUMMARY:
This position staffs the Member on Oahu and manages some district office
operations. This position acts as a liaison to federal, state, and local agencies for
the Member and constituents and answers casework correspondence and verbal
communications with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Staffs the Member while on Oahu and on other islands as needed, including but
not limited to:
*Driving Member to and from meetings and events.
*Taking pictures and collecting corresponding contact information.
*Taking notes and ensuring follow up.
*Keeping Member on schedule.
*Oversees the completion of the Congressional Art and App Competitions.
*Acts as the point person for grants outreach and education for the office.
*Oversees delegation and completion of proclamations and certificates.
*Sets up system to receive requests; draft/proof/finalize text; execute and deliver
messages.
*Maintains current list of neighborhood board meetings, ensures coverage, and
prepares reports and compiles responses.
*Completes casework as needed.
*Represents the Member at events and meetings as assigned.
Interested candidates are requested to submit a cover letter and resume
to Kendra.Oishi@mail.house.gov

MEM-196-23

Senior Legislative Assistant or Counsel – Financial Services

Page 15 of 34

Congressman Brad Sherman seeks a Legislative Assistant to staff the House
Financial Services Committee including the Capital Markets Subcommittee on
which the Congressman serves as ranking Democrat.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience in financial services issues.
Experience with issues falling under the jurisdiction of the Capital Markets
Subcommittee is a major plus. Job responsibilities include monitoring and
drafting legislation, representing the Member in meetings/briefings, preparing
materials for committee hearings and markups, maintaining relationships with
advocacy groups, interfacing with government agencies, and other tasks and
assignments as needed.
The successful candidate will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a solid understanding of the legislative process, and knowledge of, and
experience with, the operations of the SEC and other rules-making entities that
govern capital markets and securities-related accounting standards.
This job requires a proven ability to work effectively and independently in a
demanding and fast-paced environment. Law degree/bar membership a plus, but
not required. This is a mid- to senior-level position in the office.
Please send cover letter and resume to FSCCapMarketsStaffer@gmail.com
MEM-195-23

The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks a motivated, creative self-starter
to join the district constituent services team as a District Coordinator in the
Woodbridge, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the Congresswoman
at district events, meeting with elected officials and representatives of local
groups on behalf of the Congresswoman, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience required. Must hold a valid
driver’s license and have access to a vehicle. Spanish fluency preferred.

Page 16 of 34

Please email a resume, cover letter, and three references
to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with "District Coordinator Woodbridge" in the subject line.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-194-23

The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger seeks a Legislative Director to oversee
her legislative work and lead her legislative team.
Responsibilities:
•Manage and guide the work of the legislative team, including Legislative
Assistants and Fellows
•Handle a portfolio of policy issues (note: there is flexibility in the portfolio – see
Desired Qualifications below for possible portfolio areas)
•Develop, assist other legislative team members with developing, and
review/approve original bills to introduce, amendments, memos, letters to the
administration, hearing questions, vote recommendations, floor speeches, and
talking points for events
•Collaborate with the Communications Director, District Director, and Scheduler
to advance the Congresswoman’s agenda through non-legislative avenues
•Ensure the legislative team’s work is responsive to VA-07 constituents and in
line with the Congresswoman’s priorities
•Support the Congresswoman in her role of Battleground Leadership
Representative by communicating with other Battleground LDs, providing early
information and insight on upcoming votes, etc.
•Maintain robust tracking documents to track the Congresswoman’s legislative
work and accomplishments
•Other duties as assigned
Desired qualifications:
•At least 3 years of Capitol Hill experience in a legislative role
•At least 5 years of total work experience in government, advocacy, policy
analysis, or campaigns
•Experience in a Frontline/Battleground Member office or on a competitive
campaign
•Deep policy expertise in one or more of the following sets of issue areas (i.e.
expertise in at least one of the three buckets listed below):
1.National Security, Intelligence, Defense, and Foreign Affairs (note: this set of
issues would include supporting the Congresswoman’s work on the House
Intelligence Committee)
2.Infrastructure, transportation, energy, environment, agriculture, conservation,
broadband
3.Healthcare, substance use disorder & recovery, domestic manufacturing &
Page 17 of 34

supply chains, policing, labor, pensions, social security
•Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience; graduate degree preferred
•Virginia ties and/or knowledge of Virginia’s 7th District
•Management experience
•Strong understanding of legislative procedure
•Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
•A “roll up your sleeves” mentality – a team player who will provide policy
advice while also helping to break down tables after an event
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and three references
to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director” in the
subject line. The salary range for the position is $95,000-$105,000.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, ethnicity, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, or veteran status.
Women, people of color, and candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.
MEM-193-23

Congressman Maxwell Alejandro Frost (FL-10) seeks a District Press/Digital
Assistant for his Orlando, Florida office who is a highly motivated and detailoriented individual with experience in communications, digital media, and social
media.
This position will work closely with and report to the Communications Director
to assist with press operations as well as the District Director to ensure support
for operations in the Orlando office.
The ideal candidate will be plugged into local and national politics, be creative,
politically astute, have a strong proficiency in crafting social media content
across social media platforms, and will be a team player with an ability to handle
multiple tasks at once. Excellent writing and strong organizational skills are
essential, 1-2 years of relevant experience (including internships) is preferred.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Compiling daily press clips
•Drafting press releases, advisories, newsletters, and other written materials
•Creating social media content and website content
•Attending and assisting with District outreach events
•Creating engaging graphics
•Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
•Creating and maintaining press lists
•Maintaining relationships with local media and reporters
•Staffing the Congressman at various in-district events
•Other tasks as needed, including supporting the general operations of the
Orlando and DC offices
Page 18 of 34

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
•Excellent oral & written communication skills
•Some photo, video, or web experience
•Ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks
•Comfortable with interacting with constituents, elected officials, and community
leaders
•Basic understanding of the Congressional political process
This is a full-time position based in Congressman Frost’s Orlando office.
Employees are expected to work from the office with some work from home
flexibilities. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status), color,
age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Interested candidates are asked to submit an application
to FrostHiring@gmail.com by April 15, 2023 with the following subject line:
“Full Name – Press/Digital Assistant.” Candidates should submit a single PDF
which includes a resume and cover letter.
MEM-192-23

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair of the
Congressional Progressive Caucus, seeks a highly organized, passionate, and
team-oriented Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent for the
Representative’s Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Executing a robust correspondence program to quickly address constituent
requests, concerns, and questions across a range of issues;
●Driving Rep. Jayapal to and from events during regular office hours and after
hours and, when needed, staffing her at offsite events;
●Managing Rep. Jayapal’s front office, welcoming visitors and groups (post
pandemic), setting up tours and other constituent services in DC, and supporting
the Chief of Staff with personnel, technology, subscriptions and log-in lists, and
financial management duties;
●Managing the Washington, D.C. internship and fellowship program;
●Working across the legislative, district, and communications teams to provide
administrative support; and
●Other special projects as required.
The ideal candidate will be:
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●Willing and able to work long and often irregular hours, including weekends;
●An expert with spreadsheets, numbers, and forms, with strong attention to
detail;
●A strong writer who enjoys breaking down policy for everyday people;

Page 19 of 34

●Poised, no-drama, flexible, collaborative, and level-headed; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. Washington state and/or district ties are a plus. Driver’s
license, four-door car in good condition and clean driving record are required.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and
references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Staff
Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
Link to website: https://jayapal.house.gov/staff-assistant-legislativecorrespondent/
MEM-187-23

The Democratic staff of the House Natural Resources Committee (HNRC) seeks
a Staff Director (SD) for Indian Affairs to advise Committee Members in the
development of legislative initiatives to elevate the interests of Indigenous
Peoples of the United States and to uphold the federal trust responsibility.
Candidates should be knowledgeable and passionate about Indian Affairs; have
experience in advancing federal legislation; and have relationships with tribal
governments, communities, or organizations.
The SD will work directly with the Counsel’s Office and Director of Legislative
Operations to advance tribal legislation, prepare for Committee meetings, and
create legislative memos and reference materials for staff and Members of
Congress. The SD also supervises legislative employees, including interviewing,
training, assigning work, and appraising performance.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates a clear understanding of the unique
relationships that the U.S. government maintains with American Indians, Alaska
Natives, and Native Hawaiians and the workings of Congress. Demonstrates an
awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and concerns of individuals from
diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations. Understands how HNRC issues
intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in the U.S. and has a
passion for working to dismantle these systems.
Salary is commensurate with experience, plus benefits.
Full job description and instructions on how to apply can be found here:
https://democrats-naturalresources.house.gov/contact/job-postings

MEM-182-23

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Caseworker to join her team in
Waterbury, CT.
Ideal candidates will have prior knowledge of federal agencies; excellent written
and verbal communication skills; strong organizational and time management
Page 20 of 34

skills; a positive and empathetic attitude; and an ability to work under pressure
and meet deadlines in an fast-paced work environment. Bilingual applicants
residents of CT-05 are preferred.
Duties include:
*Acting as the representative for the Congresswoman within their area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies, persons or groups for effective
relationships for the Congresswoman;
*Informing the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in
their assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
*Handling casework assignments and assesses casework for problems requiring
legislative action and makes recommendations to the District Director and Chief
of Staff;
*Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Congresswoman with constituents;
*Logging incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
*Preparing periodic reports for the Congresswoman and District Director on
pending cases and district activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
*Continually screening active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
*Maintaining up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested parties should e-mail a concise cover letter including salary
requirements and a resume to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following
subject line: Full Name - Caseworker. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-179-23

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
Page 21 of 34

responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $47,093 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-177-23

Southern California Democratic Office seeks Staff Assistant to join front office
team.
MUST have a reliable and safe vehicle and driving record. Candidates should be
well-organized, hard-working, and detail-oriented. High degree of
professionalism required, as well as an ability to work a flexible schedule,
including long hours.
Duties include answering telephone calls, greeting visitors, supervising interns,
assisting legislative staff, and driving the Member in DC. Capitol Hill experience
and California ties preferred. Spanish language skills a plus. Starting salary of
$45,000, plus student loan repayment, and standard House benefits (healthcare,
pension, TSP, etc.).
Email cover letter, resume, and references in one PDF document
to Ryan.Viessman@mail.house.gov with subject heading “Staff Assistant
Position”. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-176-23

Legislative Director Role for Representative Alma Adams (NC-12)
The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director.
The LD will help drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing
and implementing the strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals;
supervise and mentor the legislative staff while advising on the
Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own legislative
portfolio, which will include work on the Black Maternal Health Caucus.
The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior
leadership team to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall
operations. The LD will also help ensure coordination between DC and district
offices on important legislative updates and district-based events and projects.
This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill experience and knowledge of
the legislative process are required. The successful applicant will have crisp and
Page 22 of 34

thorough written and oral communications skills, an entrepreneurial and selfstarting attitude, strong attention to detail, creativity, and be a team player.
Supervisory experience and expertise on healthcare policy is strongly preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov.
Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with North
Carolina ties. Due to the volume of applications, we receive, we will only contact
you if we decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct
emails, or walk-ins.
MEM-175-23

The Ofﬁce of Congresswoman Angie Craig seeks an organized and motivated
self-starter to serve as Scheduler.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
● Managing the member’s daily and long-term schedule for her time in
Washington, DC and Minnesota
● Organizing and tracking invitations and meeting requests
● Coordinating travel for the member and staff
● Compiling daily brieﬁng materials
● Working closely with the Staff Assistant to provide administrative support to
the member and the team
● Transporting the member as needed
● Additional duties as assigned
Ideal candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills,
meticulous attention to detail, strong time management skills, good judgment,
and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Nights and weekends may be
required, especially during legislative sessions. A valid driver’s license and good
driving record are required.
This position is located in the Washington, DC ofﬁce and reports directly to the
Chief of Staff. Previous Capitol Hill experience or Minnesota ties are a plus.
The salary range for this position is $60,000 - $70,000.
This ofﬁce is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse
backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 23 of 34

Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. To apply please submit your
resume and a cover letter to Repcraigresumebank@gmail.com with your name
and “Scheduler Application” in the subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls
please.
MEM-170-23

Background:
REP SHONTEL M. BROWN of OH-11 has an immediate need to hire an
experienced Casework Manager/Field Liaison in a full-time capacity.
Job Expectations:
The Casework Manager/Field Liaison (CMFL) will manage all casework,
outreach, and constituent engagement operations and supervise all caseworkers.
In addition, the CMFL is responsible for handling an individual caseload,
ensuring outstanding constituent services, and developing innovative and
effective outreach and public engagement strategies. The CMFL will be
responsible for maintaining excellent relationships with key federal, state, and
local agencies and stakeholders within a policy portfolio to be determined. The
CMFL will collaborate regularly with the Press Secretary, designated legislative
staff, and other relevant staff regarding district-focused policy priorities. Nontraditional work hours occur often including evening and weekends as needed.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified candidates will excel in the
following areas:
•Creativity and Innovation: able to proactively seek creative solutions to pressing
problems and help develop effective visual and written products to communicate
those solutions to constituents
•Project Management: able to balance short- and long-term priorities, work
collaboratively with colleagues and external stakeholders, and anticipate possible
obstacles to success
•Stakeholder Management: able to build relationships with diverse stakeholders
and find opportunities to collaborate
Job Duties:
•Serves as a lead organizer and/or as a representative for the Congresswoman at
events in the district as determined by the District Director
•Ensures outreach efforts align with the Congresswoman's strategic vision and
goals
•Collaborates closely with the District Director and designated D.C. staff to
ensure district priorities are reflected in legislative priorities
•Monitors and updates the District Director on casework trends
•Builds and maintains relationships with constituents and key community leaders
and stakeholders
•Serves as a liaison with federal government agencies for individual constituent
concerns
•Handles individual casework portfolio
•Engages in conduct and activities that reinforce the positive impact of the

Page 24 of 34

Congressional office on the community
•Performs other duties as needed
Requirements:
•Bachelor's degree
•Ability to help build, manage, and support strong goal-oriented teams
•Ability to navigate and advise others through challenging situations
•3-5 years of constituent service experience and/or experience leading outreach or
engagement efforts
•Experience building and maintaining constituent and/or customer relationships
•Able to maintain composure and professionalism in every interaction with
constituents
•Strong problem-solving and decision-making skills
•Ability to manage competing priorities in high-stress environments
•Strong organizational skills
•Ability to navigate nuanced and complex issues/situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking
•Proven experience handling sensitive information and maintaining
confidentiality
Preferences:
•Experience in agency related casework
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Knowledge of the district
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume and
writing sample to Ohio11resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject "CMFL: Last
Name, First Name". Incomplete applications will not be considered.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-169-23

Background:
REP SHONTEL M. BROWN of OH-11 has an immediate need to hire an
experienced Grants Coordinator/Field Liaison (GCFL) in a full-time capacity.
Job Expectations:
The Grants Coordinator/Field Liaison (GCFL) will serve as a liaison to federal
government agencies on behalf of the Congresswoman's constituents. The GCFL
will handle the federal grant portfolio and assigned casework. They will also
organize and participate in district outreach activities and workshops. The GCFL
Page 25 of 34

will also collaborate regularly with the District Director, Caseworkers/Field
Representatives, and Director of Operations. Non-traditional work hours occur
often including evening and weekends as needed.
Job Duties:
•Serves as a liaison with federal government agencies for constituents,
government entities, community organizations, nonprofits, and other grant
applicants
•Researches and identifies federal grant opportunities
•Develops and maintains master files on grants as well as paperwork related to
grant announcements for dissemination to constituents
•Monitors grant announcements and updates the District Director of new grant
trends
•Creates and maintains a federal grant newsletter/guide for constituents
•Collaborates with the appropriate staff members on grant award announcements,
newsletters, and media strategy
•Handles an individual casework portfolio
•Engages in conduct and activities that reinforce the positive impact of the
Congressional office on the community
Requirements:
•Bachelor's degree
•Experience building and maintaining constituent and/or customer relationships
•Strong written and verbal communication, including public speaking skills
•Ability to navigate nuanced and complex issues/situations
•Ability to effectively manage competing priorities in high-stress environments
•Proven experience handling sensitive information and maintaining
confidentiality
•Strong organizational and decision-making skills
Preferences:
•Advanced degree or comparable experience
•Previous grant writing and research experience
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Knowledge of the district
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume and
writing sample to Ohiollresumes@mail.house.gov with the subject "Grant
Coordinator/Field Representative: Last Name, First Name". Incomplete
applications will not be considered.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
Page 26 of 34

(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-168-23

Background:
REP SHONTEL M. BROWN of OH-11 has an immediate need to hire an
experienced Caseworker/Field Representative (CWFR) in a part-time capacity
on the west side of Cleveland.
Job Expectations:
The Caseworker plays a key role by serving as a liaison to the federal government
on behalf of the Congresswoman's constituents. The Caseworker will manage a
portfolio of issue areas and work collaboratively with the District Director,
Director of Operations, and other Field Representatives to deliver exceptional
service to constituents. As Field Representative, they will act as a liaison with
federal, district, and local agencies for the Congresswoman and constituents. The
Field Representative will also be responsible for serving as the Congresswoman's
community representative for issues and programs.
Job Duties:
•Serves as a liaison with federal government agencies for individual constituent
concerns
•Handles individual casework portfolio
•Monitors and updates the District Director on casework trends
•Maintains accurate and complete files on all assigned casework matters
•Ensures outreach efforts align with the Congresswoman's strategic vision and
goals
•Builds and maintains relationships with constituents and key community leaders
and stakeholders
•Engages in conduct and activities that reinforce the positive impact of the
Congressional office on the community
•Serves as a lead organizer and/or as a representative for the Congresswoman at
events in the district as determined by the District Director
•Coordinates closely with the District Director and D.C. staff to ensure district
priorities are reflective in legislative priorities
•Informs the Casework Manager and District Director on up-and-coming issues in
the district
•Performs other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Bachelor's degree
•Experience developing and maintaining community leaders and constituent
relationships
•Able to maintain composure and professionalism in every interaction with
constituents
•Strong problem-solving and decision-making skills
•Strong organization skills
Page 27 of 34

•Ability to manage competing priorities in high stress environments
•Deep commitment to improving constituents' lives
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking
•Proven experience handling sensitive information and maintaining
confidentiality
Preferences:
•Experience in agency related to casework
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Knowledge of the district
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume and
writing sample to Ohiollresumes@mail.house.gov with the subject PT
Caseworker/Field Representative: Last Name, First Name". Incomplete
applications will not be considered.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-167-23

Background:
REP SHONTEL M. BROWN of OH-11 has an immediate need to hire an
experienced Staff Assistant in a part-time capacity on the west side of Cleveland.
Job Expectations:
The Staff Assistant will be expected to manage the front desk during office hours,
support the district office staff with administrative office needs, and assist the
D.C. office staff with work as assigned. Staff Assistants often provide the first
impression of the office to constituents. The experiences gained in the Staff
Assistant role provide a solid foundation to advance into positions of increasing
responsibility.
Job Duties:
•Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the office to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs
•Handles incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness
•Captures input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office's
consideration and response
•Supervise and provide expectations and feedback for office interns
•Works closely with the Congresswoman's Executive Assistant to ensure
appointments are on time as needed
•Ensures constituent casework messages are received to the appropriate district
Page 28 of 34

staff in an efficient and effective manner
•Complete resolutions and coordinate delivery based on individual needs
•Manage incoming and outgoing mail
•Additional duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Bachelor's degree
•Effective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the office required
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
required
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
required
•Attention to detail
•Willingness to learn
Preferences:
•Ties to the district are strongly preferred
•Prior constituent service or customer relationship management
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Knowledge of the district
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume and
writing sample to Ohiollresumes@mail.house.gov with the subject PT Staff
Assistant: Last Name, First Name".
Incomplete applications will not be considered.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-164-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks an Investigative Support Analyst, with 2-8 years experience.
The Investigative Support Analyst will be responsible for the analysis and
support of sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible violations of federal law
and ethical standards of conduct by current Members, Officers and Staff of the
House of Representatives, as well as other administrative functions.

Page 29 of 34

The OCE is seeking candidates interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics
and transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Support
Analyst would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and
would be eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person
core days and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
• Assume primary responsibility for managing documentary evidence submitted
to the OCE in the course of its investigations and managing office e-Discovery
platform;
• Perform legal and other research and analysis to support OCE investigations;
and
• Support OCE investigative staff and administrative operations as required.
Qualifications:
• Two years of analyst, legal support, or other investigative experience;
• Strong research skills;
• Strong organizational skills;
• Strong writing and oral presentation ability;
• Ability to:
• work independently or as part of an investigative team;
• manage multiple tasks and projects; and
• work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and exercise discretion and
independent judgment.
• Desirable but not required:
• Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
• Experience with eDiscovery or litigation support platforms (eg. Casepoint);
• Experience drafting and reviewing legal documents, preparing exhibits, or other
published materials;
• Experience with investigations involving public officials;
• Experience with record or document management;
• Experiencing maintaining or updating websites and other internet-based
platforms;
• Knowledge of current information technology tools related to investigations;
• Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
• Experience conducting interviews or depositions; and
• Experience writing reports or legal documents
Duties:
• Gather publicly available information/records related to potential new matters
and/or ongoing matters;
• Conduct ongoing research and case development projects;
• Work with investigative staff on cases to support investigations;
• Assist attorney’s in reviewing documentary evidence;
• Assist in reviewing reports, correspondence, and transcripts for errors and
redactions;
Page 30 of 34

• Participate in reviewing attorney’s written work product;
• Database management to include:
• Import/export evidence to e-discovery platform for internal review purposes and
for transmittal;
• Support incorporation of evidence in reports and exhibits; and
• Oversee maintenance of evidentiary records.
• Prepare exhibits for final reports;
• Case file maintenance;
• Supporting administrative functions directly related to investigations and serve
as backup for other administrative functions as needed; and
• Other duties as required.
Requirements:
• Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret
clearance; and
• Bachelor’s degree.
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter and resume (electronic submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-162-23

Rep. Raul Ruiz, M.D., the Ranking Member of the House Select Subcommittee
on the Coronavirus Pandemic, is seeking a Counsel or Professional Staff
Member to join the Democratic staff of the Select Subcommittee.
Responsibilities include drafting letters, negotiating with counsel, preparing for
depositions and transcribed interviews, drafting reports and memoranda, and
preparing for congressional hearings. Candidates must have superior attention to
detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and enjoy collaborative work
environments. Prior experience in congressional oversight and direct
investigations is strongly preferred, as is a demonstrated interest in public health,
economics, and/or international affairs.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Counsel” or “Professional Staff Member” in the subject line. Please attach
the resume and cover letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

Page 31 of 34

The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.
MEM-161-23

Senior Democratic Midwest Appropriator seeks a DC-based scheduler/office
manager to coordinate the Representative’s schedule and manage the DC
office’s overall operating procedures.
Candidates must have exceptional organizational skills, high attention to detail,
ability to manage competing demands and deadlines, and a clean driving record.
Candidates must handle conflicting requests, anticipate the Member’s needs, and
exercise sound judgement when scheduling meetings, events, and travel. Hill and
scheduling experience are strongly preferred. Ohio ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Maintaining and managing the Member’s daily and long-term schedule while
coordinating with District staff.
•Responding to all incoming meeting and scheduling requests.
•Organizing travel and booking flights for Member and staff.
• Communicating scheduling changes to the Member, staff, and outside
stakeholders.
•Oversee and manage the Staff Assistant, Internship Program, and ensure
Member and staff needs are met.
•Provide operational support to the office, including time-off requests, office
supply needs, tech management, and other duties, to ensure staff are supported.
•Work closely with Chief of Staff and Financial Admin to ensure compliance
with annual budget.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter
to Steve.Katich@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Scheduler – LAST
NAME, FIRST NAME.” The office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity.

MEM-160-23

Constituent Advocate: The Office of U.S. Representative Chrissy Houlahan,
PA-06 is seeking a customer service oriented, high performing individual to serve
as a Constituent Advocate in our satellite office in Reading, Pennsylvania.
As a Constituent Advocate for a congressional district office, you will be a liaison
between constituents and federal government agencies. You will respond to
constituent requests for assistance – from individuals, businesses, and nonprofits
– and resolve casework issues through inquiries, facilitation, and problem
solving.
Page 32 of 34

You will represent the Congresswoman in meetings and at events in the district
while building and maintaining productive, supportive working relationships with
local government, business groups, non-profit, and other stakeholder groups
within our community of PA-06. Constituent Advocates also identify local
problems that can be solved by federal action and are knowledgeable of the
impact of proposed and enacted federal legislation on stakeholders in our
community.
The right candidate will serve as a critical part of a close-knit team. Applicants
should have an enthusiastic interest in public service, superior attention to detail,
and motivated to serve our community. Excellent written and oral communication
skills are essential in English and Spanish, as well as the ability to manage
multiple tasks, deadlines, and work well under pressure. Job responsibilities
include outreach to relevant stakeholder groups in our community and successful
candidates must have their own reliable transportation. Optimistic demeanor and
a good sense of humor are a must. Connections to Pennsylvania and the 6th
district are advantageous.
Our office hours are 9:00am – 5:00 pm Monday through Friday. Our district staff
alternates days in the office and days in a work-from-home/outreach schedule.
You must be able to attend work duties on some evenings and weekends for
events as needed. Starting annual salary is $58,000. Medical benefits, savings and
investment planning, tuition loan reimbursement, and 20 days paid leave are
available as benefits for full-time staff members. Additionally, as Rep. Houlahan
believes in actively giving back to our community, each staff member is allocated
5 additional days of paid leave for volunteer work.
Please submit resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to PA06HoulahanJobs@gmail.com and indicate “CONSTITUENT
ADVOCATE: (your last name)” in the subject line. No walk-ins or drop-bys,
please. This position will report to the District Director and begin on April 24,
2023.
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and
minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-024-23

The Freshman Democrat from Hawai‘i is seeking a Scheduler with strong
judgment, communication skills, and attention to detail to build and oversee all
aspects of scheduling operations for the Member.

Page 33 of 34

This position requires consistent and effective collaboration with all components
of the Member’s office. The Scheduler will work directly with the Chief of Staff,
District Chief, and other senior staff.
Primary duties include, but are not limited to:
•Building the Member’s daily and long-term schedule for DC and the district and
managing this system;
•Responding to all incoming scheduling requests;
•Booking and coordinating travel back to Hawai‘i and within Hawai‘i;
•Ensuring the Member, staff, and external stakeholders have key information
about the schedule;
•Compiling daily briefing materials for the Member and coordinating the
collection of information from staff and other sources;
•Supporting the team with special events and ad hoc projects; and
•Other duties as assigned.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual
orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse backgrounds, especially
with ties to Hawai‘i, are encouraged to apply. Being able to serve as a secondary
driver when needed is preferred, but not required.
Salary will be commensurate with experience.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and references
to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

Page 34 of 34

