________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 25, 2023

MEM-636-23

Chief of Staff
Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a seasoned and empathetic manager of
staff and leader of his strategic vision based in the Washington, D.C., office with
a background in matters before the House Homeland Security and Judiciary
Committees, preferably with a knowledge base in oversight and investigations.
Candidates with J.D. degrees are strongly encouraged to apply but not required
and familiarity with the district is preferred.
The ideal candidate has extensive experience in Congress or the federal
government; developed and implemented an overarching strategy for an
organization or Member before; strong written and verbal communication skills;
interest in cultivating a warm, supportive, and productive work environment;
comfort balancing responsibilities and competing deadlines; a cool and levelheaded demeanor in fast-paced environments; political savvy and knowledge of
Hill culture; good judgment and strong decision-making skills; and expertise in
developing and maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders.
Responsibilities include formulating policy positions; overseeing the office’s
legislative, constituent, correspondence, and media-relations strategies; handing
all recruiting and hiring efforts, the establishment of office policies and
procedures, and supervision of senior staff; serving as the Member’s chief
advisor; developing and implementing all policy objectives, strategies, and
Page 1 of 16

operating plans; representing the Member with House leadership and committee
staff; and managing the office budget and personnel activities.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and enduring from the ground up, particularly for a Member of
Congress who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff.
Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references, and a writing
sample to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name – Chief of
Staff.” We will accept applications until the position is filled.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-635-23

Congressman Brad Schneider, a member of the House Ways & Means
Committee, seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant, with a focus on Ways &
Means subjects of jurisdiction, to join his Washington, D.C. team.
The individual in this position will be responsible for advising the Congressman
on relevant areas of interest, helping craft and implement positions and policies,
make vote recommendations and guide legislative strategy on portfolio, and
communicating the same with relevant stakeholders. The ideal candidate will
have a demonstrated record of strong teamwork, insightful strategic thinking,
timely completion of assignments ability to multi-task, and willingness to take
initiative.
Areas of responsibility will potentially include matters related to tax, trade,
transportation, infrastructure, education, gun violence prevention, labor, housing,
telecom, retirement security, and judiciary issues. Areas of responsibility in the
office are fluid, reflecting the strengths, interests, and experiences of the team.
Ideal candidates should have at least 3 years of Capitol Hill or comparable policy
experience, a deep familiarity with legislative processes and procedures,
experience in formulating and advancing legislation and other policy initiatives,
excellent organization and communication skills, the ability to work quickly and
successfully under pressure and work well with others as part of a team. This
position reports to the Legislative Director and will have extensive interaction
with the Congressman, as well as working closely with the legislative,
communications, and district teams.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
1.Preparing and staffing Member for meetings, committee hearings and markups,
floor process, and related events
2.Representing Member in meetings with constituents and both national- and
Page 2 of 16

local-level advocacy groups, think thanks, and other groups relevant to policy
portfolio
3.Building and maintaining positive relationships with congressional staff, district
and national stakeholders, advocacy organizations, Executive Branch officials,
and other key stakeholders relevant to policy portfolio
4.Tracking legislation and other developments in assigned issue area(s), monitor
relevant committee and floor activity, track developing local/international news
events, make recommendations for votes, cosponsorships and letters for Member
to sign
5.Building support for Member’s policy priorities and developing/implementing
ideas for new initiatives (legislation, letters, events, press, etc.) including a strong
emphasis on bipartisanship
6.Drafting legislation, letters, floor/committee remarks, talking points, press
related materials, and other written material related to policy portfolio
7.Exercising discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member
8.Other duties as assigned by the Legislative Director and Chief of Staff
This office is strongly committed to nurturing a diverse and inclusive workspace
for all and does not discriminate based on race, sex, color, age, religion,
disability, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or uniformed status.
Persons of all backgrounds and identities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Employment in this office comes with a competitive benefits package including
health and dental insurance, federal student loan repayment stipends (terms
apply), a transportation stipend, and 12 weeks of paid FMLA leave.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample
to waysmeansdemla@gmail.com and list “Legislative Assistant -- [YOUR FULL
NAME]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis
and the deadline to apply is Friday, January 5, 2023.
MEM-633-23

Congressman Jason Crow (D-CO) is seeking a Military Legislative Assistant or
National Security Advisor for his Washington, DC office.
This person will be responsible for managing a high-profile national security
portfolio; developing the Congressman’s national security agenda; seeking
opportunities for leadership; handling the Congressman’s work on HPSCI,
HASC, and some aspects of HFAC; and, managing relationships with senior
government officials, industry, and NGO leaders.
The ideal candidate will have a strong background in national security and
defense issues, excellent attention to detail, and a proactive work ethic. Candidate
must be willing to travel and be eligible for a TS clearance.

Page 3 of 16

This is not an entry level position. This office is an equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter
to CO06.resumes@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop ins please.
MEM-632-23

The Office of U.S. Representative Steven Horsford is currently seeking a highly
motivated and organized individual to join our team as a Staff Assistant. Our
office is dedicated to serving the constituents of Nevada and ensuring their voices
are heard in the U.S. House of Representatives. This is an excellent opportunity
for individuals passionate about public service and eager to contribute to the
legislative process.
Responsibilities:
Constituent Services:
•Receive, catalog, and respond to constituent letters, emails, and other forms of
communication.
•Assist constituents with various issues, inquiries, and requests.
•Manage and respond to constituent correspondence, emails, and phone calls.
Office Administration:
•Greets constituents, visitors, and other VIPs to provide a welcoming
environment and positive first impression of the office
•Handles incoming calls and captures constituent requests to ensure consideration
by Member office
•Manage the process of constituent mail
•Provide administrative support, including managing the legislative office's
calendar and appointments.
•Maintain organized records of constituent communications and related materials.
•Assist in scheduling meetings and events for the legislative team.
•Signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to ensure timely and
appropriate handling
•Maintains literature regarding the district and House offices to distribute to
visitors
Legislative Support:
•Conduct research on legislative issues and policy matters.
•Draft correspondence, memos, and other written materials.
•Assist legislative staff with bill tracking and analysis.
Conduct Tours:
•Facilitate tours of the U.S. Capitol for constituents and visitors.
Qualifications:
•Bachelor's degree in a relevant field or equivalent work experience.
•Strong written and verbal communication skills.
•Excellent organizational and multitasking abilities.
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite and other relevant software.
•Ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment.
•Previous experience in a legislative office or related field is a plus.
Page 4 of 16

To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples (no
longer than one page) and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov. Please use “Staff Assistant Resume - [Your
Last Name, First name]” in the subject line. The deadline for resumes until filled.
All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
U.S. Representative Steven Horsford is an equal opportunity employer. All
qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,
disability, or veteran status.
We appreciate all applicants' interest, but only those selected for an interview will
be contacted.
MEM-631-23

Legislative Correspondent/Legislative Aide -- Congresswoman Lois Frankel
(FL-22), Member of the House Appropriations Committee, Chairwoman of the
Democratic Women’s Caucus, and Co-Chair of the Women, Peace, and Security
Caucus, is hiring a legislative correspondent/legislative aide to assist in drafting
letters to respond to constituent messages, take meetings with constituents, and
assist the legislative team with other projects as needed, with opportunities to
develop a legislative portfolio.
Applicants must be comfortable working in a fast-paced and team-oriented
environment. Excellent writing skills and attention to detail are required. Previous
experience with the Hill is strongly preferred. This is not an entry level position,
and individuals with internship-only experience will not be considered.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
Salary will range from $55,000-$65,000 depending on experience, with
additional benefits including health insurance and student loan payments. Please
visit tinyurl.com/FL22LC and fill out the Google Form to apply. Applications
will be reviewed on a rolling basis and the final deadline to apply is January 7,
2024.

MEM-630-23

Representative Josh Gottheimer seeks an experienced Communications
Director for their Washington, DC office.
Ideal candidates will have:
•A Bachelor’s degree or related job experience;
•3-5 years of communications experience in a Congressional office, on a political
Page 5 of 16

campaign, or in another fast-paced environment;
•Excellent attention to detail;
•Sound judgment;
•Strong communication skills;
•Capacity to communicate with a wide variety of personalities in a tactful,
courteous, and professional manner;
•Willingness to accept direction and guidance on performance and process
improvements form the Chief of Staff and Member;
•The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions;
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment;
•And the ability to work flexible hours including long hours, nights, and
weekends.
Duties will include but not be limited to:
•Developing and implementing an aggressive media and communications
strategy;
•Serving as the on-the-record spokesperson and primary media liaison for the
Member;
•Proactively seeking local and national interviews with radio, print, television,
and new media outlets;
•Maintaining good, working relationships with members of the press corps;
•Overseeing the implementation of a multi-faceted Franked communications
program with a large budget;
•Drafting talking points, speeches, press releases, media advisories, op-eds, and
statements for the Member;
•Organizing, coordinating, and staffing events with the media;
•Managing all members of the Communications team;
•Managing the process for the updates to social media platforms and the office
website;
•Managing the organization and distribution of the daily news clips for the
Member and office staff;
•Working closely with the District Office to ensure coverage of local priorities;
•And working closely with the legislative team to ensure coverage of the
Member’s policy priorities.
This position reports to the Chief of Staff.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.

Page 6 of 16

Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with
“Communications Director” as the subject line to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov
MEM-628-23

The Office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is seeking a hardworking,
motivated, and experienced Health Policy Director to assist with the health
portfolio related to the Member’s work on the House Committee on Energy &
Commerce.
The primary responsibilities for this position will be leading the Member’s
existing health initiatives, identifying new areas for legislative action, and
coordinating with relevant Energy & Commerce committee staff, other Member
offices, and outside stakeholders. Additional duties may be assigned based on
experience and office needs.
This is NOT an entry level position: 2+ years’ experience working on health
policy is required, and previous experience working in advocacy and organizing
is preferred. The ideal candidate is organized, detail-oriented and resilient in the
face of a fast-paced and ever-changing environment. The ideal candidate is also
proactive and comfortable working with diverse staff, community members and
constituents. Colorado ties or western state connections are a plus. Advanced
degree is preferred. Salary will be commensurate to experience, with the range
for this position being $80,000 - $90,000 per year.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and
cover letter to DeGette.Employment@mail.house.gov by Wednesday, January 3,
2024.

MEM-627-23

The Office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is seeking a hardworking,
motivated, and experienced Energy and Environment Legislative
Assistant/Policy Director to assist with the energy and environment portfolio
related to the Member’s work on the House Committee on Energy & Commerce,
particularly in her role as Ranking Member on the Energy & Climate
subcommittee.
The primary responsibilities for this position will be leading the Member’s
existing energy and environment initiatives, identifying new areas for legislative
action, and coordinating with Member’s subcommittee staff, other Member
offices, and outside stakeholders. Additional duties may be assigned based on
experience and office needs.
This is NOT an entry level position: 2+ years’ experience working on energy and
environmental issues is required, and previous experience working in advocacy
and organizing is preferred. The ideal candidate is organized, detail-oriented and
resilient in the face of a fast-paced and ever-changing environment. The ideal
Page 7 of 16

candidate is also proactive and comfortable working with diverse staff,
community members and constituents. Colorado ties or western state connections
are a plus. Advanced degree is preferred. Salary will be commensurate to
experience, with the range for this position being $80,000 - $90,000 per year.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and
cover letter to DeGette.Employment@mail.house.gov by Wednesday, January 3,
2024.
MEM-626-23

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Congressman Mark Pocan (WI-02), member of
the House Appropriations Committee, is seeking an experienced and enthusiastic
Legislative Assistant. Ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of Hill experience, a
good understanding of House procedures, an understanding of developing and
tracking legislative initiatives, and political awareness. Experience with
healthcare and/or labor policy is a plus. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include meeting with constituent groups and stakeholders,
preparing and staffing the Congressman in committee hearings and markups,
drafting legislation, advancing the Congressman’s legislative agenda, providing
vote recommendations, drafting legislative memos and briefing materials, and
reviewing constituent correspondence, in addition to other duties as assigned. A
sense of humor is greatly appreciated.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
Subject Line. Job opening closes at the end of business on Friday, January 5th.
No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity and expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation.

MEM-623-23

The Office of Congressman Juan Ciscomani (AZ-06) is hiring a Digital Director.
This person will work with the Communications Director to manage the
congressman’s rapid response and digital presence, including but not limited to
social media, graphics, video filming and editing, newsletter creation, website
management and digital ads. Graphic design and video skills are required.
The office is looking for a creative self-starter who can jump quickly in a fastpaced environment. Ideal candidates have 2 or more years of experience, with at
least 1 year of experience on Capitol Hill.
Page 8 of 16

Applicants should send their resume and 3-5 portfolio samples
to paige.lindgren@mail.house.gov
MEM-622-23

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford representing the 4th District of
Nevada, is seeking a dynamic and dedicated individual to serve as a Health
Legislative Assistant. The successful candidate will play a pivotal role in
developing and executing legislative initiatives focused on health care, seniors,
social security, and immigration, contributing to impactful policy changes that
directly impact the constituents of the 4th District.
Primary Responsibilities will include, but not limited to:
•Legislative Initiatives: Develop and execute legislative initiatives within the
assigned portfolio, concentrating on health care, seniors, social security, and
immigration. Monitor legislative developments on the House floor and
committees, staying informed on
relevant issues.
•Building Support: Gather support for bills or amendments from other Members
and relevant interest groups, fostering collaboration and consensus-building.
•Vote Recommendations: Provide informed vote recommendations based on
thorough analysis and understanding of the legislative landscape.
•Policy Drafting: Draft, develop, and negotiate legislative text with the respective
committee, ensuring alignment with the Congressman's objectives.
•Committee Preparedness: Staff and prepare the Congressman for committee
briefings, hearings, and markups related to the assigned portfolio.
•Research and Analysis: Conduct research using various tools to acquire, analyze,
and interpret data. Present findings to the Congressman, Senior Management, and
other stakeholders on issues impacting Congressional District 4.
Communication and Commitment:
•Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate effectively with
diverse communities.
•Ability to navigate challenging conversations among diverse groups and build
consensus.
•Commitment to public service, strong work ethic, and the ability to perform
under pressure.
Application Instructions:
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes. Interested candidates
should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples (no longer than two
pages), and three professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with
"Legislative Assistant, [Last Name, First Name]" in the subject line. All
submissions must be in a single PDF file.

Page 9 of 16

Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Salary is commensurate with experience.
MEM-546-23

Member Services Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Member Services Director who
is exceptionally motivated, dynamic, strategic, and detail-oriented to engage with
CBC Member offices and outside partners to advance a robust member services
portfolio.
The Member Services Director will be expected to proactively build strong
relationships across CBC Member offices and develop strategic opportunities for
Member engagement advancing shared priorities. The individual will also be
expected to coordinate with CBC staff to field and respond to inquiries and
requests for support from Member offices and respond to and share external
opportunities for Member engagement as they arise.
The Member Services Director is also responsible for assisting in overseeing all
aspects of caucus operations, logistics, designated administrative responsibilities
and to support caucus leadership.
The Member Services Director responsibilities will include:
•Conducting regular outreach to Member offices to build relationships with staff,
share opportunities for Member or staff participation in events, messaging, and
other efforts, and identify new ideas for collaboration with Member offices
•Sharing resources with Member offices and working with CBC, congressional,
and external staff to develop high-quality materials for Member office use
•Drafting regular newsletters for Member offices with relevant updates and
opportunities, as well as for external audiences to uplift Member engagement on
CBC issues
•Developing a network of external partners working on issues relevant to the
CBC and Member offices
•Maintaining staff contact information and distribution lists
•Provides orientation and training for new staff;
•Assists departing employees with necessary administrative procedures (i.e.,
returning keys, House I.D. cards, and other office property; obtaining forwarding
addresses, work files, and records);
•Supervises the mail operations and the administrative files and personnel
records;
•Assists staff in scheduling House or Capitol rooms for outside group functions;
•Organize and facilitate meetings and other strategic convenings to support
institutional
•change, policies, and programmatic work;
•Oversees operations for CBC including organizing weekly meetings and events
•Provides logistical support for all programming
Page 10 of 16

•Works with the CBC personal office staffs and coordinates with the CBC
Schedulers to implement the Caucus’ priorities
•Builds and maintains databases of internal and external stakeholders
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player.
Candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of House and Senate
legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov.
No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-508-23

Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) seeks an exceptional, experienced
Press Secretary/Digital Director (PS/DD) to join a dynamic, fast paced team,
working out of the Washington, DC office.
Working with the Communications Director, located in the District, the PS/DD
will develop, coordinate, and implement digital and traditional media and
communication strategies that highlight the Member’s work and advance her
robust online/digital presence. Other primary responsibilities include but are not
limited to developing, editing, and producing graphics, videography, and other
creative tools to enhance messaging; fielding press requests from local and
national media; producing the Member’s newsletters; drafting releases and
advisories, speeches , and talking points.
The successful candidate will have a creative and strategic approach to visual and
graphic design, excellent oral and written communications skills, an ability to
handle multiple assignments on tight deadlines, a desire to hone the Member’s
voice, a strong collaborative approach to cross functional teaming, and a good
sense of humor. They will also have a working knowledge of the legislative
process, procedures, and organization of the House, with a proven ability to build
strong, collaborative relationships while working in a crisis-oriented environment
and handling stress appropriately. Ohio ties are a plus, but not required, but
proven effective digital and videography experience is required.
This is not an entry level position. The ideal candidate will have at least three
years of Hill and/or other communications experience in a policy or constituent
services environment with an emphasis on professional digital media,
videography, and general communications proficiency beyond the intern level.
The salary is flexible and dependent upon proven experience and expertise.

Page 11 of 16

Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing and one creative
samples to Ohio11Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press
Secretary – Last Name, First Initial.” No drop-ins, direct emails to staff or phone
calls, please. The position is open until filled, but applications will be screened as
they are received.
MEM-468-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks one attorney with 5-10 years of experience to serve as Investigative
Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.
The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE
•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
Page 12 of 16

*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
•Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level

Page 13 of 16

position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
Page 14 of 16

references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.
MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy
Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.
Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and
possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
Page 15 of 16

To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.

Page 16 of 16

