________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 2, 2023

MEM-498-23

SUMMARY:
Congresswoman Hillary Scholten seeks an enthusiastic, highly organized,
creative, and self-motivated professional to serve as Outreach and Grants
Coordinator in her Grand Rapids, Michigan office.
The Outreach and Grants Coordinator will develop and implement, with the
District Director, a long-term strategic community engagement plan that
prioritizes assisting the community in accessing available grants and resources.
This position will include intentional and targeted outreach aimed at learning
about community needs and stakeholder projects that could be eligible for federal
grants. This individual will work to disseminate information regarding available
federal grants, assist interested grant applicants in navigating the federal grant
process and track awards to Michigan’s 3rd Congressional District.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Develop an active outreach campaign to include meetings with community
leaders, attending community gatherings and creating community events;
•Develop and maintain accurate and up-to-date database of community contacts
•Create, develop, and promote grant and community workshops for key
community stakeholders to learn about the grant support the Member’s office can
provide to the community;
•Develop, distribute and maintain monthly grant updates to flag grant
opportunities, highlight key deadlines, promote grants work, and elevate key
Page 1 of 23

successes within the community;
•Act as a liaison to community stakeholders and other persons or groups
interested in federal funding opportunities to form effective relationships for the
Member;
•Staff the Member at scheduled district meetings with constituents and other key
stakeholders;
•Attend district events as a representative of the Member;
•Prepare periodic reports for the Member and other team members
•Performs other duties as assigned.
SALARY LEVEL/RANGE:
$65,000-$80,000 (Commensurate with experience)
The position is eligible for student loan repayment assistance, and parking. This
is an in-person position, with remote work opportunities.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least 3 years of related experience or training related to grant writing and grant
management. Experience working with federal grants is a plus.
REQUIRED SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:
•Strong oral and written communication skills in English;
•Strong presentation skills in English;
•Ability to connect community priorities to the Member’s legislative and
committee work;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Proficiency in word processing;
•Ability to work well under pressure and able to manage stress effectively;
•Access to consistent and reliable transportation; and
•Ability to work in a flexible schedule periodically including long hours, nights
and weekends.
PREFERRED SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS :
•Strong oral and written language skills in Spanish;
•Strong presentation skills in Spanish
•Thorough knowledge of federal grant and federal funding mechanisms
•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments; and
•Experience using the IQ platform.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate.
Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.

Page 2 of 23

The Office of Congresswoman Hillary Scholten is an Equal Opportunity
Employer does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political
affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age,
membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military
service, or other non-merit factors. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and 3
professional references by Thursday October 12, 2023
to scholtenjobs@gmail.com with the subject “Grants and Outreach Coordinator:
LAST NAME”.
MEM-497-23

On Team Scholten, the Legislative Director plays an essential leadership role in
the office, managing the legislative team and overseeing a portfolio of the
Congresswoman’s Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, as well as
Appropriations, Defense, Foreign Affairs, Energy, and Trade.
This position reports to the Chief of Staff and works closely with the COS in
assisting with the formulation of the Member’s policy and legislative strategy
while uplifting the legislative team in their work.
The ideal candidate for this job has Michigan ties and Hill experience. This is not
an entry level position.
The position is eligible for transit benefits, student loan repayment assistance, and
parking. This is an in-person position, with remote work opportunities.
The Office of Congresswoman Hillary Scholten is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. We strongly value the
diversity of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds
to apply, including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA
community.
SALARY: $90,000-110,000, commensurate with experience
JOB DUTIES:
•Partners with the Member and senior staff to develop the Member’s legislative
strategy
•Ensures that all legislative staff are positioned to support and implement the
Member’s legislative strategy, including mentoring newly hired or promoted
legislative staff
•Leads weekly legislative meeting, ensuring team is prepared to report out their
work, committee updates, and votes of the week to the Member
•Works with committee staff to advance legislation sponsored by the Member
•Builds coalitions with Member offices, committees, caucuses and key external
stakeholders to advance the Member’s policy priorities through the legislative
process
Page 3 of 23

•Drafts legislative memos, talking points, opening statements for committee
hearings, and floor speeches for the Member
•Meets with VIPs, and executives from private, government, and non-profit
sectors to discuss the Member’s legislative priorities and initiatives
•Works with the Legislative Counsel’s office to draft bills sponsored by the
Member
•Maintains knowledge of legislation affecting the district and legislation in which
the Member is a principal sponsor or cosponsor
•Coordinates with Legislative Correspondence to ensure all legislative mail is
addressed
•Collaborates with the Chief of Staff and Member to make decisions regarding
the hiring of legislative staff
•Provides regular updates to congresswoman on pertinent news and legislative
update
•Trains and supervises legislative staff to ensure that staff comply with office
policies, practices, and procedures
•Schedules and directs legislative staff meetings to ensure all tasks are handled
and assigned
APPLICANT INSTRUCTIONS:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and 3
professional references by Tuesday, October 10, 2023
to scholtenjobs@gmail.com with the subject “Legislative Director: LAST
NAME”.
MEM-496-23

Communications Assistant— The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA01) is seeking a communications assistant.
This position is responsible for developing a proactive constituent
communications strategy and plan. Primary responsibilities include: writing
weekly email newsletters for targeted constituent coalitions, overseeing website
management and updates, branding through graphic design, managing social
media, overseeing the telephone town hall program, and maintaining the
Member’s photo and video database. They will work with the communications
director to find new ways grow the congressman’s following and maintain
synergy across communications materials.
A strong candidate will be a creative, proactive communicator familiar with
social media, the legislative process, website maintenance, as well as
photography, graphic design, and video editing. Excellent written and oral skills
are required. An ability to multitask and work under tight deadlines is necessary.
Candidates must have previous congressional or political communications
experience; ties to Virginia’s First District are helpful but not required.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to Julianne.Heberlein@mail.house.gov with “Communications Assistant” in the
subject line.
Page 4 of 23

MEM-495-23

Position Overview:
Congresswoman Dina Titus (D-NV-1) is seeking an experienced
Communications Director to lead media efforts in a fast- paced Washington,
D.C. office. We are looking for a self-starting professional with a strong
background in political communications, media relations, and social media
management.
The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of both national and local
media and be capable of developing and implementing strategic communication
and digital plans. This is not an entry-level position, and a successful candidate
must have 2-5 years of communications experience in a relevant setting.
Key Responsibilities:
●Strategic Communications: Develop and execute strategic communication plans
in collaboration with senior staff and the legislative team, ensuring alignment
with the Congresswoman's priorities and legislative initiatives.
●Media Relations: Cultivate and maintain strong relationships with local and
national print, radio, and broadcast media professionals.
●Media Outreach: Successfully pitch the Congresswoman to both local and
national TV, radio, and print media, positioning her effectively on key issues.
●Event Planning: Plan and manage press conferences, tele-townhalls,
roundtables, and other events in both Washington, D.C., and the district.
●Media Engagement: Prepare, brief, and accompany the Congresswoman for
media interviews, press conferences, roundtables, and other public engagements.
●Content Creation: Draft talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds, and
other materials in the Congresswoman's voice.
●Social Media Management: Manage the Congresswoman's social media
presence, including drafting engaging content, clipping interviews, and creating
graphics for various platforms.
●Website Maintenance: Ensure that the office website features timely and
relevant content.
●Current Affairs: Stay informed about current news and legislative issues that
may impact the Congresswoman's work.
Qualifications:
●Exceptional Communication Skills: Strong writing, editing, and proofreading
skills.
●Media Proficiency: Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media.
●Experience: 2-5 years of experience in developing communication strategy for
elected officials, government agencies, non-profit organizations, or similar
entities.
●Team Player: Expertise in advising others on communication strategy and the
ability to work effectively with a team and Member of Congress.
●Deadline-Oriented: Capable of producing communications materials under tight
deadlines.
Page 5 of 23

●Strategic Thinker: Politically savvy and skilled at navigating challenging
situations with the press and staff.
●Adaptability: Ability to work flexible hours, including long hours, nights, and
weekends, as needed.
●Constructive Feedback: Willingness to accept performance-based criticism and
direction.
●Relationship Building: Ability to maintain positive working relationships with
the Congresswoman, staff, and media professionals.
Equal Opportunity Employer:
Our office is committed to promoting diversity and inclusivity. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or expression,
pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
To Apply:
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to NV01jobs@gmail.com with "Application: Rep. Titus
Communications Director" in the subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-494-23

McClellan Hiring Communications Staffer
The Office of Congresswoman Jennifer McClellan (VA-04) seeks a proactive,
creative, and digital-savvy individual to join her D.C.-based communications
team. This position reports directly to the Communications Director and will play
an integral role in the office’s press and digital operation. Title, responsibilities,
and pay for this position are flexible and commensurate with experience. The pay
range is $60,000-$75,000.
Responsibilities include managing social media pages, writing compelling social
copy, and developing creative graphics, videos, and other digital collateral.
Additional responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s website, compiling
daily press clips, assisting in the execution of virtual and in-person press events,
and supporting the Communications Director in drafting and sending other press
materials, including press releases, media advisories, op-eds, and other content.
The ideal candidate will be creative in how they develop and grow the Member’s
digital platforms, be proficient in Adobe Creative Suite, understand social media
metrics, graphic design, and video production, be detail-oriented, and possess
strong written and verbal communication skills.
Prior communications experience required. Capitol Hill or other political
communications experience preferred. Virginia ties are a plus.
To apply please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
Page 6 of 23

to VA04.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
This full-time position is based in her Washington, D.C. office. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, national
origin, age, or military, marital, or parental status. The office prioritizes building
a diverse team: women and candidates from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and other
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply.
MEM-493-23

Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent
Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks an affable, driven, and informed student
of politics and government who possesses strong writing, organizational, and
time-management skills to serve as the face and first point-of-contact for the
Washington, D.C., office.
Responsibilities include managing the front office and greeting visitors,
overseeing the internship program, coordinating and processing flag and tour
requests, helping manage the constituent-correspondence program, providing
administrative support for the office, and other tasks as assigned. The ideal
candidate should have excellent attention to detail, strong communication skills
and work ethic, a good sense of humor, an eagerness to learn and grow within the
office, and a desire to be part of a highly-collaborative, high-achieving team.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and lasting from the ground up, particularly for a Member of Congress
who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff. His posts on the Judiciary and Homeland
Security Committees grant him and his staff a role in the most active and pressing
issues of the day. Every member on staff, including in this role, handles a
portfolio of issues and meets with advocacy groups.
Title and pay will be commensurate with work experience. Ties to the district,
Spanish proficiency, and prior Hill experience are all pluses worth mentioning.
Please submit a cover letter; resume, including two-to-three references; and
written sample of any form or substance that best showcases your writing talent.
If you are able, please also attach – or have someone send on your behalf – a
letter or email of recommendation from a congressional staffer. Send these
materials to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name – Staff
Assistant.”
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Page 7 of 23

MEM-490-23

The Office of Congressman Jamie Raskin (MD-08) seeks a Scheduler to work in
the Washington, D.C. office in a full-time capacity.
Candidates must have exceptional organizational and communications skills,
scrupulous attention to detail, effective time management, and thrive in a fastpaced team environment.
The successful candidate will have knowledge of the congressional work setting,
ability to balance competing demands and work well under pressure, and possess
sound judgement and a professional and discreet demeanor. The position requires
a willingness to work non-traditional hours when required. Capitol Hill or other
relevant administrative, operations, or scheduling experience is strongly
preferred. Ties to Maryland’s 8th District, humor, and a facility with other
languages are a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: developing, coordinating and
managing all aspects of the Members’s schedule and logistics in D.C. and in the
district; tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling
requests; leading scheduling meetings; communicating key information and
scheduling changes to the Congressman, staff, and stakeholders in a timely and
efficient manner; coordinating with legislative and press staff on events and
briefing materials, and coordinating with the district office, committee staff, other
Members offices, and with the campaign team on political scheduling requests;
assisting the Chief of Staff with office operations; and other duties as assigned.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply. The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity and
expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation, or any other
characteristic protected by applicable law, in any of its activities or operations.
To apply, please send an email to MD08.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler: Last Name” in the subject line and the following application
materials attached as one combined PDF:
•Cover letter (not to exceed two pages) – please customize your letter to this
position
•Résumé
•Two writing samples
•Three references – for each reference, please include name, current title/office,
phone.

MEM-489-23

Midwest Democrat is looking for a Staff Assistant for the Washington D.C.
office.

Page 8 of 23

Primary responsibilities include managing the front office, answering and logging
telephone calls, managing constituent requests for flags and tours, assisting with
constituent correspondence, recruiting and managing interns, supporting
legislative and communications staff, and other administrative duties.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal communication skills, strong organizational skills, demonstrate an
ability to think quickly when troubleshooting, and maintain a positive demeanor
in a busy environment. Candidate must be able to drive member, though does not
need to provide their own vehicle. Capitol Hill or other relevant experience is
preferred. Illinois ties are a plus.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to IL10.Jobs@mail.house.gov and list “Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.
MEM-483-23

Legislative Assistant | Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44)
Salary Range: $60,000 - $80,000 (commensurate with experience)
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) seeks a Legislative Assistant position
in her Washington, DC office. The Legislative Assistant will manage the
Member’s work on the Energy & Commerce Health Subcommittee and cover an
active portfolio that includes health care, aging & families, child welfare, social
security, veteran’s affairs, LGBTQ issues, and appropriations for these issues.
Primary duties include preparing and staffing the Member for subcommittee
hearings and markups; drafting legislation, letters, memos, and talking points;
researching and advising the Member on policy issues; making vote
recommendations; maintaining positive relationships with constituents, advocacy
groups, and key stakeholders; supporting the work of the communications team,
district staff, and Congressional Hispanic Caucus staff; advancing the Member’s
legislative priorities, and other tasks as required.
The position requires strong written and oral communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple priorities, and the ability to work collaboratively in a team
environment.
In addition, candidates should understand the legislative process, sound political
judgment, coalition building, familiarity working on issues that impact
Page 9 of 23

communities of color, and have the ability to maintain strategic relationships with
issue advocates, constituent organizations, and stakeholders.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least Capitol Hill
or relevant policy experience, be highly motivated, detail-oriented, and possess
strong organizational and time-management skills.
Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. California ties are a plus.
To apply, candidates should send a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
three references to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov. Please include your name
and “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-481-23

Representative Jason Crow (CO-6) seeks a District Director for his Aurora, CO
office.
We are looking for an experienced leader who can serve as the Congressman’s
primary advisor in the district office, manage a talented team, and maintain strong
relationships with community leaders and stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will have strong oral and written communications skills,
thoroughness and careful attention to detail, and the temperament to
communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner.
This is not an entry level position. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Candidates should submit a resume and cover letter with the subject line “District
Director” to: co06.resumes@mail.house.gov. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins,
please

MEM-478-23

Member Services Coordinator, House Committee on Natural Resources Democratic Staff
The Democratic staff of the House Natural Resources Committee (HNRC) seeks
an extremely detail-oriented, organized, and motivated member services
coordinator who will report to the Staff Director. Candidates should be passionate

Page 10 of 23

about issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction and have excellent interpersonal
skills.
Primary responsibilities include:
•Tracking and facilitating member attendance at official committee proceedings,
including hearings, markups, and roundtable events.
•Conducting regular outreach to committee Member offices to build relationships
with staff, sharing opportunities for Member or staff participation in events,
messaging, and other efforts, and identifying new ideas for collaboration with
Member offices.
•Maintaining staff contact information and distribution list.
•Ensuring the logistical execution of outreach and engagement activities,
including providing advance staffing for committee travel, securing venues,
identifying potential vendors and contractors, and ensuring logistical
requirements and needs are met.
•Cultivating interest and participation of Committee members in committee
activities.
•Developing memoranda and reports for committee staff on Committee member
priorities, needs, and interests.
•Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications: `
•Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and concerns of
individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations. Understands
how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic, public health, and social
inequality in the U.S. and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems.
•Knowledge of the committee’s jurisdiction, legislative process, and of House
organization and procedures.
•Expert political acumen, judgment, discretion, and command of nuance.
•Exceptional written and verbal communication skills and ability to communicate
with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
•High levels of organization, especially while managing numerous and often
competing tasks, deadlines, and contacts.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
•Experience in a member services role with a stakeholder constituency group
preferred.
The position is based in Washington, D.C. The member services coordinator will
be expected to work in-office when Congress is in session.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the

Page 11 of 23

application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.
Compensation: Salary is commensurate with experience. The office offers
benefits, including competitive options for health, dental, vision, and life
insurance; retirement match; student loan repayment program and transit/parking
benefits.
To apply, address your application materials
to NRDems.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “HNRC Member
Services Coordinator” by COB Friday, October 20, 2023. Include a cover letter,
résumé, and two writing samples.
This posting will be removed from the website once the position has been filled.
https://democrats-naturalresources.house.gov/contact/job-postings
MEM-477-23

The Office of Congressman Jason Crow (CO-6) seeks a Digital Assistant or
Manager for his Washington, DC office.
This position will help develop and implement the office’s digital and social
media strategy. The Digital Assistant/Manager will also manage clips for the
office, film videos and write scripts for the member, and edit video, and create
graphics.
Ideal candidates will be able to quickly develop creative and punchy digital
content. Video editing and photography experience is a plus. Colorado ties are
preferred but not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, one-page writing sample, and if
available, any videography or photography portfolio, with the subject line
“Digital Staffer” to: co06.resumes@mail.house.gov. No phone calls, faxes, or
drop-ins, please.

MEM-474-23

The Office of Congressman Sanford Bishop (GA-02) seeks an organized, detailoriented candidate to serve as scheduler in his Washington, D.C. office. This
position will work closely with both the D.C. and District staff.
The scheduler will develop, coordinate, and manage all aspects of the Member’s
schedule and logistics in D.C. and in district. This includes tracking, evaluating,
and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests, coordinating travel for

Page 12 of 23

the Member and Chief, compiling his briefing materials, and providing
operational support for the office.
Other responsibilities include facilitating stakeholder outreach, coordinating
internal and external events; coordinating with the legislative and press teams for
necessary briefing materials; overseeing coordination with other Member offices,
committee staff, leadership offices, federal agencies; coordinating with campaign
and non-official staff on political scheduling requests; and other tasks as
assigned.
The ideal candidate will have a good sense of humor, excellent attention to detail,
strong communication skills, and thrive in a fast-paced work environment. This
position requires the ability to multitask, work well under pressure, manage
conflicting requests, communicate scheduling changes to the Member, and the
flexibility to respond to urgent scheduling needs outside of normal hours when
necessary.
To apply please email a resume and short cover letter or statement of interest
to GA02.scheduling@mail.house.gov. This full-time position is based in
Washington, D.C.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious
affiliation, national origin, age, or military, marital, or parental status.
MEM-472-23

Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro (CT-03) seeks experienced, hardworking team
player with outstanding writing skills and sound political judgment to serve as
Speechwriter in her Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, production of all speeches, talking
points, scripts for pre-recorded videos, and other written materials as needed.
Candidates must be flexible, highly dependable, organized, and proactive, as well
as possess a working knowledge of issues facing Congress, strong oral and
written communication skills, a proven ability to write quickly and crisply, the
ability to target messages for specific audiences, and a talent for creatively
researching and succinctly describing complex issues. This is not an entry level
position.
The ideal candidate should have significant speechwriting experience, a
collaborative approach to writing, and work well under pressure and with tight
deadlines. Salary is commensurate with experience.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates of diverse backgrounds
are encouraged to apply. Connecticut ties are a plus. This office requires all staff
and interns to complete a full SARS-CoV2 vaccination course, regardless of
recovery from prior coronavirus illness, as a condition of employment.
Page 13 of 23

Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three writing samples,
and references to CT03jobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Speechwriter
Vacancy.” No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-470-23

Representative Peltola seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant for her
Washington, D.C. office to manage her Health and Education portfolio.
Primary responsibilities include advising the Representative on all legislative
matters related to healthcare and education. This staffer will be expected to work
closely with other Hill offices and relevant Committee staff on the
Representative’s legislative priorities in this portfolio.
The ideal candidate is a self-starter and critical thinker with excellent written and
verbal communication skills. The ability to work both independently and in a
collaborative setting is crucial. Previous Hill experience is required, with a
minimum of 2-3 years of Hill experience preferred.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter
to akresumes@mail.house.gov

MEM-468-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks one attorney with 5-10 years of experience to serve as Investigative
Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.
The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE
Page 14 of 23

•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
•Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
Page 15 of 23

United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-466-23

Legislative Assistant/Foreign Policy Advisor Opening -- Congresswoman Lois
Frankel (FL-22), is hiring a Legislative Assistant/Foreign Policy Advisor to
support her work as a member of the House Appropriations Committee and as
Co-Chair of the bipartisan Women, Peace, and Security Caucus. This position
will encompass a wide range of foreign policy issues including covering the State
and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee, Israel, homeland security,
immigration, veterans, and other issues as assigned.
Applicant must be comfortable working in a fast-paced and team-oriented
environment. Excellent writing skills, ability to build and maintain relationships,
and attention to detail are required. This is not an entry-level position. Previous
experience on the Hill and with the Appropriations process is preferred.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
Salary range is $70,000 - $85,000 depending on experience, and includes health
insurance, student loan repayment, and other competitive benefits. Title and
salary will be commensurate with experience. Please fill out the google form
at tinyurl.com/FL22FPLA to apply. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling
basis.

MEM-464-23

Press Secretary / Digital Director / Deputy Communications Director –
Congresswoman Diana DeGette (D-CO) is seeking a highly motivated, detailorientated communications professional for a vacancy in her communications
shop. This position can be based out of either DeGette’s Washington, D.C. or
Denver, CO office.
The ideal candidate will be creative, have strong writing and organizational skills,
and a proficiency in crafting digital content — as well as experience coordinating
with media. Being a detail-oriented team player is essential, along with the ability
to be a self-starter and work on multiple projects at once in a fast-paced
environment. A good attitude and friendly demeanor are greatly appreciated.
Capitol Hill experience or Colorado ties are a plus, but not required.
Responsibilities will include overseeing digital content for the member’s social
media platforms and website; graphic design; video filming and editing; taking
photographs; drafting releases, newsletters, advisories, talking points, speeches,
and more; organizing press events; and compiling daily press clips. This position
Page 16 of 23

will coordinate closely with and report to the Communications Director.
The salary range for the position is commensurate with experience and expected
to fall within $55,000 – $65,000 annually. Both title and salary are negotiable
based on experience.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified candidates should submit a cover
letter, resume, two writing samples, and an example of previous digital media or
graphic design projects to DeGette.Comms@mail.house.gov with their last name
in the subject line. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis until the
position is filled. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Candidates from all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-463-23

Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-08) seeks a full-time legislative assistant in
Washington, D.C.
The legislative assistant will be responsible for important issues areas such
as worker and family support, education, labor, transportation, among other
issues, in a fast-paced congressional office for a member of House
Democratic Leadership on the Ways and Means Committee and Budget
Committee.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging, including drafting bills and
amendments; developing strategic plans to advance legislation through Congress;
staffing
committee meetings; interacting with constituents and district
stakeholders, committee/leadership committee staff and federal agencies; and
writing policy briefing memos and talking points.
Candidates must have a self-starting personality, passion for public
service, strong written and verbal communication skills and an eagerness to work
on a team in a collaborative office environment. This is not an entry-level
position. A minimum three years of relevant work experience is required.
Michigan ties preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and a writing
sample to kildeejobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-462-23

The Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. is seeking a
Communications Director that can work in Washington DC or the Charlotte,
NC District Office.
Page 17 of 23

The Communications Director is expected to work closely with the Chief of
Staff, Deputy Chief of Staff / District Director, and the Legislative Director to
develop and execute a comprehensive and aggressive strategic plan to inform
constituents and the media about Congresswoman Adams and her work as a
member of congress.
This includes making media pitches, organizing press events, and reviewing,
drafting, and finalizing statements, talking points/speeches, press releases, media
advisories, and other messaging (e.g., newsletters and social media). Finally, the
Communications Director will oversee all Franked communications, which
includes mailers. Successful candidates will be exceptional writers and have
strong experience working in fast-paced environments and implementing
aggressive communications plans. North Carolina ties strongly preferred.
View the full job description attached.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Develop strategic communications plans and work closely with the DC and
District Offices to implement successful media strategies;
•Produce written and visual content for the office, including but not limited to
press releases, statements, social media post and weekly newsletters;
•Manage, mentor, and grow the communications team, focusing on staff
professional development, skill building, and efficient workflows;
•Build and sustain strong relationships with North Carolina and national print,
online, radio, and broadcast media (reporters, producers, editors, columnists, etc),
and remain ready to identify creative ways to pitch the Member;
•Prepare, brief, and staff the Member for media interviews, press conferences,
roundtables, and other engagements;
•Draft and edit office materials, talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds,
and other materials as necessary; and
•Speak on background or on the record with reporters when necessary and act as
a media liaison for the Member.
REQUIREMENTS:
•Bachelor’s Degree in a relevant field or equivalent professional experience;
•Previous Capitol Hill, campaign or political experience strongly preferred;
•Exceptionally strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
•Previous on the record experience;
•Experience managing others and promoting professional development;
•Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media and how to
successfully create and leverage opportunities in each;
•Strategic thinker, politically savvy, and ability to manage competing priorities
and develop solutions under tight deadlines;
•Ability to work well with others, willingness to take initiative, manage
competing priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines

Page 18 of 23

are a must; and
•Works a flexible schedule, including long hours on nights and weekends.
Rep. Alma S. Adams’ office provides equal employment opportunities to all
employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and
harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national
origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation,
gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal,
state or local laws.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, a resume, three references, and
three writing samples to NC12.resume@mail.house.gov with “[NAME] –
Communications Director” in the subject line.
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
Page 19 of 23

•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.
MEM-448-23

Professional Staff Member: The House Armed Services Committee Democrats
are seeking a Professional Staff Member for the Military Personnel
Subcommittee.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, advising Members of Congress on
military justice and other military personnel policy matters, evaluating budget
requests and legislative proposals, preparing for committee hearings and
briefings, and developing and drafting proposal for inclusion in the annual
National Defense Authorization Act.
The Military Personnel Subcommittee jurisdiction includes: policy and programs
and accounts related to military personnel and their families, Reserve Component
integration and employment, military health care, military education, dependent
schools, POW/MIA issues, Morale, Welfare and Recreation, commissaries,
cemeteries under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense, the Uniform
Page 20 of 23

Code of Military Justice, military retirement issues, and the civilian and contract
workforce.
This is not an entry level position. Candidates with a law degree and experience
with the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) are strongly preferred. The
Committee is an is an Equal Opportunity Employer and strongly values the
diversity of its employees. A successful candidate will be required to obtain and
maintain a security clearance.
Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references,
to hasc.dememployment@mail.house.gov with the subject line: “Full Name –
PSM – Military Personnel.” We will accept applications until the position is
filled.
MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy
Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.
Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and
Page 21 of 23

possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-305-23

DPCC COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – The House Democratic Policy
and Communications Committee seeks an experienced Communications Director.
The Communications Director will work with the Executive Director to design
and execute strategies that advance the message priorities and values of House
Democrats; create messaging guidance, event suggestions, sample releases, and
other communications tools; help Democratic offices pitch stories, hold strong
local press events, and position Members in the media; and assist in bolstering
paid communications programs in Democratic offices.
The Communications Director is also expected to assist with the planning and
execution of regular DPCC message meetings and policy dinners; support DPCC
outreach initiatives; and assist with daily tasks and long-term planning. Spanish
language fluency and experience with constituency media is strongly preferred.
This is not an entry-level position; a strong background in communications on
Capitol Hill is required. DPCC is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex,
gender, LGBTQ+ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people
of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. DPCC
will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
To apply, please email jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF: 1. Cover letter; 2. Résumé;
3. Two writing samples, with one coming from work on Capitol Hill; and 4. Two
references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email,
and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not
contact these references without contacting you first).

MEM-300-23

Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-O4) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working,
skilled and experienced Legislative Director to help shape and manage a robust
legislative portfolio.

Page 22 of 23

Congressman Horsford is a member of the Armed Services and Financial
Services Committees, Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, and an active
frontline member. Previous legislative experience on Capitol Hill is required, and
Nevada ties are a plus.
Ideal candidates will have experience managing and mentoring staff, thinking
strategically and will possess a sophisticated understanding of the legislative
process, along with excellent writing, organizational and time management skills.
The ideal candidate will primarily be responsible for managing a legislative
portfolio that consists of healthcare, taxes, gun violence prevention, and other
issues.
Candidates should be creative, proactive and self-motivated, and have an ability
to operate effectively under pressure and work closely in a team atmosphere in
this fast-moving, dynamic office.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or parental
status. Women, people of color and LGBTQAI+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply, as are candidates with Nevada ties.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience, along with generous
benefits and professional development opportunities.
Interested candidates must include a cover letter, resume, two page max writing
sample and three professional references in a single PDF file.
Email submissions to the Director of Administration, Selena Harvey
at nv04resumes@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-LD-23_last name". No calls please. Individuals selected for an
interview will be contacted.

Page 23 of 23

