House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 5, 2017

MEM-163-17

Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated and organized
lawyer with strong writing, legal and interpersonal skills. The ideal candidate
will be able to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure and after
a year, may be promoted to legislative counsel. The Legislative Assistant
works with the Chief Counsel/Legislative Director and with the Chief of Staff
to develop and implement the Member’s legislative strategy in his/her issue
areas; prepares materials for hearings; prepare legislation, amendments, and
congressional record statements; and conducts research. Responsibilities
include managing and handling issues that include but are not limited to
Federal Workforce, U.S. Postal Service, Federal-District of Columbia issues,
and Labor policy. The ability to write well under tight deadlines is essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented, problem
solving lawyer and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior
Hill, law firm or similar experience is preferred but not always required.
Candidate must possess a law degree and be, or be willing to become, a

Page 1 of 7

resident of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience
level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-162-17

Northeastern Republican seeks experienced scheduler for active
Congressional office. Responsibilities include preparing Congressman’s
weekly and long term DC and state schedules; responding to all incoming
scheduling requests, invitations, and other scheduling related inquiries in a
timely, reliable and professional manner; coordinating closely with
appropriate staff to ensure they are notified as needed regarding upcoming
meetings and events. Individual will work closely with Chief of Staff to
ensure smooth coordination of Congressman’s scheduling requirements.
Position requires ability to excel under pressure, manage multiple tasks, and
work well with others. Prior Congressional Scheduling experience is
REQUIRED.
To apply, send resume and two references to gopjobopening@gmail.com.

MEM-161-17

Ways and Means Committee Republican is seeking a Legislative Assistant to
handle a legislative portfolio with an emphasis on trade, energy, defense,
foreign affairs, and transportation issues. Duties include, but are not limited
to monitoring floor, committee, and regulatory activity; conducting meetings
with constituents and stakeholders; developing legislation; and advising the
Congressman and senior staff. Applicants must have policy experience and
strong writing, organizational, and project management skills.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to: goppolicyjob@gmail.com.

MEM-159-17

Midwestern Republican on the Energy & Commerce Committee is looking
for a legislative assistant to handle healthcare policy. The successful
applicant will have excellent writing and communications skills, the ability to
build and maintain relationships both on and off the Hill, able to identify
legislative initiatives to lead on, and comfortable operating in a fast-paced
team environment. To apply, please e-mail your resume and cover letter to:
Midwestern.Republican@mail.house.gov.

MEM-158-17

The New York District Office of Congresswoman Carolyn B. Maloney in
Manhattan is looking for a bright, energetic individual with a strong interest
in public service (Caseworker/District Representative). Responsibilities
include representing the Congresswoman at community meetings and
hearings, staffing her at weekend press conferences, and acting as a liaison
between constituents and government agencies on a diverse range of issues
which may include Medicare, health insurance, social security concerns,
immigration, housing, taxes and student loans. Respondents should expect to
Page 2 of 7

become involved in community concerns which can include issues relating to
housing, development, veterans, transportation, environment and other district
concerns. This is a full time position, with some weekend work and late
nights.
Full federal benefits apply. Good writing skills are essential. Having a car is
a plus.
Interested applicants should send a resume and a cover letter to
minna.elias@mail.house.gov.
MEM-157-17

The office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle is seeking a highly motivated
and creative individual for the position of Communications Assistant.
Successful applicant will work closely with the Communications Director and
with the Member.
Candidates must possess strong writing skills, expertise in graphic design,
proficiency in social media platforms and metrics, the ability to operate in a
fast-paced office under strict deadlines, and a capacity to work collaboratively
with both DC and district staff.
Responsibilities include: drafting press releases, speechwriting, preparing
talking points, creating, writing and developing social media strategies,
creating graphics and editing video. The right candidate will also be proficient
in Adobe Photoshop (or similar photo editing program), Adobe Illustrator (or
similar graphic creation program) and non-linear video editing.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing
samples, and graphic portfolio to PA13.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
“Communications Assistant" in the Subject Line. No phone calls, faxes or
drop-ins please.

MEM-156-17

Southern California Democrat is seeking an experienced Communications
Director. Candidate will be responsible for planning and executing a
proactive and aggressive media and community outreach strategy. Candidates
should have a minimum of 2 years of political communications experience
and have excellent writing skills, be creative, energetic, and able to work well
in a fast-paced collaborative environment. Applicants need prior on-therecord experience, a strong history of drafting all forms of communications
materials—especially op-eds and long form speeches—and an ability to
respond to challenging situations quickly and strategically. Candidates should
have a track-record of successfully pitching both national and local media
entities. Responsibilities include serving as spokesperson, drafting press
releases and advisories, op-eds, and talking points, and managing social
media platforms. California ties and knowledge of CA media and political
landscape a plus. Spanish-speaking preferred. This is not an entry-level
Page 3 of 7

position. Qualified applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, and
appropriate writing samples to: southerncalijobs@gmail.com.
MEM-153-17

Midwestern Democratic House Member is seeking a Scheduler for the
Washington, D.C. office. Primary responsibilities will include: receiving,
evaluating and organizing incoming requests and invitations; coordinating the
Member’s briefing materials; greeting the communicating key information
regarding the Member’s schedule to staff; and ensuring proper advance work
is done for Member’s appearances and events. The Scheduler will work
closely with senior staff. A successful candidate will be a self-starter, detailoriented, with a shown a history of sound professional judgment and problem
solving capabilities. Must have ability to multitask and balance workload in a
dynamic, fast-paced environment. The ideal candidate will have strong
teamwork skills and the ability to work with various personalities and
styles. Qualified applicants should have previous Scheduling and/or
Executive Assistant experience, preferably on Capitol Hill. Please e-mail a
cover letter and resume to Walz.Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-152-17

The Office of Congressman Al Green (D-TX) seeks a Legislative Assistant
to manage a diverse portfolio of issue areas including transportation, veterans
affairs, healthcare and homeland security. Candidates should have strong
communication, research, and writing skills. We are looking for a proactive,
detail-oriented staffer with a collaborative working style. To apply, please
email a cover letter, resume, writing sample and a list of references to
TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Prior legislative experience on Capitol
Hill and Houston ties are preferred. This is not an entry-level position.

MEM-151-17

Southern Republican House Member seeking a Hill experienced staff
member to maintain the Member’s schedule, arrange travel plans, and
coordinate the administrative responsibilities of the office. This position will
serve as a direct liaison between the visitors to the office and the member
and/or staff.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and salary history to
ushousestaffjob@gmail.com.

MEM-150-17

Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic, organized,
creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active and visible constituent
services staff.
The Events Coordinator/Constituent Services Representative is also a
caseworker who helps constituents with federal issues but spends part of the
time managing and directing very diverse city-wide and neighborhood events
that relate to the Congresswoman’s congressional and constituent
responsibilities, including staying on top of everyday events in the Member’s
district that keep the community connected to the Member’s work. The
Page 4 of 7

Events Coordinator takes the lead to develop major events, among them, the
Tax Fair, Small Business Fair, Job Fair, and Black History Month events.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks. The office prizes staff able
to think outside the box and work independently while also being available to
assist in co-worker projects where necessary or requested. Prior community
or event planning experience is desirable. The ideal candidate will have a
bachelor’s degree, excellent writing and communication skills, experience
interacting with the public and leadership qualities. Candidate must be a
resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to DC if
hired.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter and references to:
(202) 225-1129 (fax) or to dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov. NO PHONE
CALLS PLEASE!
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.
MEM-149-17

Congresswoman Gabbard is seeking a dynamic, passionate Military
Legislative Assistant or Senior National Security/Foreign Policy Advisor to
support her work on the House Armed Services Committee and House
Foreign Affairs Committee. This position’s portfolio will include Veterans
Affairs, Homeland Security, and Intelligence. Responsibilities include
preparing and staffing the Member for committee hearings, managing the
day-to-day development of Member requests for the National Defense
Authorization Act, working closely with the Member on legislative strategy,
researching and advising the Member on bills and other issues, and
representing the Member in meetings and events.
We are seeking someone to join our fun, team-oriented, hard-working office.
The successful candidate will possess a can-do attitude and will be solutions
oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter and will
possess the capacity to produce high quality work on short deadlines. He or
she will also have a demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with
colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work environment. Veteran
applications are encouraged. Ideal candidates should have House Armed
Services Committee experience, Hill experience, or both. Hawaii ties and an
active security clearance is a plus.
To submit your application, please email a resume, cover letter, and two short
writing samples with the subject line “Military legislative assistant”
to hi02jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or walk-ins.

MEM-147-17

Democratic Member of Congress from North Carolina seeks a Legislative
Director for D.C. Office. The legislative portfolio includes transportation.
This individual is responsible for drafting legislation and amendments,
Page 5 of 7

tracking legislation, developing legislative initiatives, writing speeches and
floor statements, staffing the Member in Committee, and representing the
Member in meetings with constituents and interested parties. Applicants
should have experience in education policy, excellent written and verbal
communication skills, work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment,
be a strong team player, and have at least two years of legislative experience
on Capitol Hill. Ties to North Carolina are a plus. Qualified applicants should
send a cover letter, resume, and two brief writing samples along with three
references to nchousejobs@gmail.com. Please be sure to put LEGISLATIVE
DIRECTOR in the subject line. No drop-ins or phone calls. The office is an
equal opportunity employer.

MEM-145-17

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative assistant focused on economics to join our
Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. He or she will be
expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues, including budget and
appropriations, commerce, defense, housing, social welfare, and taxation.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. He or she must
demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom,
the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. A degree in economics or at least
two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience
is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
This job opportunity was first posted late last year, but no interviews were
conducted. Previous applicants still interested in this opportunity should
resubmit their materials, as previous submissions will not be considered.

Page 6 of 7

MEM-142-17

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking an
IT professional with technical, project management, and policy expertise to
serve as a Committee Investigator. This position involves examining agency
IT activities and translating highly technical subject matter into analytical
documents and policy recommendations in an extremely fast-paced
environment; it is not a developer or operations role. Program/project
manager, senior analyst, or subject matter expert-level experience managing
enterprise modernization efforts is required. Government agency, contractor,
or corporate backgrounds are equally acceptable. Health informatics,
particularly electronic health records, experience is strongly
preferred. Qualified veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Prior Hill
experience is helpful but not necessary. Interested candidates should send
their (1) cover letter, (2) resume, (3) references, and (4) writing sample of a
policy or analytical nature to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with "IT
Investigator" in the subject line. No walk-ins please.

MEM-141-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks motivated, hard-working staffer
for his fast-paced San Antonio federal office. Responsibilities include
handling district scheduling requests, administrative duties, intern
supervision, and community and constituent work. Ideal candidates must be
highly-organized, detail orientated, work well under pressure, be able to
manage multiple tasks, possess excellent writing skills for handling
correspondence, and have strong interpersonal skills. Spanish speaking and
strong local ties a plus. Email resume, three references, and brief writing
sample to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Entitle your email: San Antonio
District Office Position. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-123-17

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives, and Ranking
Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic
staff. The ideal candidate will be a junior attorney (less than five years of
experience) with a background or strong interest in environmental matters,
including investigations, hearings, depositions, and briefings. Candidates with
diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure,
be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication
skills. Please send a resume and cover letter to
oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject line.

Page 7 of 7

