House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 8, 2019

MEM-292-19

Congressman Ted Lieu has an immediate opening for a Staff Assistant in his
Los Angeles District Office. Primary responsibilities include answering
phones, maintaining the front office, assisting with various administrative and
legislative duties and aiding constituents with federal casework. The Staff
Assistant will greet constituents, ensures that constituent requests for
assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member in a timely manner and
will assist district staff to ensure the proper execution of events
and programs in the district.
The successful applicant must have a positive attitude and the ability to work
and set priorities in a fast paced and challenging environment. Strong writing
and verbal communications skills are essential. A valid California Driver
License and automobile are required. Bilingual skills are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal benefits. Congressman Lieu’s primary
district office is located in West Los Angeles. Our office is an Equal
Opportunity Employer.

Page 1 of 8

If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, references, and two short
writing samples no later than
July 18, 2019 to:
NICOLAS RODRIQUEZ
District Director
Congressman Ted Lieu (CA-33)
1645 Corinth Avenue, Suite 101
Los Angeles, CA 90025
Lieu.Staff@mail.house.gov
MEM-290-19

The Committee on Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations is seeking to fill a Professional Staff Member position on the
Republican staff. The ideal candidate will have a strong interest in
investigations and natural resources issues.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staffing Subcommittee and
some Full Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and
some Full Committee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as
well as with outside organizations, transcribed interviews, reviewing
document productions, research, interacting with various congressional
committee and personal offices, and managing the Subcommittee’s
administrative needs.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, attention to detail, desire to
learn how to conduct congressional oversight and investigations, be selfmotivated, work well under pressure, and possess strong research, written,
and oral communication skills. Prior Hill experience preferred, but not
required. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NaturalResources.Jobs@mail.house.gov, with “O&I PSM” in the subject
line.

MEM-289-19

The Committee on Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations is seeking to fill a Counsel position on the Republican staff.
The ideal candidate will have at least three years of experience with a
background or strong interest in investigations. Experience in natural
resources issues is a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staffing Subcommittee and
some Full Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and
some Full Committee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as
well as with outside organizations, depositions/ transcribed interviews,
reviewing document productions, research, managing external sources of

Page 2 of 8

information, and interacting with various congressional committee and
personal offices.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, superior attention to detail, be
self-motivated, work well under pressure, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills. JD required. Prior Hill experience preferred, but
not required. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NaturalResources.Jobs@mail.house.gov, with “O&I Counsel” in the subject
line.
MEM-279-19

Senior Republican Member on Appropriations looking for Communications
Director. Ideal candidates should have 3-5 years of Hill experience, strong
writing skills, are detailed oriented, and familiar working with the media.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Interested applicants should send their cover letter, resume and writing
samples to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov

MEM-277-19

The office of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz is seeking an
experienced Policy Advisor/Counsel to support the Member’s legislative
priorities in the areas of Defense, Homeland Security, Labor/Trade, Judiciary,
and all other relevant legislative and policy work, including related
Appropriations Committee assignments.
Responsibilities include advising the Member on all matters in the issue
portfolio; developing and advancing legislative proposals; analyzing
legislation and drafting vote recommendations and talking points for floor and
committee proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; and
representing the Member before constituents and stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will have a law degree; experience advising a Member of
Congress; experience advancing policy proposals; excellent written and
verbal communication skills; and enjoy working in a fast-paced, collaborative
environment. Prior work in another Congressional or Senate office is
required.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume and writing sample to
FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Policy
Advisor/Counsel.” Please save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf
preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.”
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

Page 3 of 8

Application materials must be received by 12:00pm EST July 12, 2019.
MEM-264-19

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced, creative and highly motivated Digital Specialist for her
Washington, D.C. office. Reporting to the Communications Director, the
Digital Specialist is responsible for creating original and creative content
(including, but not limited to, videos and graphics) and managing the
Congresswoman’s social media channels to further communicate and elevate
her agenda and accomplishments.
The ideal candidate will have:
*Social media, graphic design, and video production experience in a
legislative office, campaign, political organization or progressive advocacy
group;
*Fluency with social media platforms and a nuanced understanding of the
current social media landscape and trends;
*Excellent organization and time management skills necessary to work in a
fast-paced environment that requires rapid response;
*Strong writing skills and attention to detail;
*A passion for storytelling and social justice.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
*Drafting daily digital content for highly active social media channels;
*Serving as the lead graphic designer and video producer/editor for the office;
*Tracking social media performance and providing analysis of trends and
opportunities for future growth;
*Updating and managing the Congresswoman’s official website; and
*Coordinating the creation and distribution of an e-newsletter.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
two writing samples, two graphic design samples, three references, and links
to either a reel or samples of video work.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Digital
Specialist” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-263-19

The Denver district office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is
seeking a Constituent Services Representative with superior
communication (verbal and writing), customer service, relationship building
and problem-solving skills. The ideal candidate will have experience in public
service, grants work and/or arts and education. Moreover, the ideal candidate

Page 4 of 8

is organized, detail-oriented and resilient in the face of a fast-paced legislative
office. The ideal candidate is proactive and comfortable working with diverse
staff, community members and constituents.
SUMMARY
The Constituent Services Representative acts as a representative for the
Congresswoman in assigned communities and provides casework assistance
to constituents in assigned issue areas.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
*Assists constituents by providing information and is capable of researching
federal issues, answering questions on federal issues, directing constituents to
appropriate state or local governments or community resources.
*Writes memorandums for meetings the Congresswoman has scheduled
within assigned areas.
CASEWORK
* Answers casework correspondence, meets with constituents and serves as a
liaison with federal, state and local agencies in terms of assigned issue areas.
*Controls and processes constituent correspondence and cases in the
casework areas as assigned; exercises judgment to determine the best course
of action for individual cases.
*Follows district office casework policy and employs appropriate
congressional casework tools, programs and resources, logs in all incoming
and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to casework.
*Screens and refers cases, where appropriate, to other congressional district
offices; continually screens active cases to ensure that their cases are handled
in a responsive
manner; maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information
of importance
to the office.
*Logs-in constituent comments and researches questions on federal policy,
law or procedure
in the casework / issue areas as assigned; works with legislative staff in the
Washington,
D.C. office on researching issues regarding pending legislation in conjunction
with district
office outreach/events.
OUTREACH
*Acts as a liaison to assigned constituency groups to form effective
relationships for the
district office; facilitates meetings with federal agencies, constituents, and
groups having a

Page 5 of 8

common interest.
*Represents the Congresswoman at meetings/events of assigned constituency
groups.
GENERAL DUTIES
*Drives and staffs the Congresswoman for various events, meetings and
district office
outreach activities/functions, as needed;
*Meets attendance requirements established by the office; works full-time
which
periodically, may include additional hours, nights, and weekends without
overtime pay;
works well under pressure and manages stress appropriately;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff and
constituents;
*Performs other duties as assigned by the District Director.
SKILLS & KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED
*Ability to perform Essential Job Functions referenced herein;
*Good organizational skills, professional manner and appearance;
*Good communications skills (written and verbal); ability to communicate
effectively with
a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner;
*Knowledge of Microsoft Office suite; proficiency in word processing and
mail-merge;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Ability to drive a car – valid driver’s license.
WORKING CONDITIONS
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate;
*Work at a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE
*U.S. Citizen; office experience preferred; driver’s license;
*High school or GED required; college degree preferred.
Please send cover letter and resume to degette.employment@mail.house.gov
MEM-258-19

We are looking to expand the Member's visibility and outreach, resulting in a
need for highly diligent, confident candidates with substantial experience for
the role of Communications Director. Spanish speaking skills are also
important.

Page 6 of 8

The position comes with great responsibility, as our Communications Director
is part of the senior staff for the Congressman and responsible for helping in
development and promotion of the Member's agenda. All aspects of
communications are covered, including but not limited to, televised press
conferences, statements to the press, speeches, radio addresses and social
media. Experience with graphic design is a plus. The selected individual will
also work closely with the entire office team to formulate consistent
messaging in district mail pieces, and our 499-program.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid vacation and
sick leave, parking or metro benefits, health insurance and retirement -- Plus
an awesome work environment! Anyone interested may send their
applications to Congressionaljobopening@gmail.com
MEM-256-19

The Republican (Minority) staff of the House Committee on Veteran’s Affairs
is seeking a full-time press assistant in its Washington office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: drafting talking points, press
releases, speeches, and op-eds; managing the website; updating social media;
and compiling and monitoring press clips.
The ideal candidate will possess strong written and verbal communication
skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, professionalism, and a
good sense of humor. Prior Capitol Hill experience and/ or military service
are a plus. Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume,
references, and three writing samples to var.resumes@mail.house.gov with
“Press Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-252-19

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative assistant with a background in law to join our
Washington, DC-based policy team. The legislative assistant will draft
legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy
matters, among other duties. The person will be expected to handle a diverse
portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.

Page 7 of 8

Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
MEM-243-19

Southern California Democrat seeks District Director to oversee all
operations of the district offices, including the development and
implementation of policy objectives, strategies and operating plans, as well as
direct all activities and staff of the district offices. This position is responsible
for recruiting, hiring, training, and managing district staff and ensures that
district staff complies with office policies, practices, and procedures;
represents the Member and/or assigns appropriate staff to do so at events or
functions through the district as needed.
Responsibilities include strategizing, developing, and implementing district
communications and outreach plan for constituents, including casework
management. This individual also serves as the primary liaison between the
Congresswoman and constituents and special interest groups in the district;
and, acts as an advisor for the Congresswoman on local concerns, district
issues and politics, and other developments throughout the region.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of management experience, a
strong ability to provide necessary organization, leadership and motivation to
manage a Congressional office; excellent oral and written communication
skills; and thorough knowledge of the legislative process. The ideal candidate
is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing
to work long hours (including evenings and weekends) in a fast-paced and
demanding setting. Spanish fluency and Southern California ties are a plus.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing
samples to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with just “District Director” in the
subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply.

Page 8 of 8

