________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 12, 2022

MEM-467-22

Rep. Grace F. Napolitano’s office seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent in our Washington, DC office
The position is responsible for Staff Assistant duties of greeting visitors,
answering phones, arranging constituent tours, taking flag requests, and general
office management, such as supply inventory and assistance to staff. The position
also includes Legislative Correspondent responsibilities such as collecting and
organizing constituent mail, drafting response letters, and informing the
Congresswoman and staff of the constituent correspondence.
The position is also responsible for managing and hiring interns. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. California ties
and Spanish-language skills are a plus.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit their resume, cover letter, and a
one-page writing sample to NapolitanoCP@mail.house.gov with the subject
“SA/LC: LAST NAME” by September 23rd, 2022.

MEM-466-22

Congressmember Judy Chu (CA-27) seeks an experienced, highly motivated,
hard-working Communications Director for her Washington, D.C. office.

Page 1 of 11

Responsibilities include managing all aspects of the Congressmember’s
communications, including writing speeches and press releases, working closely
with legislative and district staff to effectively communicate the Member’s
message, handling daily media inquiries, maintaining relationships with national
and local reporters, pitching op-eds, managing the website, producing videos and
social media content, planning and pitching press events, overseeing daily clips,
and keeping press lists up-to-date.
This position will also work closely with the Executive Director of the
Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC) to manage the Caucus’s
press operations. Ideal applicants will have Hill press experience, strong writing
and oral communication skills, the ability to multitask and prioritize under
pressure, and a great sense of humor.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Consistent with applicable law,
this office requires all staff and interns to complete a full SARS-CoV2
vaccination course, regardless of recovery from prior coronavirus illness, as a
condition of employment.
The salary range begins at $80,000 and is commensurate with experience. The
office offers federal student loan repayment, paid vacation, and paid sick leave, in
addition to retirement and health care benefits.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, and a writing sample as one
combined PDF to ca27jobs@gmail.com and list “Communications Director” in
the subject line.
The deadline to apply is Friday, September 23rd. Interviews will be conducted on
a rolling basis as applications are submitted.
MEM-465-22

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in

Page 2 of 11

responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $47,093 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-464-22

Legislative Assistant
Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez, a Senior Member of the Committee on Ways
and Means, seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle the Congresswoman’s work
on the Trade Subcommittee, as well as a diverse portfolio including Defense,
Foreign Affairs, Small Business, and other legislative issues. The Legislative
Assistant will be responsible for developing legislative initiatives, meeting with
constituents and interested groups on behalf of the Congresswoman, staffing the
Congresswoman for committee hearings and markups, and assisting with
constituent correspondence.
Qualified candidates should have at least 3 years of Hill experience including
managing legislative issues and possess a strong understanding of the issues
listed. Applicants must demonstrate an ability to work well with a team in a
small, fast-paced environment, while maintaining a sense of humor. The
Congresswoman strongly values diversity and encourages candidates of all
backgrounds to apply.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to CAdemofficejob@gmail.com by 5pm on Friday, September 23rd for
consideration.

MEM-462-22

The Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC) seeks a Policy
Advisor to manage the Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing
effective legislative strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing
the Caucus as point of contact on all policy engagements, working with
Members’ staff to advance legislative proposals, developing materials to support
the goals and mission of the Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally
within the House of Representatives and externally to the public.
The Policy Advisor’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CAPAC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
Page 3 of 11

with stakeholder entities to push CAPAC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CAPAC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CAPAC policy liaisons
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CAPAC’s policy priorities
and familiarity working with the Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific
Islander community. Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound
political judgment, and the ability to work closely and collaboratively with
multiple Member offices and key stakeholders are essential.
Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability to multitask, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player. This is not an
entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of
House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to congressional.apa.caucus@gmail.com. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-461-22

LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR
Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (D-IL), a member of the House Permanent
Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Oversight Committee (Chairman
of the Subcommittee on Economic and Consumer Policy and Member of the
Coronavirus Subcommittee) seeks a hardworking Legislative Director to oversee
his policy team and legislative agenda.
This is not an entry-level position and previous policy and Capitol Hill
experience is required. The person in this role will also have a legislative
portfolio of domestic policy issues, including workforce development, tax,
finance, small business, and labor.
Required Experience and Qualifications
•Works quickly under pressure and manages time efficiently
•Is creative and has an entrepreneurial spirit
•Possesses strong written and verbal communications skills
•5+ years of congressional, policy, or political experience (Capitol Hill
experience strongly preferred)
•Policy experience in domestic policy issues a plus
•Knowledge of or ties to Illinois a plus
Responsibilities
•Develop a legislative strategy in close consultation with the Member and Chief
of Staff
Page 4 of 11

•Manages a legislative team of 4-5 staff
•Works closely with the communications team and helps influence the successful
messaging of legislative issues
•Coordinates the preparation of legislative and policy memos, hearings, and
Town Halls
•Handles a portfolio of legislative issues, which may be tailored to the
candidate’s expertise
•Occasionally assists with the creation and execution of events in the District and
in DC
•Regularly monitors activity on the House Floor and the Member’s committees
•Builds relationships with district and national stakeholders and advocacy
organizations
•Takes constituent and advocacy group meetings as necessary
TO APPLY: Email a cover letter and resume to il08careers@gmail.com with the
subline, “Legislative Director: [Your Full Name]”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to
apply.
MEM-457-22

A conservative Member of the Republican Conference on an “A” committee
seeks a Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant.
The Legislative Correspondent will work with the Legislative Director to draft
responses to constituent inquiries while assisting senior staff with various
projects. This position will also be responsible for managing content for social
media channels, tracking and analyzing daily press clips and weekly social media
traffic, and other communications-centric duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, creative, and have an interest in
legislative issues and communications as well as a strong work ethic. Excellent
writing skills are a must, and a writing test will be required as part of the
application process. This is an excellent opportunity for a current or former
Congressional intern, or a current or former Staff Assistant interested in getting
additional exposure to legislative and communications paths within a
Congressional office.
Capitol Hill experience and Tennessee ties are strongly preferred.
Interested applicants should submit their resume with the subject line “Legislative
Correspondent/Press Assistant—First Name, Last Name”
to tn06jobs@mail.house.gov

Page 5 of 11

MEM-456-22

A conservative Member of the Republican Conference on an “A” committee
seeks a Staff Assistant with strong writing skills.
The Staff Assistant will serve as the first point of contact for the office,
coordinate constituent arrangements including tours and flag requests, and assist
the Director of Operations and office staff with the daily responsibilities and
duties of a Congressional office.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, creative, possess a strong willingness
and desire to learn and grow, and have an interest in legislative issues and a
strong work ethic.
Capitol Hill experience and Tennessee ties are strongly preferred.
Interested applicants should submit their resume with the subject line “Staff
Assistant—First Name, Last Name” to tn06jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-455-22

Southern California Democratic Office seeks Staff Assistant to join front office
team.
Candidates should be well-organized, hard-working, and detail-oriented. High
degree of professionalism required, as well as an ability to work a flexible
schedule, including long hours. Duties include answering telephone calls,
greeting visitors, supervising interns, assisting legislative staff, and driving the
Member.
Capitol Hill experience and California ties preferred. Spanish language skills a
plus. MUST have a reliable and safe vehicle and driving record.
Email cover letter, resume, and references
to: ryan.viessman@mail.house.gov with subject heading "Staff Assistant
Position."
Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-452-22

The Office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks a Congressional Aide
ABOUT US: Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks a highly motivated fulltime Congressional Aide for the district office in Las Vegas Nevada.
THE OPPORTUNITY: This position acts as a liaison to federal, state, and local
municipal agencies on behalf of the Congresswoman and constituents. The
position can also entail casework correspondence and verbal communications.

Page 6 of 11

The ideal candidate is mission-driven, passionate, and excited about serving the
people of Nevada's 1st Congressional District. This person must deeply
understand the landscape of the district, its critical stakeholders and be able to act
as the Congresswoman’s representative. Portfolios and areas of focus may change
depending on the candidate.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman in the Las Vegas office,
which can include but is not limited to answering casework correspondence,
meeting with constituents and stakeholders, and serving as a liaison with federal,
state, and local municipal agencies.
•Informs the District Director and the Director of Constituent Services of all
happenings in the assigned regions by screening district media sources and
interacting with constituents and community organizations.
•Has a deep understanding of casework issues and can administer effective
intergovernmental solutions.
•Assesses casework for problems that require legislative action and makes
recommendations.
•Prepares periodic reports for the District Director and Director of Constituent
Services on pending cases and district activities.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
•Thorough knowledge of Southern Nevada.
•A valid driver’s license, reliable transportation and appropriate automobile
insurance.
•Service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills, proficiency at prioritizing
and managing multiple projects at one time
•A capacity to work both independently and as part of a team
•Thorough knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments.
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
•Prior experience in government, the non-profit sector, community or grassroots
organizing is preferred
•Spanish language fluency, orally and written, a plus.
COMPENSATION:
This is a salary position and comes with a competitive benefits package that
includes health insurance, dental, and can include federal student loan payments.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. Constituents
of the district or those deeply familiar will also be prioritized. No phone calls,
faxes, or walk-ins, please.
Page 7 of 11

To apply, please email a cover letter and resume
to NV01resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: [First Name Last
Name] - District Representative
MEM-450-22

Senior Democratic House Member seeking to hire Senior Legislative Assistant
for the Member’s Washington D.C. office.
The ideal candidate will handle a wide range of domestic policy matters.
Responsibilities include monitoring and drafting legislation, representing the
Member in meetings/briefings, collaborating with constituent organizations,
preparing materials for committee hearings and markups, and other tasks and
assignments as needed.
The Legislative Assistant will possess excellent writing and communication
skills, a solid understanding of the legislative process, and a proven ability to
work effectively in a fast-paced office. Press and communications experience is
also a plus, but not required.
Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to hillleg24@gmail.com

MEM-449-22

Democratic House Member seeks a Legislative Counsel for the Member’s
personal office to staff a portfolio of domestic policy issues and to provide the
Member and other staff with advice concerning legal issues impacting legislative
efforts and compliance with ethic rules.
The ideal applicant will have a law degree, bar membership and a strong policy
background. Previous Capitol Hill legislative experience strongly preferred. The
position requires clear, concise legal analysis as well as the political acumen to
work closely and collaboratively with constituent, labor and public interest
organizations.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter to hillleg2022@yahoo.com

MEM-447-22

Midwestern Republican office is seeking a Legislative Correspondent to handle
the constituent correspondence portfolio. This position is responsible for
communicating with and responding to constituents, working with staff to stay
updated on legislative activity, and being current on in-district and policy matters.
Duties include, but not limited to:
•Sorting and Batching constituent mail
•Corresponding with constituents who contact the office through phone calls,
letters, and email responses
•Writing constituent response letters/emails/etc
•Managing/Updating letter library
Page 8 of 11

•Keeping up to date on floor proceedings
•Consulting with legislative staff to ensure constituent responses are up to date
•Providing support to legislative staff as needed
Required Skills:
•Capitol Hill experience
•Strong written and verbal communications skills
•Ability to meet deadlines and work independently
•Can balance multiple projects simultaneously
•Ability to conduct policy research
•Basic knowledge of House floor proceedings and the legislative process
Interested candidates should submit resume and 2 writing samples
to house.gopjob2021@gmail.com with 'Legislative Correspondent Position' in the
subject line.
MEM-442-22

SUMMARY
Congressman Jimmy Gomez, a California member of the Ways and Means
Committee, seeks an organized, detail-oriented individual to serve in the position
of Caseworker in his fast-paced and highly collaborative Los Angeles office.
The selected candidate will work closely with the District Director and Director
of Casework Services. Good judgment, strong customer service skills, a passion
for public service and availability to work some evenings and weekends are
required.
Candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills, the
capacity to exercise discretion and independent judgment with minimal
supervision, great attention to detail, strong time management skills, an ability to
work under pressure to meet tight deadlines, and strong interpersonal skills.
Fluency in Spanish is preferred but not required.
SALARY AND BENEFITS
Salary is commensurate with experience. The minimum starting salary for this
position is $50,000.
The Office offers excellent benefits, including employer paid health, dental and
vision insurance for employees and their family, Student Loan Repayment
Benefits, and employer contributions to retirement savings plan. Paid time off
includes, per year: 15 vacation days (increasing to 21 days for individuals with
over 3 years of federal employment and 27 for individuals with over 15 years of
federal employment), 12 sick days, 5 bereavement days and 12 weeks of paid
family and medical leave. The office is closed for 14 holidays.
The Office is currently operating on a hybrid model, with all Los Angeles, CA
staff working in the office during the district work periods and working remotely
on the weeks the House is in session.
Page 9 of 11

COVID-19 POLICY
The Office believes that we must do all we can to protect the safety, health, and
well-being of employees, guests, our communities, and others with whom we
interact. All offers of employment are contingent on the candidate showing proof
of being fully vaccinated against COVID-19, absent an applicable legal
exemption. After an offer has been extended, individuals in need of an exemption
from this policy due to medical reasons, or because of a sincerely held religious
belief, may request an exemption from this policy. You will be asked for
additional information to facilitate the office’s consideration of your request.
EQUITABLE/INCLUSIONARY HIRING PRACTICES
The office is firmly committed to ensuring that all employees, interns, detailees,
and fellows work in an environment free from discrimination, harassment, or
intimidation on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, gender
stereotyping, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age (40 or over),
disability, military status, genetic information, or any basis prohibited by the
Congressional Accountability Act or House Rules.
APPLICATION
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples in a
PDF format to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name _
Caseworker” by Thursday, September 15, 2022.
MEM-440-22

The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director.
The LD will help drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing
and implementing the strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals;
supervise and mentor the legislative staff while advising on the
Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own legislative
portfolio, which will include work on the Black Maternal Health Caucus.
The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior
leadership team to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall
operations. The LD will also help ensure coordination between DC and district
offices on important legislative updates and district-based events and projects.
This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill experience and knowledge of
the legislative process are required.
The successful applicant will have crisp and thorough written and oral
communications skills, an entrepreneurial and self starting attitude, strong
attention to detail, creativity, and be a team player. Supervisory experience and
expertise on healthcare policy is strongly preferred.

Page 10 of 11

This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov. Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+,
working class, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with North Carolina ties. Due to the
volume of applications we receive, we will only contact you if we decide to move
forward with your application.
Please no calls, direct emails, or walk-ins.

Page 11 of 11

