House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 1, 2014
MEM-295-14

Legislative Correspondent- Republican Member seeks Legislative
Correspondent with strong Tennessee ties to manage all aspects of constituent
correspondence. In addition, this position works with the scheduler to
coordinate Member’s schedule in the Washington office. Other duties include:
sorting incoming letters and emails, tracking and assigning mail through
constituent management software, drafting and sending timely responses.
Successful candidates must demonstrate exceptional writing ability, attention
to detail, and organizational skills. Hill experience, familiarity with IQ ties are
a plus. Send resume and cover letter to TNHousejob@gmail.com

MEM-286-14

Staff Assistant: We are seeking a highly energetic, motivated, and organized
individual to join the team of a Senior Democratic member of Congress. The
candidate will have strong interpersonal skills, be comfortable with managing
multiple tasks and work well under pressure.
The staff assistant is responsible for preparing letters of greetings, condolence
and congratulations on behalf of the Member; answering the phones;
coordinating mail and casework distribution; making room reservations for
Page 1 of 2

meetings. Light casework assignments will include post office problems and
requests for expedited passports and as assigned by the District Director. The
staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting training,
scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication skills and a
working knowledge of the District of Columbia. Candidate must be a resident
of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to D.C., if hired.
The closing date for this until fillee. Salary is based on skill and experience
level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to:
DC00.NortonResume@mail.houe.gov or fax to (202) 225-1129
Absolutely no phone calls will be accepted!

Page 2 of 2

