House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 11, 2015
MEM-127-15

A conservative Kansas Republican is seeking a high energy, highly-organized,
and detail oriented Field Representative for his District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Serve as an official representative for the Member throughout communities
in the District.
• Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships for
the Member.
• Monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
issues of importance.
• Staff and provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and
events for the Member.
• Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director and Chief of
Staff.
• Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
Page 1 of 8

constituents.
• Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• A candidate with a background or understanding of rural issues is preferred.
• Available to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
• Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills.
• Ability to work with staff at all levels, work well under pressure and be detail
oriented.
• Possess a thorough knowledge of the federal legislative process.
• Ability to quickly learn about key issues and events in the district for which
the Member is involved.
• A qualified applicant must be a U.S. Citizen, possess or have the ability to
possess a valid Kansas driver’s license with the ability to travel as needed.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to
Steven.Howe@mail.house.gov.
MEM-125-15

Democratic member is seeking a staff assistant to manage the front office,
supervise interns, assist with legislative tasks, and greet visitors. Qualified
candidates will have excellent attention to detail, possess strong writing skills,
excel at balancing competing demands, be able to anticipate and quickly solve
problems in a fast-paced work environment, and be comfortable and
welcoming with a wide variety of stakeholders. The ideal candidate will have a
car and clean driving record, Capitol Hill experience, and a basic familiarity
with the legislative process. Depending on previous work history, the
opportunity for additional legislative responsibilities exists. Those with
Northern California ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested applicants
should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to
jo.th@mail.house.gov. Please no calls or drop-ins.

MEM-124-15

Florida Democrat (Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz) seeks a high energy,
highly organized, and detail oriented District Outreach Coordinator to work
in the District Office. Excellent written and oral communication skills and the
desire to work collaboratively with a team in a fast-paced environment are
required.
Ideal candidate would be politically astute and possess the ability to respond to
challenging situations quickly and strategically. This position requires nontraditional hours and travel around the District.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• attend local meetings on behalf of the Congresswoman in the district;
• organize district events and meetings with key constituency groups;
• monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
Page 2 of 8

issues;
• answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents; and
• handle all White House and Capitol tour requests.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• strong academic credentials;
• strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills and oral communication
skills;
• knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
• availability to work long hours;
• ability to work well under pressure; and
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
DUTIES:
• acts as the grass roots representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility;
• including answering casework correspondence, verbal communications with
constituents, and acting as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
• informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
• handles all constituent tour requests for the White House and Capitol tours;
• acts as liaison and interfaces with city, county, district, and federal officials,
the chamber of commerce and other persons or groups to form effective
relationships for the Member;
• assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Chief of Staff/Administrative
Assistant;
• screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
• trains and supervises Staff Assistants, including Interns, to handle Office
matters such as logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling
visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
• logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating
to casework; and
• prepares monthly reports for the District Director on pending cases and
district activities in his or her assigned issue areas
• performs other duties as assigned.
TO APPLY PLEASE SEND A COVER LETTER AND RESUME TO:
FL23resume@mail.house.gov

Page 3 of 8

MEM-123-15

Ranking Member seeks a Press Secretary or Communications Director to
manage committee, legislative and local press priorities. The applicant must be
a hard worker who possesses excellent written, verbal and interpersonal skills.
The ideal candidate has Hill and political experience. Qualified applicants
should send a cover letter and resume to employ@mail.house.gov.

MEM-121-15

Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated and organized
lawyer with strong interpersonal, legal and writing skills. The ideal candidate
will be able to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure and after a
year, may be considered a legislative counsel. The Legislative Assistant
works with the Chief Counsel/Legislative Director and with the Chief of Staff
to develop and implement the Member’s legislative strategy in his/her issue
areas; prepares materials for hearings; drafts legislation, amendments, and
congressional record statements; and conducts research. Responsibilities
include managing and handling issues that include but are not limited to
Federal-District of Columbia issues, Federal Workforce, U.S. Postal Service
and Labor policy. The ability to write well under tight deadlines is essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented, problem
solving lawyer and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior
Hill, law firm or similar experience is preferred but not always required.
Candidate must possess a law degree and be, or be willing to become, a
resident of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience
level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to (202 225-1129 (fax) or
DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov. NO PHONE CALLS, PLEASE!

MEM-120-15

Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include:
answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee
correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee
meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a
non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants
must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner;
good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to
work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment
in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily
tasks and projects.
Applicant Instructions:
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.
Page 4 of 8

MEM-119-15

Congresswoman Tammy Duckworth seeks an experienced Senior Legislative
Assistant. Responsibilities will include managing the Congresswoman’s
Oversight and Government Reform Committee portfolio, including her role as
Ranking Member of the Transportation Subcommittee; managing her work on
transportation, manufacturing, small business, tax/budget, appropriations,
labor, and trade issues; serving as the Member’s liaison to the Congressional
Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC) and the Friends of Thailand
Caucus; coordinating vote recommendations and reports from the legislative
team; and helping oversee the member's legislative agenda. The ideal
candidate will be proactive, resourceful, a strong team player, and will have
substantial Hill experience as a legislative staffer. Strong oral and written
communications skills, the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment, and
good judgment are essential. Veterans, minorities, women, and those with
Illinois ties are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send a cover
letter, resume, and writing sample to kalina.bakalov@mail.house.gov.

MEM-116-15

A Maryland Democrat is seeking a high energy, highly-organized, and detail
oriented Field Representative for his District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Serve as the official representative for the Member in the local community.
• Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships for
the Member.
• Monitor and update the Member and District Directors on district and local
issues of importance.
• Staff and provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and
events for the Member.
• Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Directors and Chief
of Staff.
• Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
• Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
• Train and supervise a staff of Interns to handle routine Office matters, such
as incoming correspondence, visitors, telephone calls, and other issues that
may arise.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
• Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
Page 5 of 8

• Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process.
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
• A working knowledge of the VA and military issues are preferred, but not
required.
• Maryland ties are a plus.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. To
apply, please email a resume and cover letter to MD06.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-111-15

Senior Democratic Congresswoman seeks an experienced, organized and
detail-oriented Scheduler/Office Manager for the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing office calendars and visitor access to
Member and staff in front office, organizing and tracking invitations, speaking
engagements, travel reservations and other requests for the Member,
coordinating with district staff, and maintaining administrative demands. The
Scheduler/Office Manager will work closely with other staff members,
particularly senior staffers, to ensure efficient and seamless office operations.
Ideal candidates are flexible, responsive, collaborative, work well under
pressure and on short deadlines, and are able to balance competing demands.
Candidates must be available to assist the Member outside of regular business
hours. Applicants should also have a positive attitude, excellent organizational
skills, strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills,
political instincts and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. This is
not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill operational and/or scheduling
experience is required. Ohio ties preferred. No phone calls, emails or drop-bys.
Please submit cover letter, resume, and at least two references to
Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-108-15

Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives seeks a prolific
writer. The writer will be responsible for writing in the Member’s unique
voice for a weekly newsletter, op-eds, speeches, floor statements, press
releases and more.
The successful candidate may have decades of writing experience or s/he may
be a gifted recent graduate who can adeptly turn a phrase. An ability to digest
complicated policies and turn them into short and concise articles or
statements is a necessity. The qualified applicant will have the ability to work
and thrive in a fast-paced environment with short deadlines. Basic
knowledge and understanding of web site technology for producing and
sending newsletter is a must.

Page 6 of 8

Please submit a resume and several types of writing samples to:
job.app@mail.house.gov by close of business May 1st.
MEM-104-15

Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include:
answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee
correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee
meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a
non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants
must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner;
good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to
work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment
in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily
tasks and projects.
Applicant Instructions:
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-098-15

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a
health care professional with expert knowledge of drug interactions,
pathology, and general issues regarding quality of care to serve as a
Committee Investigator. Clinical experience and/or healthcare-related
investigatory background preferred. Veterans with requisite experience
strongly encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send their cover
letter, resume, references and writing samples to
VAR.Resumes@Mail.house.gov with “Health Care Investigator” in the subject
line. No walk-ins please.

MEM-097-15

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a
federal contracting professional with expert knowledge of federal statutes and
regulations pertaining to acquisitions and procurement to serve as a
Committee Investigator. At least 5 years of federal government acquisitions
and procurement experience preferred, as is experience with facility
construction contracts. Veterans with requisite experience are strongly
encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send their cover letter,
resume, references and writing samples to VAR.Resumes@Mail.house.gov
with “Contract Investigator” in the subject line. No walk-ins please.

MEM-092-15

California Democrat (Rep. Jerry McNerney) seeks experienced
communications director to develop and execute aggressive, proactive longterm media and outreach strategy.
Page 7 of 8

Responsibilities include serving as chief spokesperson, successfully pitching
stories and press events to both national and local media outlets, responding to
media inquiries, effectively messaging policy and other priorities, maintaining
an active new media profile, and writing press releases, op-eds, speeches,
talking points, and franked mail.
Excellent written and oral communication skills, strong editing and
proofreading abilities, and the desire to work collaboratively with a team in a
fast-paced environment are required.
Candidate must be comfortable working closely with the Member and staff.
Ideal candidate would be politically astute and have a good sense of humor.
Desired qualities include the ability to respond to challenging situations
quickly and strategically.
This position requires non-traditional hours and travel to the District.
California ties, Hill experience, and Spanish literacy are a plus. Qualified
applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing samples to:
McNerneyResumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop ins, please.
MEM-091-15

The Democratic staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
is seeking a mid-level Health Counsel with 5 to 10 years of congressional
experience on health policy issues including ACA, Medicare, and Medicaid.
Attorneys with investigative or litigation experience are preferred. Candidates
with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov. Please
no phone calls.

Page 8 of 8

