________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 20, 2024

MEM-200-24

A conservative Midwest Member of Congress has an immediate need to hire an
experienced full-time Legislative Assistant with a background in agriculture in
the Washington, D.C. office.
Interested candidates are encouraged to email their resume, cover letter, and
references to ConservativeRep@mail.house.gov. Please use ‘Legislative
Assistant’ as the subject line, and in the body of the email, please indicate where
you found this job description.
Responsibilities:
This Legislative Assistant will serve as the Member's primary expert on
agriculture issues, as well as some other issue areas which will be assigned at the
time of employment. This position will work closely with the Legislative Director
and Chief of Staff to develop and execute a coordinated legislative strategy for
the Member. This position also prepares the Member for Committee hearings and
markups and attends meetings with constituents, visitors, and other groups.
Preferred Qualifications (not a comprehensive list)
•Agriculture background
•Capitol Hill experience
•Great writer
•Proficient at Microsoft suite

Page 1 of 18

•Detail oriented
•Multitasker
MEM-199-24

A conservative Midwest Member of Congress has an immediate need to hire an
experienced media relations professional to serve as the office’s Communications
Director. This full-time position is based in the Washington, D.C., office.
Interested candidates are encouraged to email their resume, two to three writing
samples, and references to ConservativeRep@mail.house.gov. Please use
‘Communications Director’ as the subject line, and in the body of the email,
please indicate where you found this job description.
Responsibilities:
The Communications Director serves as the Member’s primary communications
and media strategist. They work closely with the Chief of Staff, Legislative
Director, and District Director to develop and execute a coordinated plan to
inform the media on issues that are important to the Member and oversee day-today press operations.
Preferred Qualifications (not a comprehensive list)
•Excellent writer
•Organized multitasker
•Capitol Hill experience
•Digital experience (Adobe suite/Canva)
•Digital townhall experience
•Experience booking national TV/Radio interviews

MEM-198-24

District Scheduler – The district office of Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks
a hard-working, highly organized individual to serve as district scheduler for the
Member of Congress.
This position primarily entails planning and managing the Congressman’s daily
and long-term schedule in the district, organizing the Member’s daily briefing
materials, tracking and responding to meeting requests and invitations, and
coordinating with district, DC, and Committee staff.
Other responsibilities include community outreach, writing constituent letters of
recognition, drafting congressional records and citations, representing the
Congressman at community and governmental events, special projects, as well as
various administrative duties.
Candidates should possess excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written
communication skills, great attention to detail, and the ability to prioritize and
multi-task, and must exercise discretion and enjoy working with the public. Prior
experience with office scheduling in government, the non-profit sector or

Page 2 of 18

community and grassroots organizing is preferred. This position is based in Long
Branch, NJ. Applicants must have a valid driver’s license.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and references by
email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov
MEM-197-24

Outreach Representative - Quad Cities
The Rock Island office of Congressman Eric Sorensen has an immediate need to
hire a full-time Outreach Representative. Interested candidates are encouraged to
submit a cover letter, resume, and 2-3 professional references by Monday, June 3.
Job Expectations:
The Outreach Representative will lead outreach efforts in their community in
conjunction with the Office’s strategic vision, will attend events as a
representative for the Member, will build and maintain relationships with
constituents, key community leaders, and stakeholders, and will coordinate
closely with the District Director and DC staff to ensure district priorities are
reflective in legislative priorities. A core responsibility includes serving as the
Member’s community representative for issues and programs within their
portfolio, including monitoring and updating the Member and District Director on
local issues, emerging trends, and critical developments.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate excellent oral and written communication
skills and have experience in time management, engaging in difficult or sensitive
conversations with tact, and prioritizing assignments. This role requires a
candidate who is able to exercise discretion and can work well alone and with a
team.
Salary Level/Range: $50,000 - $60,000, commensurate with experience. Job
Duties:
●Collaborate with the District Director and Outreach team to ensure outreach
efforts align with strategic vision and legislative priorities.
●Serve as a liaison between constituents and Federal agencies.
●Maintain positive relationships with constituents, community leaders, and
stakeholders.
●Track news and social media for locally relevant updates.
●Serve as a liaison to officials and stakeholders, foster and cultivate effective
relationships, and represent the Congressman at events as directed.
●Prioritize tasks to meet deadlines efficiently.
●Manage correspondence and casework files accurately.
●Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the office
●Maintain a professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting

Page 3 of 18

with constituents, colleagues, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic
work environment.
Additional Requirements:
●Must have a valid driver’s license and reliable transportation
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and references in a
combined PDF to Derek.Jones@mail.house.gov with the subject “Outreach
Representative: LAST NAME” by Monday, June 3, 2024. Please include in the
body of the email if you currently live in the greater Quad Cities region and if
not, if you’re willing to relocate. Incomplete or late applications will not be
considered.
Representative Eric Sorensen is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates with
backgrounds, perspectives, and lived experiences that can improve our
understanding of the communities in the Illinois 17th Congressional District and
how we serve them – especially those from marginalized communities – are
encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation,
gender identity, disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-196-24

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic Staff) seeks
an Oversight Counsel to manage oversight and investigations.
Responsibilities include serving as a resource on matters of law and policy;
assisting with official Committee meetings; conducting and monitoring existing
investigations, including doing intake and review of documents; taking
depositions; conducting interviews; and preparing reports on committee
investigations.
Applicants must have a J.D. and at least 1-3 years of experience conducting
investigations. Experience in policy areas in the committee’s jurisdiction is not a
requirement, but is preferred. The salary range is $85K - $110K, commensurate
with education and experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Oversight Counsel" in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-194-24

Outreach Assistant – North Counties (Whatcom, Skagit, and San Juan Counties)
U.S. Rep. Rick Larsen
Bellingham Office

Page 4 of 18

Summary:
The Outreach Assistant – North Counties (Whatcom, Skagit, and San Juan
Counties) position serves as one of Rep. Larsen’s community liaisons to the
counties in the northern portion of Washington’s Second Congressional District.
This position was created following the 2020 Census redistricting process, which
expanded the district to include all of Whatcom and Skagit counties.
As part of our district outreach team, the primary role of this position is to
coordinate issues involving the federal government with officials from federal,
state and local governments, as well as constituents, businesses, organized labor
and other organizations. The Outreach Assistant – North Counties staffer is
expected to develop relationships with our district stakeholders to learn the
details of projects and policy concerns and to respond to their interests in federal
policy development.
In addition to covering the northern geographic areas of the district, this position
also emphasizes policy issues relating to flood mitigation and response,
agriculture, environmental protection, and the U.S.-Canada border, among others.
Furthermore, this position will track federal grant opportunities and help share
this information with district stakeholders.
The Outreach Assistant – North Counties position is based in Rep. Larsen’s
Bellingham, WA office and reports directly to the District Director under the
supervision of the Community Liaison for Whatcom, Skagit and San Juan
counties. Together, the district staff works in harmony with the staff in
Washington, D.C., and all staff members report to the Chief of Staff.
Essential job functions include:
•Serve as an official representative for Rep. Larsen at meetings, forums and
public events
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents, businesses, labor, non-profit
organizations, federal agencies, local government, and other stakeholders in WA02’s north counties
•Travel regularly throughout the district to monitor local issues, projects and
activities
•Work with Washington D.C.-based staff on federal policy development and
interpretation for local stakeholders
•Plan Rep. Larsen’s district schedule and coordinate related events
•Communicate with constituents, including answering phone calls, emails, and
mail
•Track federal grant and funding opportunities for district communities and
stakeholders
Required skills and knowledge:
•Strong understanding of Whatcom and Skagit counties and experience with
outreach activities working with government, cultural communities, the business
Page 5 of 18

community, organized labor and local stakeholder groups
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent thinking while working as part of
a team on sensitive projects and issues
•Strong writing ability
•Flexibility to work nights and weekends
•Valid driver’s license and vehicle
•Comfort discussing issues with groups both small and large, including public
speaking
This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working, cohesive, and
dynamic team with a common mission of making a difference in the lives of
others. The ideal candidate is a bilingual English and Spanish speaker, selfmotivated, great at multi-tasking, has great interpersonal skills with a teamworkoriented attitude, and a strong desire to help people.
This is a full-time position with federal benefits such as health care, the Federal
Employees Retirement System, Student Loan Repayment Program,
vacation/annual leave, paid sick and parental leave, and others.
The annual salary for this position depends on relevant experience and ranges
from $45,000 - $55,000.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender
identity, or disability. We are committed to building and maintaining an
organization that reflects the needs and diverse community we serve.
Application Process:
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to ryan.casey@mail.house.gov or:
Office of U.S. Rep. Rick Larsen
C/O Ryan Casey
District Director
2930 Wetmore Avenue, Ste. 9F
Everett, WA 9820
MEM-193-24

Rep. Ryan Seeks Military Legislative Assistant
U.S. Representative Pat Ryan (NY-18), a Member of the House Armed Services
Committee, seeks a Military Legislative Assistant in his Washington, DC office.
The ideal candidate would have direct legislative experience handling issues
related to defense and national security. Responsibilities include spearheading all
House Armed Services Committee work, staffing the Member, monitoring
committee and floor activities, advancing legislative initiatives, representing the
office at events and in meetings, and assisting with management of a Department
of Defense fellow.
Page 6 of 18

Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communication skills, be highly
organized, and have the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. This is not
an entry level position. Hudson Valley ties and experience with the national
security authorization process are a plus. The salary range is $65,000 to $80,000
commensurate with experience. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and three references
in a single pdf to NY18Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject “Full Name –
MLA Application.”
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.
MEM-190-24

The Office of Congressman Dwight Evans (D-PA-03) seeks a Digital and
Communications Assistant.
This is an opportunity to work for a member who serves on the influential Ways
and Means Committee and represents part of the largest swing state.
Congressman Evans is a member of the Congressional Black Caucus who is
passionate about housing, health care and fighting gun violence. He represents
nearly half of Philadelphia, which will host America’s 250th birthday celebration
in 2026 as well as several World Cup games.
This position reports directly to the Congressman’s Communications Director.
Candidates must have strong writing and digital media skills, pay close attention
to proofreading and fact-checking, be highly organized, have a problem-solving
approach to work, and be capable of thriving in a fast-paced and rapidly changing
environment. The ability to meet deadlines is a must. Proficiency with social
media tools, graphic design and standard Microsoft Office and Adobe software
tools is required. Working knowledge of House processes and procedures is
required, and Philadelphia knowledge is preferred.
Responsibilities include, and are not limited to: drafting daily social media
content for all of the Congressman’s official platforms, subject to editing;
creating graphics; shooting and editing videos; sending daily news clips; drafting
op-eds on a variety of issues and e-newsletters; working with district staff to
produce regular virtual and tele-town hall meetings; serving as point person for
the Congressman’s annual State of the District report; and consistently
monitoring, and updating the Congressman’s website; and other duties as
assigned. Occasional travel to the district may be required.

Page 7 of 18

Qualified candidates should send a cover letter, resume and at least three
examples of your work, including at least one writing sample, at least one graphic
you have created, and one video you have created and edited
to PA03.Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. The salary range is $65,000- $70,000
commensurate with experience.
The deadline to apply is May 22, 2024.
MEM-188-24

Representative Dina Titus seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant to manage
both her DC and district schedule.
This individual works closely with the Chief of Staff and District Director on a
broad range of scheduling and executive operations including tracking,
evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests,
coordinating travel, and managing all aspects of the Congresswoman’s daily and
long-term schedule. The ideal candidate will exercise discretion and
confidentiality, remain calm under pressure, and be able to collaborate and
communicate well with a large DC and State staff.
Previous administrative or scheduling experience preferred. Candidates should
also have the desire to join a highly-collaborative, action-oriented team. The
office seeks a staff that reflects the diversity of the country. Women, veterans,
people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
To Apply: Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter
to NV01jobs@gmail.com with "Application: Scheduler” in the subject line.”

MEM-187-24

“Congresswoman Dina Titus (D-NV-1) is seeking an experienced
Communications Director to lead media efforts in a fast-paced Washington,
D.C. office.
We are looking for a self-starting professional with a strong background in
political communications, media relations, and social media management. The
ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of both national and local media
and be capable of developing and implementing strategic communication and
digital plans. This is not an entry-level position, and a successful candidate must
have 2-5 years of communications experience in a relevant setting.
Key Responsibilities:
•Strategic Communications: Develop and execute strategic communication plans
in collaboration with senior staff and the legislative team, ensuring alignment
with the Congresswoman's priorities and legislative initiatives.
•Media Relations: Cultivate and maintain strong relationships with local and
Page 8 of 18

national print, radio, and broadcast media professionals.
•Media Outreach: Successfully pitch the Congresswoman to both local and
national TV, radio, and print media, positioning her effectively on key issues.
•Event Planning: Plan and manage press conferences, tele-townhalls, roundtables,
and other events in both Washington, D.C., and the district.
•Media Engagement: Prepare, brief, and accompany the Congresswoman for
media interviews, press conferences, roundtables, and other public engagements.
•Content Creation: Draft talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds, and
other materials in the Congresswoman's voice.
•Social Media Management: Manage the Congresswoman's social media
presence, including drafting engaging content, clipping interviews, and creating
graphics for various platforms.
•Website Maintenance: Ensure that the office website features timely and relevant
content.
•Current Affairs: Stay informed about current news and legislative issues that
may impact the Congresswoman's work.
Qualifications:
•Exceptional Communication Skills: Strong writing, editing, and proofreading
skills.
•Media Proficiency: Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media.
•Experience: 2-5 years of experience in developing communication strategy for
elected officials, government agencies, non-profit organizations, or similar
entities.
•Team Player: Expertise in advising others on communication strategy and the
ability to work effectively with a team and Member of Congress.
•Deadline-Oriented: Capable of producing communications materials under tight
deadlines.
•Strategic Thinker: Politically savvy and skilled at navigating challenging
situations with the press and staff.
•Adaptability: Ability to work flexible hours, including long hours, nights, and
weekends, as needed.
•Constructive Feedback: Willingness to accept performance-based criticism and
direction.
•Relationship Building: Ability to maintain positive working relationships with
the Congresswoman, staff, and media professionals.
Equal Opportunity Employer: Our office is committed to promoting diversity and
inclusivity. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender
identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military
status.
To Apply: Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two
writing samples to NV01jobs@gmail.com with "Application: Rep. Titus
Communications Director" in the subject line.”
Page 9 of 18

MEM-186-24

Counsel for the Minority on the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Courts, IP,
and the Internet
The Democratic Staff on the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on
Courts, IP, and the Internet, seeks a dedicated and hard-working lawyer with a
minimum of 5 years of relevant legal experience on the Hill to serve as a
subcommittee counsel, reporting to the chief counsel for the subcommittee.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Committee on matters of law and policy within the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction;
drafting legislation; preparing hearings; drafting statements, memos, and briefing
materials; and providing guidance to Democratic House offices on matters of
constitutional and civil rights law. The counsel will be responsible for handling
assignments in a range of issue areas, including artificial intelligence policy,
patent law, and administration of the courts matters.
The successful candidate must demonstrate exceptional writing and legal research
skills, a strong work ethic, a professional temperament, and the ability to work on
novel and complex matters under time and other pressures. Such a candidate must
also be able to work collaboratively with a broad range of personalities. In
addition, sound political judgment, prior legislative or policy experience, a
substantive background in civil rights or constitutional law, and a demonstrated
commitment to public service are strongly preferred. A sense of humor is a plus.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population. The Committee strongly encourages women and members
of historically disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The Committee does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to Job.JDEM@mail.house.gov. Please include “Courts, IP, and the Internet
Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-184-24

Staff Assistant / Legislative Correspondent – Rep. Susie Lee (D-NV)
Congresswoman Susie Lee (D-NV), a Battleground Member of the
Appropriations and Natural Resources Committees, seeks a Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent (SA/LC) to join her Washington, D.C.
office.
The SA/LC will be responsible for the office’s front office operations, constituent
correspondence program, internship program, various legislative department
processes, driving the Congresswoman as needed, and other tasks as assigned.

Page 10 of 18

The SA/LC will report to the Legislative Director.
•Front office management responsibilities include maintaining a clean and
welcoming lobby and Member office, ensuring prompt service for visitors and
callers, maintaining office supplies, executing tour and flag requests, and other
administrative tasks as assigned.
•Constituent correspondence responsibilities include batching phone and mail
correspondence, writing letter responses, and managing a high-volume mail
program. Familiarity with Intranet Quorum software is a plus.
•Internship program responsibilities include intern hiring, training, and day-today management.
•Legislative process responsibilities include processing legislative requests,
drafting memos and briefing materials, maintaining legislative records, and other
work supporting the legislative team.
•Driving responsibilities include transporting the member to/from the airport and
various events as needed.
Applicants must have a valid driver’s license and strong driving skills. Access to
a registered vehicle is a plus. The position requires the individual to be available
for flexible work hours, including some mornings and evenings.
Qualified candidates should be capable of managing time effectively and
maintaining attention to detail in a fast-paced work environment. Strong
interpersonal and communication skills, a can-do attitude, and team-first
mentality are required. The office is committed to professional development and
seeks candidates who are coachable and eager to learn. Nevada ties are a plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Qualified candidates should submit in PDF format a cover letter, resume, three
references (including name, title, org, phone, email, and relationship) and one
writing sample to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full
Name – SA/LC.”
MEM-183-24

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel is responsible for reviewing and
certifying a large volume of Financial Disclosure Reports, providing legal advice
on financial disclosure related matters, providing education and training to
Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person
meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
Page 11 of 18

possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate sensitive matters that arise before the
Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable:
government ethics, ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment
management, taxation, corporate finance, and securities law. The salary range for
this position is $136,780 and $145,604 per annum.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-182-24

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking a Legislative
Assistant to handle a broad portfolio centered around health, seniors, Social
Security, reproductive justice, women’s rights, and environmental issues. The
ideal candidate will possess strong strategic thinking, planning and execution
skills. Additionally, candidates should have strong oral and written
communication skills and the ability to work well in a fast-paced work
environment.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Advancing current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
building support, legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials,
such as speeches, policy memos, and factsheets;
●Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for relevant committee hearing and
markups, including drafting hearing remarks and questions, preparing
amendments and talking points;
●Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
●Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and
Committee offices; and
●Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
●3 - 5 years of relevant experience including policy development and analysis;
issue advocacy; and strategic planning;
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●Excellent writing and time management skills;
●Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
appropriate for the office;
●Previous Hill experience strongly preferred;
●Poised, level-headed, flexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
Page 12 of 18

encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.

MEM-180-24

Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
references in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Assistant: [Applicant’s First and Last Name]” in the subject line. No calls or
drop-ins please.
Congressman Steven Horsford’s District Office is seeking to hire a full-time
District Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team.
Job Summary:
Under the supervision of the District Director, the District Representative acts as
the representative for the Member. District Representative responsibilities include
strengthening relationships with key stakeholders, as well as attending
engagements on behalf of the Member. Caseworker responsibilities include
helping constituents resolve problems with federal agencies through written and
verbal communication.
Responsibilities:
Outreach Responsibilities:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals.
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities.
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders.
•Organize and participate in community events, town halls, and outreach
campaigns to engage constituents.
Casework Responsibilities:
•Act as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility,
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies.
•Handle casework assignments and assess casework for problems requiring
legislative action, making recommendations to the District Director and Chief of
Staff.
•Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents.
Communications and Professionalism:
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents.
•Accept performance-based criticism and directions.
•Work well under pressure and handle stress.
•Work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
•Perform other duties as assigned.

Page 13 of 18

Requirements:
•Political knowledge and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer
service manners; public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional
nights, weekends and some holidays.
Benefits:
•Comprehensive health insurance coverage, including medical, dental, and vision
plans.
•Paid annual and sick leave.
•Thrift Savings Plan Retirement program.
•Student Loan Repayment.
•Health and Wellness programs.
•Transit Benefits.
•House Professional Development programs.
•Employee purchasing/government discounts
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with District 4 community is preferred.
Application Instructions:
This is a full-time position based in the North Las Vegas district office. Salary is
competitive and commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, individuals
with disabilities, and veteran
are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples
(no longer than two pages) and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with "District Representative,” [Last Name,
First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-178-24

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic Staff) seeks
a Labor Policy Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering labor law.
Candidates should have familiarity with the National Labor Relations Act, the
Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act, labor enforcement provisions
in trade agreements, and employment arbitration.
Candidates should also have knowledge of the National Labor Relations Board
(NLRB), the Department of Labor’s Office of Labor-Management Standards
(OLMS) and the International Labor Affairs Bureau (ILAB). Applicants should
have a law degree and experience working with an organization, Congress, or
government agency related to labor law.

Page 14 of 18

Duties will include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical
assistance to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues,
preparing written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution
of committee proceedings and events related to labor law. This is not an entry
level position; three to five years of experience are strongly preferred.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Labor Policy Counsel” in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-177-24

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic Staff) seeks
a Civil Rights Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering civil rights issues
in employment.
Candidates should have familiarity with employment federal civil rights laws,
such as Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963 and Title 42, Chapter 21 of the U.S.
Code. Knowledge of the EEOC, OFCCP and federal statutes and policies and
how they impact civil rights in employment and health care is preferred.
Applicants should have a law degree and experience working with an
organization, Congress, or government agency addressing civil rights.
Duties will include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical
assistance to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues,
preparing written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution
of committee proceedings and events related to civil rights. This is not an entry
level position; three to five years of experience are strongly preferred.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Civil Rights Counsel" in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-155-24

DIGITAL DIRECTOR OR PRESS SECRETARY
Rep. Tokuda (HI-02) seeks an energetic person to join her communications team
in her Washington, D.C. office. This individual will work closely with the
Communications Director who works in Honolulu. Candidates must have
experience in digital media and video editing and will be responsible for

Page 15 of 18

managing multiple digital media accounts. This position will also assist with
press releases and inquiries, speeches, and mass communications.
Essential Skills Include:
•Strong writing and editing skills with attention to detail
•Creative graphic production
•Ability to multi-task and work quickly under pressure
•Patience, flexibility, and a sense of humor
Candidate must also be able to work occasionally on weekends and evenings.
Interested parties should email a cover letter, resume, writing sample, sample
social media posts, and two references to Hawaii02jobs@gmail.com
MEM-135-24

PRESS SECRETARY- The Office of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03)
seeks an experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates
must be able to manage media relations, press opportunities, and messaging for a
senior member of Congress. This role reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active
relationships with top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience
will receive preferred consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations,
messaging, and risk management.
•Advance press events and staff the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current
relationships with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the office’s larger
communications strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who
does not discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex
(including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation,
marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee
organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit
factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as candidates from
underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.

Page 16 of 18

Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
Page 17 of 18

•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Page 18 of 18

