________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 14, 2021

MEM-192-21

The Office of Congressman Greg Pence is seeking an experienced Legislative
Assistant to handle a broad portfolio of off-committee issues including
agriculture, transportation and infrastructure, tax, financial services, education,
judiciary, and veteran's affairs.
The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of agriculture and tax issues,
solid grasp of House procedure, excellent writing and organizational skills, and
be a team player. Job responsibilities include developing and advancing
legislation and amendments, monitoring floor activity, and collaborating with the
district office and external stakeholders. This is not an entry level position.
Indiana ties strongly preferred.
Email to send resume (and other items if requested) to: Qualified applicants
should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to gopresumesubmission@gmail.com

MEM-191-21

Midwest conservative House Republican seeks an experienced Senior
Legislative Assistant to lead key policy initiatives.
SUMMARY:
The Senior Legislative Assistant develops and plans legislative initiatives and
monitors legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor.
This position requires the individual have thorough knowledge of parliamentary
Page 1 of 13

process and House rules. A qualified candidate will have 3-5 years of legislative
experience and a record of effectiveness within legislative department.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas which include:
1.devising a legislative plan;
2.drafting the plan into legislative form;
3.planning, coordinating and scheduling introduction of legislation in the House
(or offering it on an appropriate vehicle if it is in an amendment);
4.gathering support for a bill or amendment from other Members, as well as
appropriate interest groups;
5.working with committees on legislation;
6.coordinating legislative support to get the bill passed in the House.
*Tracks legislation and other developments in his or her assigned issue areas and
briefs the Member for floor work, committee work, work in the district, and
outside House-related activities;
*Monitors legislative developments within committees;
*Plans and coordinates co-sponsorship and support of other legislation;
*Monitors legislation on the House floor, providing the Member with information
on each vote;
*Writes Floor speeches for the Member;
*If assigned to issues pending before a specific committee, prepares for and
attends committee meetings and hearings with or without the Member (i.e., keeps
in contact with committee staff and meets with interest groups and constituents
with interests in such meetings);
*Acts as a liaison with committee and agency staffs;
*Performs special projects assigned by the Member or Chief of Staff
*Meets with constituents and interest groups;
*Provides information on and generates ideas for press, mass mailings, and
newsletters;
*Drafts press releases in issue areas and provides background on media inquiries;
*Answers constituent letters and helps constituents on federal matters;
*Supervises interns with regard to legislative issues and constituent responses;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
*A bachelor’s degree or higher education level is preferred, including strong
academic credentials.
*at least 3-5 years of legislative experience;
*strong leadership and organizational skills;
*excellent oral and written communication skills;
Page 2 of 13

*thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
*ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*thoroughness and careful attention to detail; and
*availability to work long hours and at night.
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications
Interested candidates should email a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to: indianagopjobs@gmail.com
MEM-190-21

The Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC) seeks an
experienced and highly talented Executive Director to oversee a bicameral
congressional caucus composed of 75 Members of Congress.
The Executive Director will advise CAPAC Chairwoman Judy Chu (CA-27) and
serve as a liaison to all CAPAC member offices, help deliver a unified message,
and advance the Caucus’ legislative agenda for the Asian American and Pacific
Islander (AAPI) community.
The Executive Director’s responsibilities will include:
•Coordinating policy, communications, and outreach priorities between
CAPAC’s leadership and all Caucus members to ensure a unified effort;
•Supervising a Communications Director, Policy Associate, and any interns,
fellows, or other staff that might be retained by the Caucus;
•Developing and managing legislative priorities, memos, press releases, talking
points, and any other materials for Caucus members, the press, and the public;
•Working closely with Democratic Leadership, the Congressional Black Caucus,
and the Congressional Hispanic Caucus to advance Tri-Caucus priorities;
•Pursuing an engagement strategy with the Biden-Harris Administration to ensure
CAPAC is effectively advocating for priority agenda items with the Executive
branch;
•Developing and maintaining relationships with AAPI stakeholders and other
external partners on behalf of the Caucus;
•Organizing and facilitating CAPAC’s weekly Member-level meetings, as well as
briefings, hearings/forums, town halls, and any other events to advance the
Caucus’ reach;
•Overseeing the maintenance of a Caucus website, social media presence, and
other mechanisms to elevate the Caucus’ engagement with AAPI constituents
around the nation.
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CAPAC’s policy priorities
and familiarity working with the AAPI community. Outstanding written and
verbal communication skills, a strong policy background and understanding of
the legislative process, sound political judgment, and the ability to work closely
Page 3 of 13

and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and stakeholder groups is
essential.
Additionally, candidates must be detail-oriented and possess the ability to multitask, work well under pressure in a fast-paced setting, and possess excellent
management skills. This is not an entry-level position.
Please submit a resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to capacjobs@gmail.com.
MEM-185-21

The District Office Staff Assistant shall be responsible for managing the district
office administrative functions. They shall manage incoming constituent
communications, organize, and maintain correspondence and outreach material
and handle all Congressional greeting requests. The Staff Assistant shall report
directly to the District Director.
Specific duties include but are not limited to:
•Answers and logs incoming phone calls, conducts casework intake, and greets
office visitors
•Manages and tracks all incoming and outgoing mail to include timely
submission of monthly reports
•Manages district written outreach efforts by drafting and preparing certificates
and letters
•Identifies event and correspondence opportunities
•Maintains organized filing system of newsletters, brochures, and reports
•Manages office supply requisitions and inventory lists
•Staffs the Congressman and serves as staff representative for the Congressman at
meetings and events.
•Supervises the District Office intern program to include recruitment, training,
and management
•Assists with planning, organizing, and executing district outreach efforts.
•Plans, organizes, and leads execution of the Congressional Art Competition.
Position Qualifications:
•Bachelor’s degree (B.A.) in Political Science, Public Relations,
Communications, or relevant studies preferred but not required.
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Highly organized with strict attention to detail
•Congressional Office or similar experience preferred but not required
•Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook, or similar experience preferred
Representative Casten’s Office is an affirmative action/equal opportunity
employer dedicated to building a community of excellence, equity, and diversity.
It welcomes applications from women, underrepresented minorities, individuals
with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual minority groups and other candidates
who will lead and contribute to the diversification and enrichment of ideas and
perspectives.
Page 4 of 13

To apply please submit a cover letter, resume and three writing samples
to Constituent.ServicesIL06@mail.house.gov.
Subject Line: District Staff Assistant
MEM-184-21

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – Congressman Mark Pocan (WI-02),
member of both the House Appropriations and Education & Labor Committees,
is seeking an experienced and self-motivated Communications Director to
manage office's press and communications operations.
Candidates must possess strong writing skills, a good sense of humor, creativity,
the ability to operate in a fast-paced office under strict deadlines, and be able to
work collaboratively with both DC and district staff.
Ideal candidates should have previous Capitol Hill experience, extensive national
media contacts, a background working with both print and electronic media, and
experience working with radio / TV bookers.
Candidates should also have experience managing multiple social media accounts
and familiarity with digital media, graphic design and the skills necessary to
convey a political message to an audience through multiple forms of media.
Responsibilities include coordinating day-to-day press operations and outreach,
developing strategic communications strategies, serving as spokesperson,
handling interview requests, proactively pitching national / local media, and
drafting press releases, social content, talking points, op-eds and speeches. The
Communications Director also manages a digital director / press secretary. Hill
experience strongly preferred. This is NOT an entry level position.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Communications Director” in
the Subject Line. Job opening closes COB on Friday, June 25th.
No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.

MEM-183-21

The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the
Internet seeks a hard-working lawyer with significant legal experience to serve as
counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Subcommittee on matters of law and policy; drafting legislation; coordinating
hearings and witnesses; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and
Page 5 of 13

providing guidance to offices both on and off the Subcommittee on intellectual
property and court-related issues.
A strong background in intellectual property, court-related matters, or both is
required. Exceptional writing skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to
work closely and collaboratively with other congressional offices and advocacy
organizations are also strongly preferred.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Courts/IP Counsel” in the subject
line.
MEM-178-21

U.S. House Office of Diversity and Inclusion
The Communications Manager will be responsible for helping the Office
interface with internal and external audiences. This individual will develop and
drive communications and outreach efforts targeting House employing offices,
ensuring that they are aware of the ways in which the Office can support diversity
objectives. This individual will also help to communicate the diversity “business
case,” and support writing and creative needs for the Office.
Successful candidate must be results-driven and proactive in the application of
innovative and creative approaches to drive engagement with House employing
offices.
Key Responsibilities:
•Responsible for the development/production of content across multiple platforms
including videos, infographics, and other creative executions for House
employing offices, events, trainings, and research products.
•Manage social media platforms. Activity includes drafting and scheduling
content, monitoring for mentions, identifying opportunities for engagement,
updating follower lists, and keeping up with social media trends.
•Repurpose existing content and find opportunities for new content.
•Support the House diversity and inclusion program with writing and
implementation as needed.
•Perform other duties and projects as assigned.
Qualifications:
•Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Digital Communications,
Publishing, or Content Production.
Page 6 of 13

•Have a strong knowledge of social media and content trends, and emerging
technologies and platforms. Have a working knowledge of digital and social
media metrics.
•The ideal candidate will have a background in video production and editing and
have a strong focus on storytelling.
•Experience with social media community management required.
•Excellent writing skills required.
•Design knowledge strongly preferred.
•Extensive experience handling multiple projects from ideation to final delivery.
•Knowledge and experience with Adobe Creative Cloud apps including Premiere
Pro, Photoshop, Illustrator, Media Encoder, and After Effects.
Qualified applicants please submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
online by following the instructions in this
link: https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/263?c=house&S
ource=House
MEM-177-21

Policy Aide - Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources
The Democratic staff of the House Natural Resources Committee seeks an
organized, enthusiastic, and detail-oriented Policy Aide on the Energy and
Mineral Resources Subcommittee. The position requires organizational, time
management, verbal, and written communications skills, as well as the ability to
work in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates should be passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction and possess basic knowledge of the Committee process.
The position also requires a firm commitment to the Committee’s Diversity,
Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) goals and the ability to take on higher-level tasks as
needed.
The Policy Aide will be responsible for managing the logistics of subcommittee
hearings, providing administrative services to Members and staff, and assisting
the Subcommittee team with legislative, oversight, outreach, and press projects.
Primary Responsibilities:
•Serving as the face of the Subcommittee by greeting visitors, taking calls, and
coordinating with Member offices.
•Managing all administrative aspects of hearings.
•Contacting witnesses and managing their hearing materials.
•Drafting, editing, and/or organizing hearing memorandum, statements, and
questions.
•Drafting, editing, and/or organizing Subcommittee information for Committee
bill reports.
•Drafting, editing, and/or organizing Committee letters and document requests.
•Taking meetings on behalf of Subcommittee staff.

Page 7 of 13

•Coordinating schedules with the Subcommittee Chair and the Chief Clerk.
•Assist the Chief Clerk during Full Committee Markups, as needed.
The position is based in Washington, D.C., although is currently remote. The
Policy Aide will be expected to work in office when we resume normal
operations. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, address your application materials to Staff Director of Energy and
Mineral Resources, Becky Cairns at NRDems.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “HNRC EMR PA Application” by COB Friday June 25th, 2021.
Include a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample.
If you have not heard back by July 23rd, we have moved forward with another
candidate.
MEM-172-21

Rural Oregon Congressman seeks a driven and organized individual to serve as a
Field Representative/Caseworker in the Representative’s district office in
Oregon. Ideal candidates will have a bachelor’s degree, excellent written and
verbal communication skills, impeccable time management skills, and an ability
to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
Duties Include:
•Acts as the grass roots representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, verbal
communications with constituents, and acting as liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies. The individual will also engage with city, county, district, the
chamber of commerce, and other groups to form effective relationships with the
Member;
•Assesses casework for issues requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and/or Chief of Staff;
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information significant
to the office;
•Prepares reports for the Congressman and Chief of Staff on district activities in
his or her assigned issue areas; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Working Conditions:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment, but the Field
Representative/Caseworker will often need to attend and participate in meetings
and public functions out of the office, which at times will include evenings and
weekend events; and
•Ability to work with coworkers in an office setting.

Page 8 of 13

Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume
to ResumesOR@mail.house.gov.
MEM-171-21

Congressman Dan Kildee seeks a full-time press secretary in Washington, D.C.
The press secretary will help manage communications in a fast-paced
congressional office for a member of House Democratic leadership.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging and include responding to daily media
inquiries, building relationships with national, state and local reporters, pitching
and booking frequent national cable interviews, writing press releases, statements
and media advisories, creating and managing social media content, including
graphics and videos, drafting speeches, talking points and op-eds, and creating
franked communications, including mailers and telephone townhalls. The press
secretary will also be responsible for managing a full-time press assistant and
press interns.
Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills, a selfstarting personality, a desire to continually learn in political communications, and
an eagerness to work in a collaborative office environment. This is not an entrylevel position. Michigan ties and Adobe Creative Suite skills preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-168-21

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated individual to assume the role of Press Secretary|Digital Director.
The person chosen for the position will work closely with the Communications
Director to develop and execute the Congresswoman’s long-term
communications plan. They will be charged with overseeing the communications
schedule; managing the Member’s digital media accounts, and working with local
and national reporters.
The Press Secretary|Digital Director will be responsible for a wide range of
critical functions, including developing original social media content, designing
graphics, editing and posting videos, maintaining the office’s website, and
managing media lists. Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director
with drafting news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds and other materials.
Qualified applicants must have strong writing, editing, proofreading skills and be
proficient in photography, video recording and editing. They must be detailoriented, news savvy and able to work in a fast-paced, demanding work setting -a sense of humor and ability to be a team player is a must.
Experience with Adobe Creative Cloud Products are a plus.

Page 9 of 13

This is not an entry-level position. Previous experience in press or relevant social
media experience is required.
Southern California|Los Angeles ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Successful applicants will need to demonstrate their writing ability by completing
a writing and editing test.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter including salary requirements, and
two writing samples with “Press Secretary” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-166-21

Congressman Brendan F. Boyle, a Pennsylvania member of the Ways and Means
Committee, seeks an experienced Senior Legislative Assistant to join his
Washington, DC office.
The Senior Legislative Assistant will support the Congressman with his work on
the Ways and Means Committee and other issues. This position will prepare the
Congressman for committee hearings and markups, floor debate and other
speeches and closely track legislative activity included in the portfolio.
The LA will also be responsible for taking meetings with constituents and
stakeholders and developing and advancing legislation and amendments relevant
to the Congressman. A successful candidate will be extremely organized, an
excellent writer, a proactive self-starter, a strategic thinker and able to work
collaboratively as a part of a close-knit team.
The ideal candidate will have ties to Philadelphia or Pennsylvania and previous
experience with a policy portfolio.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and a writing sample
to PA02.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Senior Legislative Assistant” in the subject
line.

MEM-165-21

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include
assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining the
Page 10 of 13

Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and
processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in
setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with
accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $38,000 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public. Additionally, successful
candidates will have a positive, solution-driven personality, demonstrate excellent
oral and written communication skills, and show keen attention to detail and an
ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the

Page 11 of 13

basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
MEM-162-21

STAFF ASSISTANT: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks a staff
assistant in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include managing the front office, answering phones, processing
and logging constituent mail, greeting visitors, monitoring office deliveries,
scheduling assistance, responding to inquiries, assisting with constituent
casework, and other duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills. Additionally,
successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven personality,
demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and show keen
attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a resume, writing sample, and cover letter (3 pages or less)
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Staff Assistant” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

MEM-160-21

North Coast Democratic Member of Congress seeks a motivated, organized, and
affable person to serve as a field representative/caseworker in the
Representative’s district office. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district,
and local agencies for the Congressman and constituents and answers casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents.
Candidates must be comfortable working with the public, have excellent oral and
written communication skills, problem solving abilities, and have completed a
bachelor’s degree or equivalent. Work experience is preferred and strong
academic credentials are required.
E-mail a resume and cover letter to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “CA02 Field Representative/Caseworker.”
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies;
Page 12 of 13

•Informs the Congressman and the District Director of all happenings in his or
her assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
•Handles casework assignments;
•Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Congressman;
•Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Scheduler;
•Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Congressman with constituents;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress;
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
•Full-time experience preferred; strong academic credentials required; extensive
community relationships desired.
•Bilingual: English/ Spanish is preferred but not required
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is
involved;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, procedures, and computer applications.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment, but the Field Representative
will often need to attend and participate in meetings and public functions out of
the office including evenings and weekend events. Noise levels are usually
moderate; and
•Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
•Work is currently remote due to COVID-19

Page 13 of 13

