________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 17, 2024

MEM-241-24

Congressman Brad Schneider (IL-10) has an immediate need to hire a
collaborative team member into the Staff Assistant / Press Assistant (SA / PA)
role for the Washington, DC office in a full-time capacity.
The Staff Assistant will work closely with the Communications Director and the
Scheduling Director. Responsibilities include: managing the front office and
welcoming constituents and other visitors; driving the Member to and from
events in DC; processing incoming mail, phone calls, and constituent requests,
including tours and flags; managing the intern program; greeting visitors;
providing administrative support for the office, including support for events;
collecting and distributing daily news clips; writing for and posting on various
social media sites, including Facebook, Instagram, and X; managing the social
media calendar; collecting pictures of the Member taken during official events
and meetings; and other associated duties assisting the communications staff and
Member as assigned.
A successful candidate will be able to perform the essential job functions outlined
above and must have exceptional writing and proofreading ability; outstanding
organizational and time management capacity; strong attention to detail; and the
ability to both work independently and within a cohesive team. Additionally,
candidates should have professional telephone and office manners; excellent
customer service skills for engaging constituents and stakeholders; the ability to

Page 1 of 29

manage multiple tasks at once; and a desire to be part of a highly-collaborative,
high-achieving team.
Candidates should be able to maintain a good working relationship with the
Member, staff and constituents; accept performance-based constructive criticism
and direction; meet attendance requirements established by the office which
requires in-office work; and work a flexible schedule when necessary.
A passion for and experience with digital media as well as ties to Illinois are a
plus.
To apply:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and writing sample
to IL10.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant/Press
Assistant - [applicant’s last name]” before Friday, June 28. Applications will be
considered on a rolling basis. No calls or drop-ins please.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex marital or parental status, national origin, age,
disability, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require
reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes
are encouraged to request accommodation at any time during those processes.
MEM-240-24

Staff Assistant/Scheduler
SUMMARY:
The Staff Assistant/Scheduler will be entrusted with maintaining the
Congressman's official schedule, travel plans, and related records. They will also
oversee the congressional intern program and be responsible for various
administrative functions in the Washington, D.C. office.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Work with the Chief of Staff to prepare and coordinate the Member’s schedule.
•Serve as a liaison with external stakeholders on meeting requests.
•Process official travel vouchers and office expenses for reimbursement.
•Maintain and organize important administrative files.
•Coordinate travel and planning activities for the Member and office staff.
•Ensure the Congressman is provided with briefing materials and memos for each
event.
•Coordinate scheduling of press interviews with the Communications Director.
•Manage the D.C. office tour program for constituents.
•Oversee the internship program for the office including the following:
•Compile applications for consideration by the Chief of Staff;
•Train and orient new interns;
Page 2 of 29

•Assign daily duties to interns;
•Be responsive to scheduling matters outside of office hours and on the weekend.
•Staffs the front reception area, greets visitors and answers telephones.
•Other duties as assigned.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Exceptional attention to detail.
•Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.
•Ability to be diplomatic in liaising with outside groups.
•Thorough knowledge of office administration, policies, practices, and
procedures.
•Strong sense of urgency and responsiveness.
Resumes may be emailed to housegopemployment@gmail.com
MEM-239-24

Communications Director – Congressman Glenn “GT” Thompson (PA-15)
The Office of Congressman Glenn "GT" Thompson, Chairman of the House
Committee on Agriculture, is seeking an experienced media relations professional
to serve as Communications Director in the Member’s Washington, D.C. office.
The ideal candidate will oversee all media activities for the Member’s personal
office. This includes developing and implementing strategic communications and
digital plans. Candidates must be highly motivated, have strong speaking,
writing, editing, and digital skills.
This is not an entry-level position. Viable candidates must have at minimum three
years of communications experience in a relevant setting. Salary will be
commensurate with experience. Pennsylvania ties, prior Capitol Hill experience,
and a sense of humor are preferred, but not required.
If you are a strategic thinker who can work in a fast-paced, team-oriented
environment, and produce communications materials under tight deadlines,
please submit a cover letter, resume and two writing samples, via email
to Renee.Gamela@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the
subject line. No walk-ins or calls please.

MEM-238-24

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full-time Staff Assistant in
her Washington, DC office.
The staff assistant will work closely with the chief of staff and the scheduler, and
responsibilities include managing the front office and welcoming constituents and
other visitors; driving the Member; processing incoming mail, phone calls, and
constituent requests including tours and flags; managing the intern program;
greeting visitors; providing administrative support for the office including
support for events; and other duties assisting the staff and Member as assigned.

Page 3 of 29

Applicants should be detail-oriented, proactive, calm under pressure, able to
exercise discretion, eager to work in a fast-paced office, and willing to work
flexible hours when the Member is in DC. Strong communication, logistical,
interpersonal, and organizational skills are essential. Applicants must have a valid
driver’s license, a clean driving record, and be comfortable driving in DC. Access
to personal car preferred, although not required. This role provides a unique entry
level opportunity to work closely with a senior Member of Congress.
TO APPLY: please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (1-2 pages), and
two reference contacts in a single pdf file
to Daniel.Robillard@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant: [Your
name (First/Last)]” No calls or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and encourages all qualified candidates to apply.
Connecticut ties are a plus.
MEM-236-24

Congresswoman Sylvia Garcia seeks a Communications Director/Press
Secretary for her DC office. The position requires some travel to the district to
support media relations and press events and supervises a talented
communications team. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply as soon as
possible.
Job Expectations:
The Communications Director/Press Secretary is expected to work closely with
the Chief of Staff, Legislative Director and District Director to develop and
execute a comprehensive and aggressive strategic plan to inform constituents and
the media on issues that are important to the Congresswoman. This includes
making media pitches, organizing press events, and reviewing, drafting, and
finalizing statements, remarks/speeches, press releases, media advisories, and
other messaging (e.g., social media). Finally, the Communications Director/Press
Secretary will work closely with and manage other members of the
communications team, including the DC-based speechwriter and the districtbased communications assistant.
Ideal candidates will be bilingual in Spanish, demonstrate a successful track
record of communications experience, and have supervisory experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Garcia is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. We strongly value the diversity
of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and 1-2 short writing
samples to TX29Jobs@Gmail.com with “Communications” in the subject line.
The title and salary are commensurate with experience.

Page 4 of 29

MEM-235-24

Congressman Joaquin Castro seeks an organized, hardworking Staff Assistant
for his San Antonio District Office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Front Office
Welcome guests and manage incoming telephone calls.
Assist with processing constituent mail.
Respond to constituent requests for information.
Perform administrative and clerical duties related to managing the front office.
Draft constituent correspondence.
Additional Responsibilities:
Work with DC office staff to facilitate requests.
Manage annual congressional constituent programs.
Assist with casework for state inquiries, housing, and local referrals, and assist
with federal casework as needed.
Perform other duties as assigned.
The salary for this position is $50,000 per year. Our office provides a competitive
benefits package that includes health insurance, dental, a federal student loan
repayment program, and a Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) retirement plan.
The deadline to apply is June 28, 2024. To apply, please
email roseann.maldonado@mail.house.gov with “SA – Name” in the subject line
and the following application materials attached as one combined PDF.
Cover Letter
Resume
1-2 writing samples.
Two references, including name, title, organization, phone number, Email, and a
one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference.
The Office of Congressman Joaquin Castro is an equal opportunity employer. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.

MEM-233-24

SCHEDULER – Congressman Jake Auchincloss (MA-04) is seeking a highly
motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic individual with excellent oral and
written communications skills for a Scheduler position in the Washington, DC
office.
Daily tasks include managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
DC schedule; coordinating travel, booking flight reservations, and managing
logistics for events; evaluating and organizing all incoming meeting and event
requests; communicating key information regarding the Member and the
Page 5 of 29

Member’s schedule to staff; and working closely with both DC and District staff
to ensure smooth daily office operations. Candidates must be available to assist
the Member outside of regular business hours.
This position requires proven experience in administrative roles, knowledge of
the Congressional work setting, and comfort working one-on-one with the
Member, Chief of Staff, District Director, and District Scheduler. Excellent
writing, verbal and strong organizational skills are essential along with the ability
to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Previous Capitol
Hill or scheduling experience is required; this is not an entry level position.
Access to a car and a clean driving record is preferred. The salary range for this
position is $65,000-$75,000.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing
sample to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with “First Name Last Name—
Scheduler” in the Subject Line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity and expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation, or
any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
MEM-230-24

CONSTITUENT SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE
Overview: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks Constituent Services
Representative for his office in Santa Rosa, California. The Constituent Services
Representative responsibilities include answering casework correspondence and
verbal communications with constituents; acting as liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies for the Member and constituents; office administrative
responsibilities and other duties important to serving the people of the
congressional district.
Job Duties:
•Serves as a liaison with federal government entities for individual constituent
concerns
•Assesses casework trends and identifies issues requiring legislative action and/or
additional Congressional oversight
•Prepares incoming and outgoing constituent casework to manage casework in
assigned areas of expertise
•Maintains accurate and complete files on all assigned casework to keep track of
all casework progress
•Screens and monitors cases to determine if referring the case to other
government entities is appropriate
•Answers casework correspondence, meets with constituents, and serves as a
liaison with federal, state, and local authorities to act as the representative for the
Member within their areas of responsibility
Page 6 of 29

•Writes responses to constituent letters relating to casework to answer questions
or inform them of case progress
•Support Office in executing public meetings and annual Congressional activities
such as the Congressional Art Competition, Congressional App Competition, and
other similar events.
•Orders all office supplies to maintain office functionality and similar
administrative duties
•Acts as the Intern Coordinator supporting the onboarding, training, and
supervision of interns
•Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an efficient and effective manner
Featured Skills: Candidates must be a self-starter, hard-working, highly
dependable, and organized as well as possess strong oral and written
communication skills and the ability to work quickly under pressure. Good
judgment, strong customer service and interpersonal skills, attention to detail,
ability to work in a team environment, a passion for public service, and
availability to work some evenings and weekends are required. Driver’s license
and access to vehicle is required. Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of
education and experience preferred. Prior experience working for federal, state, or
local government, especially related to casework is preferred. Familiarity with
Member's district, especially the Sonoma Valley, is preferred. Ability to
communicate in multiple languages, especially Spanish, is highly desirable.
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience.
Applicant Instructions: Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume,
two writing samples and three references to ca04districtstaff@gmail.com with the
Subject Line: Constituent Services Representative Vacancy. All applicants will
be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.
MEM-229-24

FIELD REPRESENTATIVE
Overview: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks Field Representative
for office in Santa Rosa, California, to cover Rohnert Park, Cotati and Penngrove.
The Field Representative serves as the Member's community representative for
issues and programs within their assigned areas, including monitoring and
updating the Member and their colleagues on important local issues, emerging
trends, and critical developments.
They also represent the Member at community events and meetings, schedule the
Member while in the district, prepare and attend meetings and events with the
Member, answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents, act as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents, and other duties important to serving the people of the
congressional district.
Job Duties:
Page 7 of 29

•Coordinates with the Member and colleagues to ensure outreach efforts align
with the Member’s strategic vision, goals, and priorities
•Collaborates with district and D.C. colleague to ensure district priorities are
aligned and inform the Member’s legislative strategy
•Serves as a liaison with federal government entities for individual constituent
concerns, including the handling of constituent casework
•Collaborates with colleagues to schedule the Member while in their assigned
areas in the district
•Assesses casework trends and identifies issues requiring legislative action and/or
additional Congressional oversight
•Informs the Member and colleagues on any important developments and current
events impacting the district
•Builds and maintains positive relationships with constituents, key community
leaders, and other stakeholders
•Tracks news stories and social media posts for the Member and colleagues,
including the communications team
•Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal officials and stakeholders to form
effective relationships for the Member
•Attends events to serve as a representative for the Member, as determined by
their supervisor
•Handles various community issues in accordance with office policies and
procedures.
•Support Office in executing public meetings and annual Congressional activities
such as the Congressional Art Competition, Congressional App Competition, and
other similar events.
•Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an efficient and effective manner
•Understands differing perspectives and opinions to navigate conflicts and
develop solutions effectively
Featured Skills: Candidates must be a self-starter, hard-working, highly
dependable, adaptable, and organized as well as possess strong oral and written
communication skills and the ability to work quickly under pressure. Good
judgment, strong customer service and interpersonal skills, ability to develop and
collaborate with coalitions, works well in a team environment, a passion for
public service, and availability to work evenings and weekends are required.
Driver’s license and access to vehicle is required. Bachelor's degree or equivalent
combination of education and experience preferred. Prior experience developing
a community relations strategy for a Member of Congress, elected official, or
Federal agency is preferred. Familiarity with Member's district, especially
Rohnert Park, Cotati, and Penngrove, is preferred. Ability to communicate in
multiple languages, especially Spanish, is highly desirable.
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience.
Applicant Instructions: Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume,
two writing samples and three references to ca04districtstaff@gmail.com with the
Subject Line: Field Representative Vacancy. All applicants will be considered
Page 8 of 29

without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status),
sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-227-24

“Congresswoman Dina Titus (D-NV-1) is seeking an experienced
Communications Director to lead media efforts in a fast-paced Washington,
D.C. office. We are looking for a self-starting professional with a strong
background in political communications, media relations, and social media
management.
The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of both national and local
media and be capable of developing and implementing strategic communication
and digital plans. This is not an entry-level position, and a successful candidate
must have 2-5 years of communications experience in a relevant setting.
Key Responsibilities:
1.Strategic Communications: Develop and execute strategic communication plans
in collaboration with senior staff and the legislative team, ensuring alignment
with the Congresswoman's priorities and legislative initiatives.
2.Media Relations: Cultivate and maintain strong relationships with local and
national print, radio, and broadcast media professionals.
3.Media Outreach: Successfully pitch the Congresswoman to both local and
national TV, radio, and print media, positioning her effectively on key issues.
4.Event Planning: Plan and manage press conferences, tele-townhalls,
roundtables, and other events in both Washington, D.C., and the district.
5.Media Engagement: Prepare, brief, and accompany the Congresswoman for
media interviews, press conferences, roundtables, and other public engagements.
6.Content Creation: Draft talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds, and
other materials in the Congresswoman's voice.
7.Social Media Management: Manage the Congresswoman's social media
presence, including drafting engaging content, clipping interviews, and creating
graphics for various platforms.
8.Website Maintenance: Ensure that the office website features timely and
relevant content.
9.Current Affairs: Stay informed about current news and legislative issues that
may impact the Congresswoman's work.
Qualifications:
1.Exceptional Communication Skills: Strong writing, editing, and proofreading
skills.
2.Media Proficiency: Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media.
3.Experience: 2-5 years of experience in developing communication strategy for
elected officials, government agencies, non-profit organizations, or similar
entities.
4.Team Player: Expertise in advising others on communication strategy and the
ability to work effectively with a team and Member of Congress.
5.Deadline-Oriented: Capable of producing communications materials under tight
Page 9 of 29

deadlines.
6.Strategic Thinker: Politically savvy and skilled at navigating challenging
situations with the press and staff.
7.Adaptability: Ability to work flexible hours, including long hours, nights, and
weekends, as needed.
8.Constructive Feedback: Willingness to accept performance-based criticism and
direction.
9.Relationship Building: Ability to maintain positive working relationships with
the Congresswoman, staff, and media professionals.
Equal Opportunity Employer: Our office is committed to promoting diversity and
inclusivity. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender
identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military
status.
To Apply: Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two
writing samples to NV01jobs@gmail.com with "Application: Rep. Titus
Communications Director" in the subject line.”
MEM-226-24

Representative Dina Titus seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant to manage
both her DC and district schedule.
This individual works closely with the Chief of Staff and District Director on a
broad range of scheduling and executive operations including tracking,
evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests,
coordinating travel, and managing all aspects of the Congresswoman’s daily and
long-term schedule. The ideal candidate will exercise discretion and
confidentiality, remain calm under pressure, and be able to collaborate and
communicate well with a large DC and State staff.
Previous administrative or scheduling experience preferred. Candidates should
also have the desire to join a highly-collaborative, action-oriented team. The
office seeks a staff that reflects the diversity of the country. Women, veterans,
people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
To Apply: Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter
to NV01jobs@gmail.com with "Application: Scheduler” in the subject line.”

MEM-224-24

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks a Digital and
Communications Assistant based in her district office in Seattle, Washington.
This position spends time on both the official and campaign operations of the
office. This is an opportunity to work for a leading progressive member who
serves on the Education and Workforce and the Judiciary Committees, as well as
serves a vibrant city with an engaged constituency in the Pacific Northwest.
Congresswoman Jayapal is the Chair of the Progressive Congressional Caucus
Page 10 of 29

and thus also engages a national audience in her communications and digital
program.
This position reports directly to the Congressman’s Communications Director
and is based in Seattle, Washington.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Leading on District-based social media and assisting with communications
strategy;
●Tracking key issues in the District and recommending ways to lift them as part
of the Congresswoman’s social media and communications platforms;
●Drafting District specific daily social media content for all of the
Congresswoman’s official platforms; this includes creating graphics, shooting
and editing videos;
●Attending District events,taking pictures and staffing press;
●Drafting remarks, press releases, media advisories, op-eds, e-newsletters, and
other written communication;
●Updating the Congresswoman’s website;
●Willingness to work evenings, weekends and irregular hours when necessary;
●Occasional travel to DC and around the country may be required;
The ideal knowledge, skills and abilities include:
●Strong writing and digital media skills;
●Excellent editing, proofreading and fact-checking skills;
●Proficiency with social media tools, graphic design and standard Microsoft
Office, Canva, and Adobe software including Photoshop and Premiere Pro is
required;
●Highly organized;
●Has a problem-solving approach to work, and
●And thrives in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Salary is a minimum of $65,000 - $68,000 and will depend on experience. The
benefits include student loan repayment plans and strong health care, dental,
vision and retirement plans.Qualified candidates should include in their
application: resume, cover letter, and references. Please send applications
to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Press and Digital Assistant” in the subject
line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-223-24

Legislative Assistant – Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated
and organized lawyer with strong interpersonal, legal and writing skills.
The ideal candidate will be able to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure. The Legislative Assistant works with the Chief Counsel/Legislative
Director and with the Chief of Staff to develop and implement the Member’s
legislative strategy in his/her issue areas; prepares materials for hearings; drafts
Page 11 of 29

legislation, amendments; assists with press releases; and conducts research. The
ability to write well under tight deadlines is essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented, problem
solving lawyer and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior
Hill, law firm or similar experience is preferred but not always required.
Candidate must possess a law degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident
of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
MEM-222-24

Press Assistant / Digital Assistant / Digital Manager / Digital Director
Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a creative, driven, and graphically
minded communications professional who is enthusiastic to help grow the
Congressman’s social-media presence and online outreach working out of the
Washington, D.C., office.
The ideal candidate is a self-starter with an aesthetic eye and technical skill with
video recording and editing, photography, iconography, branding, and developing
a new-media strategy. We are seeking a strong writer, particularly one adept at
crafting punchy, eye-catching soundbites and witticisms that tend to draw online
attention, as well as the traditional, long-form exposition that together constitute a
robust communications operation. Successful candidates can use Canva and
Adobe Creative Suite programs to create high-quality, professional-looking
products.
Responsibilities include developing all digital content, including copy, graphics,
and videos; managing and creating content for social media platforms; overseeing
the franked communications program, including spots online, over the phone,
over text, on the radio, and in print; designing and drafting a recurrent enewsletter; building out and updating the Web site; and assisting the
Communications Director with media requests and press obligations, as needed.
Title- from Digital Assistant to Digital Director- and pay will be commensurate
with work experience. Candidates at all levels of experience are encouraged to
apply so long as they possess the skills, talent, and knowledge needed to execute
the job well.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and lasting from the ground up, particularly for a Member of Congress –
a former Hill staffer himself – who is a great communicator and cares deeply
about the well-being and professional development of his staff.
Please submit a cover letter; a resume, including two-to-three references; and a
digital sample (either a graphic or video clip you generated and edited – or
Page 12 of 29

preferably both – previously or in response to this job opening)
to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name – Digital Staffer.”
We will accept applications until the position is filled.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-221-24

Congressman Ro Khanna (CA-17) is seeking a Communications Assistant to
join the Washington, DC office.
This is a non-supervisory position. The starting salary is $71,000. The application
process may include several interviews and a practical test of relevant skills. The
ideal candidate will have strong writing, editing, and digital skills including video
editing and graphic design.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with press releases, statements, talking points, floor speeches, and op-eds
•Create daily social media content including videos, graphics, and tweets
•Clip TV appearances, committee hearings, and other video content for social
media
•Work with the Communications Director to maintain press lists
•Work with the district office to publicize constituent services and events
•Manage live-streaming and photography at press conferences and DC-based
events
•Ability to work evenings and some weekends as needed
•Assist with updating the website
Skills required:
•Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills
•Experience writing social media copy and rapid response tweets
•Proficiency with video editing and graphic design
•Strong interest in digital media and trends
Education (or equivalent experience):
•A bachelor’s degree with strong academic credentials, or equivalent experience
in communications is required.
Among other benefits, the position offers health insurance, retirement benefits
with an employer match, paid sick leave and annual leave, mental health days and
flex time, transit or parking benefits, and access to the Student Loan Repayment
Program. The Communications Assistant is a represented position, part of the
Congressional Workers Union and reports to the Communications Director and
the Chief of Staff.
The Office of U.S. Congressman Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer;
we do not discriminate based on race, color, religion or lack thereof, national
Page 13 of 29

origin, sex, gender, sexuality, age, marital or family status, disability, medical
history, arrest history, military service, organizing activity, or any ground that is
specifically prohibited by law or regulation applicable to the Office. Women,
veterans, people of color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume, writing sample, and two digital
work samples to Marie Baldassarre (Marie.Baldassarre@mail.house.gov) and
Sarah Drory (Sarah.Drory@mail.house.gov)
MEM-220-24

House GOP Appropriator seeks an experienced military legislative assistant
with 1-3 years of Capitol Hill experience—NDAA experience preferred. Member
serves on the Military Construction Subcommittee and has many military equities
in-district. Portfolio would include national security, foreign affairs, defense and
veterans issues.
Resumes can be sent to housegopemployment@gmail.com

MEM-216-24

Press Secretary – Congressman Henry Cuellar (TX-28)
The Office of Congressman Henry Cuellar seeks a Press Secretary for his
Washington, D.C. office. Applicants must have exceptional writing skills,
attention to detail, and an ability to manage competing demands and deadlines.
Responsibilities include:
• Drafting press releases, statements, and talking points;
• Booking interviews with national and local press outlets;
• Creating and posting social media posts;
• Developing and implementing a communications plan; and
• Managing the Member’s website.
The Press Secretary is expected to advance press events and staff the Member as
needed. The Press Secretary will work in close collaboration with legislative and
district staff as appropriate.
Candidates with Texas ties are preferred and Spanish proficiency is highly
desired but not required.
Salary and title commensurate with experience. This office is an equal
opportunity employer. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are encouraged to
apply.
To Apply: Interested candidates should email a resume, cover letter, writing
sample, and 2-3 references to Patrick.OConnor2@mail.house.gov with "Press
Secretary Application: Last Name” in the subject line.”

Page 14 of 29

MEM-215-24

A conservative Indiana Member of Congress has an immediate need to hire a
Staff Assistant role for the Washington, D.C. office.
Interested candidates are encouraged to email a resume, cover letter, and
references to ConservativeRep@mail.house.gov. Please use ‘Staff Assistant’ in
the subject line, and, in the body of the email, please indicate where you found
this job description.
Expectations:
The Staff Assistant will be expected to manage the front desk during office hours,
handle Capitol and White House tour requests, fulfill flag requests, support the
district office with administrative office needs, and assist the D.C. office staff
with work as assigned. Staff Assistants often provide the first impression of the
office to constituents, guests, and other groups. The experiences gained in the
Staff Assistant role provide a solid foundation to advance into positions of
increasing responsibility.
Preferred Qualifications (not a comprehensive list)
•Indiana ties preferred
•Great interpersonal skills
•Highly organized
•Multitasker
•Good writer
•Proficient at Microsoft suite

MEM-214-24

Staff Assistant – District Office- Medina, OH
Office of Congressman Max Miller
SUMMARY:
The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, and answers
constituent requests for general information, tours, and other inquiries. This
position also monitors delivery and pickup of materials, maintains the front
office, and assists with various administrative and legislative duties and project
execution.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Answers and screens telephone calls for the Congressman and other staff
members;
*Greets and screens visitors;
*Assists persons who have appointments with the Congressman or other staff
members and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the
Congressman's and staff’s appointments are on time;
*Responds to constituent requests for flags, tours and other information;
*Maintains literature regarding the district and House offices for distribution to
visitors;
*Signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to the office to
Page 15 of 29

appropriate staff in a timely manner;
*Orders all office supplies and maintains office equipment;
*Assists with receptionist duties as needed;
*Maintains the office answering machine or voicemail;
*Ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member
in a timely manner;
*Documents visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
*Performs general typing and administrative assignments;
*Sends, receives, and distributes materials via the facsimile machine;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff and
constituents;
*Assists with event planning and logistics at the director of the District Director
and/or appropriate staff;
*Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
*Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
preferred;
*Previous office experience is preferred;
*Previous experience working for a Member of Congress, elected official, or
government agency preferred;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Ability to use and troubleshoot photocopier, facsimile machine, telephone, and
other office equipment;
*Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
*Ability to perform essential job functions above;
*Professional telephone manner;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant and professional manner;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications; and
*Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment;
*Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume no
later than June 21, 2024 to Raymond.Paoletta@mail.house.gov
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
Page 16 of 29

(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-213-24

Field Representative – District Office- Medina, OH
Office of Congressman Max Miller
SUMMARY:
The Field Representative monitors and updates the Member and District Director
on district and local issues, and serves as a liaison to the federal, state, and local
governments, as well as different agencies on behalf of the Member. The Field
Representative works with the District Director and appropriate staff members to
ensure effective communication with local governments, agencies, and
constituents in their assigned region and the district as a whole.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
•Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
•Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Member;
•Acts as a liaison to and notifies the appropriate media when the Member will be
in the liaison’s area and works with the Member’s Scheduler and Press Secretary
to ensure appropriate media participation;
•Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Directo and Director of Constituent Services;
•Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
•Assists with the handling of office matters such as logging incoming and
outgoing correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and computer
operations;
•Logs in incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
•Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
•Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVILANT EXPERIENCE):
•Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
preferred
Page 17 of 29

•Familiarity with the district and/or state is preferred
•Experience developing a community relations strategy for a Member of
Congress, elected official or government agency is preferred
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
•Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
•Accepts performance based criticism and directions;
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress;
•Works a flexible schedule including some nights and weekends; and
•Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
•Professional telephone matter;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
•Knowledge of office computer applications; and
•Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Field duties require work during regular office hours and some nights and
weekends. Additionally, employee must be able to travel locally in and around
the district and hold a valid driver’s license.
•Employee must be able to work in a moderately noisy and crowded work
environment without an expectation of privacy.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume no
later than June 21, 2024 to Raymond.Paoletta@mail.house.gov
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.

Page 18 of 29

MEM-210-24

Job Opportunity in the Office of Rep. Mike Flood (NE-1) Position: Legislative
Assistant
The primary responsibilities of the Legislative Assistant are to develop and plan
legislative initiatives, advise the Member on legislative issues within his/her area
of professional expertise, and take meetings with interested parties who have an
interest in those issues.
The Legislative Assistant will also monitor all legislative and policy
developments within their assigned issue area and report to the Legislative
Director on those developments. The Legislative Assistant’s portfolio covers a
broad array of issues, primarily covering healthcare, homeland security,
immigration, judiciary and veterans’ issues.
The Legislative Assistant reports to the Legislative Director. Typical
responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
•Working with the Member and staff to formulate positions on assigned
legislative and oversight issues, including technical analysis of pending
legislation.
•Analyzing legislative developments on specific issues, recommending strategies
and tactics on bills and amendments, and maintaining up-to-date status reports on
all legislation relating to specific issues.
•Advising and assisting the Member during House floor debate, including
preparing floor statements, talking points, and rebuttals to opposing arguments.
•Drafting and marking up bills and amendments relating to specific issues.
•Obtaining and distributing documents and legislative materials requested by
members of
the public and interest groups.
•Acting as a liaison with Committees, House and Senate staff, government
agencies, and
outside groups.
•Performing special projects assigned by Legislative Director.
•In conjunction with the Legislative Director, approve responses to constituent
correspondence in regards to the Member’s policy positions or legislative
activity.
The requirements for this position are:
•Position is based in the Washington, DC official office. Regular, predictable
attendance at the office required for performance of duties.
•Ability to communicate effectively with the Member and staff, members of the
public, representatives from other offices, and outside organizations.
•Ability to represent the Member in person, including speaking on behalf of the
Member and participating in legislative strategy and policy discussions.
•Work is public-facing and requires frequent interaction with the Member and
staff, Member of Congress and their staffs, Committees, government agencies,
and outside groups.
Page 19 of 29

• Ability to work effectively with other members of the legislative team.
•Ability to work long and unpredictable hours, sometimes on weekends and
holidays
under special circumstances, as needed.
•Travels as necessary for performance of duties.
•Ability to prioritize and perform duties under pressure in a fast-paced
environment.
•Regularly use typical office equipment, software programs, and methods
of communication, including, for example, a computer, email, telephone,
smartphone, photocopier, fax machine, etc.
Individuals interested in applying for this position should send their resume
to FloodHiring@mail.house.gov
MEM-207-24

A conservative Midwest Member of Congress has an immediate need to hire an
experienced full-time Legislative Director in the Washington, D.C. office.
Interested candidates are encouraged to email their resume, cover letter, and
references to ConservativeRep@mail.house.gov. Please use ‘Legislative
Director’ as the subject line, and in the body of the email, please indicate where
you found this job description.
Responsibilities:
This Legislative Director plays an essential leadership role in the office. This
position works closely with the Chief of Staff in assisting with the formulation of
the Member’s policy and legislative strategy. The Legislative Director will also
work with the Communications Director to ensure that the Member’s legislative
strategy is incorporated into the office’s communications plan. Additionally, the
Legislative Director may also manage and oversee the performance of the
legislative team.
Preferred Qualifications (not a comprehensive list)
•Prior Legislative Director Experience
•Capitol Hill experience
•Great writer
•Management Experience
•Proficient at Microsoft suite
•Detail oriented
•Multitasker

Page 20 of 29

MEM-206-24

The Office of Congressman Jimmy Panetta (CA-19) seeks candidates for an open
Director of Operations position.
Prior experience with scheduling for a Member of Congress or scheduling for a
political campaign is preferred, but scheduling for a similar organization will be
considered. Ideal candidates possess attention to detail, ability to handle a fastpaced environment, and strong communication and organizational skills.
Responsibilities include maintaining Member’s daily and long-term schedule in
Washington, working with stakeholders to balance the Member’s time, evaluating
incoming meeting requests and invitations, coordinating domestic and
international travel arrangements, and performing other administrative and
operational duties. This office is an equal opportunity employer.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF document to
with “Director of Operations” as the subject line to CA19.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-204-24

The Office of Congresswoman Terri A. Sewell (AL-07) is seeking a creative and
motivated Grants Coordinator to manage and grow the office’s grants program.
This position is based in Alabama’s 7th Congressional District.
RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO:
•Serving as the representative for the Congresswoman on grant-related matters,
including answering correspondence, occasionally speaking at events, and
meeting with constituents and stakeholders about grant opportunities.
•Tracking federal, state, and philanthropic grant awards to the district and
keeping stakeholders apprised of new grant opportunities and resources.
•Drafting and submitting grant support letters on behalf of the Congresswoman.
•Logging all incoming and outgoing support letters and grant research in the
office database (IQ).
•Informing the Congresswoman, District Director, and Chief of Staff of all grantrelated developments by tracking funding announcements by federal agency,
monitoring district media sources, and maintaining relationships with stakeholder
groups and agency officials.
•Drafting and publishing the Guide to Grants, our monthly newsletter containing
a comprehensive list of all current federal, state, local, and philanthropic grant
announcements available to entities in the 7th District.
•Planning and orchestrating Grant Workshops on key federal grant programs for
the purpose of educating and preparing entities across the district for their grant
applications.
•Collaborates with the press team on creating fact sheets, press statements, and
social media posts on grant opportunities and award announcements in the
district.

Page 21 of 29

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
One to two years of grant writing, grants administration, non-profit, government,
or legislative experience preferred. Previous experience working for an elected
official, university, or nonprofit is a plus.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong written and oral communication skills. Ability to think strategically and
creatively.
•Knowledge of the grants process and an ability to help organizations with grant
procurement.
•Demonstrated ability to maintain stakeholder lists and disseminate information
efficiently and effectively.
•Ability to work collaboratively with others and communicate with a variety of
personalities in a professional manner.
•Willingness to work evenings, weekends, and irregular hours.
•Ability to accept performance-based constructive criticism and direction.
Salary dependent on relevant experience. The office is an equal opportunity
employer. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, email a PDF copy of your resume, two writing samples (500 words or
less), and three professional references to AL07.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“Full Name - Grants Coordinator” in the subject line.
MEM-202-24

Office: Congressman Kevin Kiley
Webpage: https://kiley.house.gov/
Classification: Caseworker Location: Rocklin, CA
Congressman Kevin Kiley's District Office has an immediate need to hire one
full- time Caseworker. We are looking for a highly motivated and organized
individual to join our high-energy team.
Basic Functions and Duties:
Working closely with the District Director and District Representatives, the
Caseworker acts as a liaison to federal government entities and agencies on
behalf of the Member's constituents. The Caseworker is responsible for assessing
casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or Congressional
oversight.
The Caseworker will:
*Serve as a liaison with federal government for individual constituent concerns.
*Maintain constituent casework in assigned areas of expertise.
*Monitor and update the Member and District Director on casework trends.
*Prepare and manage incoming and outgoing casework in assigned areas of
expertise.
*Maintain accurate and complete files on all assigned casework matters.
*Monitor, screen, and refer cases, when appropriate, to other government entities.
Page 22 of 29

Requirements:
*Strong written and verbal communication skills.
*Computer software skills, Microsoft Office, Outlook, Google Drive, Constituent
Management Systems.
*Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities.
*Constituent service oriented; patient, empathetic, and desire to help constituents.
*Ability to work well with a team to effectively and creatively solve problems for
constituents.
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with Congressional District 3 is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline:
Salary range is $45,000-$51,000. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until positions are filled.
Submit a resume to:
Chelyssa Horvat
District Director, Office of Congressman Kevin Kiley 916-724-2575
Chelyssa.Horvat@mail.house.gov
MEM-201-24

Congresswoman Chellie Pingree is seeking a Communications Director to
oversee all media activities for her office.
This includes developing and implementing the Congresswoman's
communications strategy and serving as the official spokesperson. The ideal
candidate will have excellent writing skills, proficiency with all major social
media platforms, familiarity with video editing and graphics programs, and the
ability to work well under pressure in a collaborative team environment. The
expected salary range for the position is $90,000- $100,000 and the position can
be based in Portland, ME or Washington, D.C.
The Office of Congresswoman Chellie Pingree is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Interested applicants should send a pdf of their resume and cover letter
to Pingree.resume@mail.house.gov

MEM-200-24

A conservative Midwest Member of Congress has an immediate need to hire an
experienced full-time Legislative Assistant with a background in agriculture in
the Washington, D.C. office.

Page 23 of 29

Interested candidates are encouraged to email their resume, cover letter, and
references to ConservativeRep@mail.house.gov. Please use ‘Legislative
Assistant’ as the subject line, and in the body of the email, please indicate where
you found this job description.
Responsibilities:
This Legislative Assistant will serve as the Member's primary expert on
agriculture issues, as well as some other issue areas which will be assigned at the
time of employment. This position will work closely with the Legislative Director
and Chief of Staff to develop and execute a coordinated legislative strategy for
the Member. This position also prepares the Member for Committee hearings and
markups and attends meetings with constituents, visitors, and other groups.
Preferred Qualifications (not a comprehensive list)
•Agriculture background
•Capitol Hill experience
•Great writer
•Proficient at Microsoft suite
•Detail oriented
•Multitasker
MEM-199-24

A conservative Midwest Member of Congress has an immediate need to hire an
experienced media relations professional to serve as the office’s Communications
Director. This full-time position is based in the Washington, D.C., office.
Interested candidates are encouraged to email their resume, two to three writing
samples, and references to ConservativeRep@mail.house.gov. Please use
‘Communications Director’ as the subject line, and in the body of the email,
please indicate where you found this job description.
Responsibilities:
The Communications Director serves as the Member’s primary communications
and media strategist. They work closely with the Chief of Staff, Legislative
Director, and District Director to develop and execute a coordinated plan to
inform the media on issues that are important to the Member and oversee day-today press operations.
Preferred Qualifications (not a comprehensive list)
•Excellent writer
•Organized multitasker
•Capitol Hill experience
•Digital experience (Adobe suite/Canva)
•Digital townhall experience
•Experience booking national TV/Radio interviews

Page 24 of 29

MEM-198-24

District Scheduler – The district office of Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks
a hard-working, highly organized individual to serve as district scheduler for the
Member of Congress.
This position primarily entails planning and managing the Congressman’s daily
and long-term schedule in the district, organizing the Member’s daily briefing
materials, tracking and responding to meeting requests and invitations, and
coordinating with district, DC, and Committee staff.
Other responsibilities include community outreach, writing constituent letters of
recognition, drafting congressional records and citations, representing the
Congressman at community and governmental events, special projects, as well as
various administrative duties.
Candidates should possess excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written
communication skills, great attention to detail, and the ability to prioritize and
multi-task, and must exercise discretion and enjoy working with the public. Prior
experience with office scheduling in government, the non-profit sector or
community and grassroots organizing is preferred. This position is based in Long
Branch, NJ. Applicants must have a valid driver’s license.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and references by
email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-180-24

Congressman Steven Horsford’s District Office is seeking to hire a full-time
District Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team.
Job Summary:
Under the supervision of the District Director, the District Representative acts as
the representative for the Member. District Representative responsibilities include
strengthening relationships with key stakeholders, as well as attending
engagements on behalf of the Member. Caseworker responsibilities include
helping constituents resolve problems with federal agencies through written and
verbal communication.
Responsibilities:
Outreach Responsibilities:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals.
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities.
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders.
•Organize and participate in community events, town halls, and outreach
campaigns to engage constituents.
Casework Responsibilities:
•Act as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility,
Page 25 of 29

including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies.
•Handle casework assignments and assess casework for problems requiring
legislative action, making recommendations to the District Director and Chief of
Staff.
•Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents.
Communications and Professionalism:
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents.
•Accept performance-based criticism and directions.
•Work well under pressure and handle stress.
•Work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
•Perform other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
•Political knowledge and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer
service manners; public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional
nights, weekends and some holidays.
Benefits:
•Comprehensive health insurance coverage, including medical, dental, and vision
plans.
•Paid annual and sick leave.
•Thrift Savings Plan Retirement program.
•Student Loan Repayment.
•Health and Wellness programs.
•Transit Benefits.
•House Professional Development programs.
•Employee purchasing/government discounts
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with District 4 community is preferred.
Application Instructions:
This is a full-time position based in the North Las Vegas district office. Salary is
competitive and commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, individuals
with disabilities, and veteran
are encouraged to apply.

Page 26 of 29

Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples
(no longer than two pages) and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with "District Representative,” [Last Name,
First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-155-24

DIGITAL DIRECTOR OR PRESS SECRETARY
Rep. Tokuda (HI-02) seeks an energetic person to join her communications team
in her Washington, D.C. office. This individual will work closely with the
Communications Director who works in Honolulu. Candidates must have
experience in digital media and video editing and will be responsible for
managing multiple digital media accounts. This position will also assist with
press releases and inquiries, speeches, and mass communications.
Essential Skills Include:
•Strong writing and editing skills with attention to detail
•Creative graphic production
•Ability to multi-task and work quickly under pressure
•Patience, flexibility, and a sense of humor
Candidate must also be able to work occasionally on weekends and evenings.
Interested parties should email a cover letter, resume, writing sample, sample
social media posts, and two references to Hawaii02jobs@gmail.com

MEM-135-24

PRESS SECRETARY- The Office of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03)
seeks an experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates
must be able to manage media relations, press opportunities, and messaging for a
senior member of Congress. This role reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active
relationships with top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience
will receive preferred consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations,
messaging, and risk management.
•Advance press events and staff the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current
relationships with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the office’s larger
communications strategy.

Page 27 of 29

Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who
does not discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex
(including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation,
marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee
organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit
factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as candidates from
underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
Page 28 of 29

•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Page 29 of 29

