________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 28, 2022

MEM-176-22

Press Secretary
The House Judiciary Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated and
hardworking communications professional to join a fast-paced communications
team to help manage communications for the full committee and subcommittees.
Responsibilities include drafting communications materials (news releases,
statements, talking points, etc.); managing public notices for the Committee and
Subcommittee’s work, helping with press inquiries; maintaining media
directories of reporters who cover the committee; and coordinating with the
Committee’s communications team and staff of committee members.
Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral communication skills;
the ability to comprehend and summarize complex legislation quickly; a proven
ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks; and sound
political judgment. Candidates should have at least 2 years of relevant experience.
Prior Hill or campaign experience, as well as familiarity with judiciary issues is
preferred.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
Page 1 of 31

color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to Job.Jdem@mail.house.gov. Please include “Press Secretary” in the
subject line.
MEM-173-22

Congressman Ruben Gallego (AZ-07) seeks an enthusiastic, people-oriented, and
dependable professional to serve as a Field Representative/ Caseworker in his
Phoenix District Office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: establishing and maintaining
relationships with local organizations, businesses and community leaders on
behalf of the Congressman; monitoring District and local issues; acting as liaison
to federal agencies; handling casework; managing special projects; and assisting
with events and other activities as assigned.
Travel throughout the district is required, thus the candidate must have a valid
driver’s license, reliable transportation, and appropriate automobile insurance.
The Field Representative/ Caseworker must be a dedicated, hard-working, team
player. Prior experience in government, the nonprofit sector, community or
grassroots organizing is preferred.
Applicants should have a service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills,
and proficiency at prioritizing and managing multiple projects at one time.
Applicants must demonstrate a capacity to work both independently and as part
of a team, and possess strong written and oral communications skills. A working
knowledge of Arizona’s 7th Congressional District is preferred and Spanish
speaking and writing skills are a plus.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a list of three
references to: lynn.cordova@mail.house.gov.

MEM-172-22

Rep. Kathy Castor (FL-14) seeks a collaborative and creative Digital Assistant to
join her Tampa district office.
Ideal candidates are team-oriented, self-motivated, and resourceful. Successful
applicants will write well, be proficient in graphic design and video production,
able to work under deadline, proactive and a strategic thinker who works well
with others.

Page 2 of 31

This staff position reports to the DC-based Communications Director.
RESPONSIBILITES
•Create weekly social media plans in collaboration with Communications
Director
•Create graphics for social media, newsletters, visual presentations and mail that
effectively communicate an idea or policy clearly
•Manage livestreaming, photography and videography at district events
•Oversee regular updates to the Congresswoman’s website
•Monitor social media and media reports regarding legislative, national and local
issues
•Produce video content to share on social media and with local stakeholders
•Other duties as assigned
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
•Proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite, Canva or other design programs required
•Candidates with ties to Florida are strongly encouraged to apply
•Spanish language proficiency is a plus but not required
The Office of Congresswoman Kathy Castor is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. We strongly value the
diversity of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds
to apply, including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA
community. Newly graduated college students with an interest in public service
are encouraged to apply.
TO APPLY: Email cover letter, resume, one writing sample, two graphic design
samples, and 2-3 references to FLDem.Resume@gmail.com with the subject line
“[Last Name, First Name] Digital Assistant.” Please no unsolicited drop-ins,
phone calls, or emails to the office.
MEM-171-22

Congressman Adam Smith (WA-09) seeks a Staff Assistant in his Washington,
D.C. Office.
The Staff Assistant runs the front office of the Congressman’s D.C. Office and
supports office operations. Primary duties include answering incoming calls,
greeting visitors to the D.C. office, processing tour, flag, and other constituent
requests, and administrative duties related to running the office.
The Staff Assistant will also assist the Legislative Correspondent with the
constituent mail program, including processing and sorting incoming messages in
Intranet Quorum (IQ).
The ideal candidate will have excellent organizational and time-management
skills; strong customer service skills, particularly for telephone and in-person
Page 3 of 31

conversations with constituents; and an ability to work cooperatively in a fastpaced environment.
Salary range is $50k+, dependent on qualifications and experience, with Federal
employee benefits including the student loan repayment program. Women,
people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities,
and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Applicants must submit a cover letter and resume
to WA09.jobs@mail.house.gov by April 8th with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-170-22

JOB DESCRIPTION: DIGITAL DIRECTOR/PRESS SECRETARY
OFFICE OF CONGRESSMAN MONDAIRE JONES
To apply, please visit this link: Digital Director/Press Secretary Application
(airtable.com)
ABOUT MONDAIRE:
Mondaire Jones is the 34-year-old Congressman from New York’s 17th District,
serving Rockland and Westchester Counties. He serves on the House Judiciary,
Education and Labor, and Ethics Committees and is the first openly gay, Black
member of Congress.
He also serves as Freshman Representative to Leadership, the youngest member
of the Democratic House leadership team, Deputy Whip of the Congressional
Progressive Caucus, and Co-Chair of the LGBTQ Equality Caucus. A product of
East Ramapo public schools, Mondaire was raised in Section 8 housing and on
food stamps in the Village of Spring Valley by a single mother who worked
multiple jobs to provide for their family.
He later graduated from Stanford University, worked at the Department of Justice
during the Obama Administration, and graduated from Harvard Law School. He
is a co-founder of the nonprofit Rising Leaders, Inc. and has previously served on
the NAACP’s National Board of Directors and on the board of the New York
Civil Liberties Union. Most recently, Mondaire worked as a litigator in the
Westchester County Law Department. Mondaire was born and raised in Rockland
and resides in Westchester.
WHAT YOU WILL DO:
The Digital Director/Press Secretary will serve as an integral part of the
communications team. They will:
•Monitor national and local media coverage
•Partner with the team to draft, post, and monitor social media accounts and
Page 4 of 31

messages
•Oversee digital media analytics and monitor social media performance
•Coordinate digital advertising
•Support the drafting of press releases, media advisories, op-eds, and newsletters
•Produce graphics, videos, and other digital media messages
•Liaise with local and national press
•Collaborate on short and long-term media strategy for the team
WHAT YOU BRING:
•Strong commitment to Mondaire’s mission and values
•Previous experience in digital communications
•Excellent organization
•Exceptional attention to detail
•Great communication skills
•Strong computer skills — ability to learn and adopt new technologies and
systems
•Ability to be discreet with sensitive information
APPLICATION PROCESS:
Please begin by filling out this form via the following link: Digital Director/Press
Secretary Application (airtable.com)
From there, the process is as follows:
•Zoom Interview with the Chief of Staff and Communications Director (30
minutes)
•Zoom Interview with Senior Staff (30 minutes)
•Timed Written Exercise (1-2 hours)
•Final Zoom Interview with Mondaire (30 minutes)
Please note that you will have time to ask questions during each of the interview
stages — we want to ensure that you have a chance to learn more about this role
throughout the process!
LOCATION AND COMPENSATION:
The position will be based in our Washington, DC office, with ample travel
opportunities to New York. We are flexible with remote work on non-session
days.
Salary ranges from $70-80,000, commensurate with experience. Benefits include
health insurance coverage and up to $833 per month in student loan repayment.
INCLUSION STATEMENT:
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals
Page 5 of 31

with disabilities throughout the interview and employment process, including
using our online system to apply for a position.
MEM-169-22

EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT/SCHEDULER: Rep. Anna G. Eshoo (CA-18)
seeks a detail-oriented Executive Assistant/Scheduler to manage her scheduling
in Washington, D.C. and in the district.
Candidates should possess strong oral and written communication skills, and
mature interpersonal skills. Candidates should also be highly motivated, able to
multitask, and solve problems in a fast-paced environment. This is not an entrylevel position.
Responsibilities include coordinating and managing all aspects of the Member’s
daily and long-term schedule in Washington, D.C., and in the district. The
scheduler coordinates all travel for the Member, oversees all billing and budget
related matters, and works closely with the Member and senior level staff to
ensure smooth daily operations. Candidates should have at least three years of
prior scheduling experience on Capitol Hill. Bay Area ties are a plus. This role
will offer a competitive salary commensurate with experience.
To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to CA18resumes@gmail.com by
COB Monday, March 28th. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-168-22

Representative Jamie Raskin seeks a Constituent Services Caseworker for his
Rockville, Maryland District Office.
Primary responsibilities include: handling constituent casework; interacting with
constituents and government agencies; representing the office at community
events, and assisting with administrative duties. This is an entry level position.
Ties to Maryland’s 8th District are preferred.
This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working, cohesive team
that is committed to providing superior constituent service. The ideal candidate is
organized, self-motivated, has excellent interpersonal and writing skills, and has a
passion for making a difference in people’s lives.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.
To apply, please send an email to District Director Kathleen Connor at the
following email address: Raskin.DistrictJobs@mail.house.gov with “Constituent
Services Caseworker” in the subject line and the following application materials
Page 6 of 31

attached as one combined PDF:
•Cover letter (not to exceed one page) – please customize your letter to this
position.
•Résumé (not to exceed one page)
•Two writing samples (not to exceed one page each)
•Three references (not to exceed one page) – for each reference, please include
name, current title/office, phone number, email, and a one-sentence description of
your relationship to the reference.
The deadline to apply is 5:00 p.m. on March 29, 2022.
MEM-165-22

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn
Maloney (D-NY) seeks to fill a Senior Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
Several years of investigative or litigation experience is required. Responsibilities
include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and managing
congressional investigations and hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds
and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Senior Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter
with the file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume”
and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or dropins, please.

MEM-164-22

The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks
an attorney with several years of investigative or litigation experience for a
Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
In this role, you will work with a team of energetic and supportive colleagues and
manage all aspects of high-profile congressional investigations. Potential day-today work includes drafting letters, negotiating with counsel, conducting
depositions and transcribed interviews, preparing reports and memoranda,
briefing the Chairwoman and other Committee Members, and organizing
congressional hearings.
Previous Hill experience helpful but not required. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must
have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and
possess excellent written and oral communication skills.

Page 7 of 31

Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the
file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.
MEM-163-22

Congressman Tony Cárdenas (CA-29) seeks an enthusiastic and hard-working
Press Assistant/Digital Manager to join his Washington, D.C. office.
The ideal candidate is team-oriented, self-motivated and resourceful. Successful
applicants will have strong writing and communication skills, work quickly under
pressure, be creative, proactive and strategic, work well with others and have a
keen sense of visual and graphic design.
Daily tasks include but are not limited to managing and creating content for
social media platforms, drafting press materials and e-newsletters, maintaining
the office’s website and leading photography and video production.
The preferred candidate will have 1+ years of political, Capitol Hill or other
government communications experience. This position reports to the
Communications Director.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women, people of
color, veterans and LGBTQIA+ candidates to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two writing samples and a digital
portfolio to CA29Jobs@mail.house.gov by March 31, 2022.

MEM-162-22

Representative Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks Staff Assistant for his Washington,
DC office.
This position is responsible for managing the front desk, answering the DC office
phones, operating the DC office internship program, coordinating constituents’
tour and flag requests, and handling other administrative duties of the office as
needed.
The staff member in this role interacts regularly with constituents and should
have a friendly, helpful demeanor. The ideal candidate should have strong written
and verbal communications skills, extreme attention to detail, and a positive
attitude. A working knowledge of legislative issues is a plus.
This staff member should also be a self-starter who likes to solve problems and
works well with a team. Strong organizational skills and a passion for helping
others are essential to this role.

Page 8 of 31

Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
a list of three references to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov. Please send all
materials in one PDF document. Incomplete applications will not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees
and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-161-22

The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and Citizenship seeks a hardworking lawyer with significant experience in immigration and nationality law to
serve as legislative counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Judiciary Committee on matters involving immigration law and policy; drafting
legislation; coordinating hearings and witnesses; preparing Members for hearings
and markups; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and providing
guidance to other offices within the Democratic Caucus on immigration-related
matters.
A strong background in immigration law and policy is required. Exceptional
writing skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work closely and
collaboratively with other congressional offices and advocacy organizations are
essential. The ideal candidate will have Capitol Hill experience and a minimum
of five years of experience in immigration law.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Immigration Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-160-22

North Carolina Democrat seeks District Director to oversee all operations of the
district office, including the development and implementation of policy
objectives, strategies, and operating plans, as well as direct all activities and staff
of the district office.
This position is responsible for recruiting, hiring, training, and managing district
staff and ensures that district staff complies with office policies, practices, and
procedures; represents the Member and/or assigns appropriate staff to do so at
events or functions through the district as needed.

Page 9 of 31

Responsibilities include strategizing, developing, and implementing district
communications and outreach plan for constituents, including casework
management. This individual also serves as the primary liaison between the
Congresswoman and constituents and special interest groups in the district, and
acts as an advisor for the Congresswoman on local concerns, district issues and
politics, and other developments throughout the region.
Candidates must possess a bachelor’s degree preferably: business management,
public administration, public policy and/or political science; have a minimum of
3-5 years of management experience, a strong ability to provide necessary
organization, leadership and motivation to manage a Congressional office;
excellent oral and written communication skills; and thorough knowledge of the
legislative process.
The ideal candidate is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically
astute, and willing to work evenings and weekends in a fast-paced and
demanding setting. North Carolina ties are a plus.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing samples
to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov , with “District Director” in the subject line, by
Thursday March 31, 2022. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Consistent with applicable law, the Office requires
all staff to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 as a term and condition of
employment.
MEM-158-22

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Legislative Assistant to join her
team in Washington, DC.
Ideal candidates will have prior Hill experience; excellent written and verbal
communication skills; strong organizational and time management skills; a
positive attitude; solid knowledge of the legislative process; and an ability to
work under pressure and meet deadlines in an fast-paced work environment.
Experience with Intranet Quorum (IQ) is preferred. Duties include:
*Formulating legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas;
*Tracking legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas and briefing
the Congresswoman for floor work, committee work, work in the district, and
outside House-related activities;
*Monitoring legislative developments within relevant committees;
*Planning and coordinating cosponsorship and support of legislation;
*Writing floor speeches for the Congresswoman;
*Acting as liaison with committee and agency staffs;
*Performing special projects assigned by the Congresswoman or Chief of Staff;
*Meeting with constituents and interest groups;
Page 10 of 31

*Assisting with the preparation of weekly reports for the Congresswoman and
staff on legislative activities in assigned issue areas; and
*Performing other duties as assigned.
Connecticut ties are a plus, but not required. Women and minority candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
two references in a single PDF to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following
subject line: Full name - Legislative Assistant. No phone calls or walk-ins,
please.
MEM-157-22

Congressman Wittman is seeking a Director of Operations and Scheduler based
out of his Washington, D.C. office.
The Director of Operations position will guarantee continued excellence in
constituent services through overseeing a collaborative and strategic scheduling
operation, ensuring a one-stop-shop model for all DC constituent interactions,
maximizing each dollar of the Members Representational Allowance (MRA) in
serving the constituents of the First District, and through taking a larger role
overall in office strategy and goalsetting.
The Director of Operations maintains the Congressman's schedule, travel plans,
and related records. This position acts as a liaison for the Congressman with the
staff, public, industry, Members of Congress, and Administration officials.
The Director of Operations is also the financial point of contact for the office
responsible for: tracking bills and vendor contracts, creating vouchers for
payment by the Finance office, tracking and submitted Member and staff
reimbursements, keeping equipment inventory current and well documented,
recommending year end equipment and supply purchases to the Chief and
Member, maintaining and submitting all travel and purchase card statements, and
making sure the office complies with all ethics criteria.
This position also supervises the staff assistant and front office operations and
coordinates with the Staff Assistant on the hiring, training, and maintenance of
the intern program. This is not an entry level position and previous Capitol Hill,
or executive assistant experience is strongly preferred.
Ideal candidates should be organized with an exceptional attention to detail and
be able to handle a fast-paced and demanding work environment. In addition,
candidates should possess strong people skills with the temperament to
communicate with a variety of personalities in a pleasant and professional
manner. Virginia ties a plus.

Page 11 of 31

Email resume and cover letter to with “Wittman Director of Operations” in the
subject line to Carolyn.King@mail.house.gov.
MEM-155-22

The Office of Congressman Emanuel Cleaver is seeking a Scheduler for his DC
office. This is not an entry-level position. Candidates must have exceptional
organizational skills, meticulous attention to detail, the ability to prioritize and
manage multiple tasks under tight deadlines and the ability to work under
pressure in a fast-paced environment.
The DC Scheduler serves in an important advisory capacity for the Member and
works closely with the Chief of Staff, District Scheduler, communications, and
policy teams to coordinate the Member’s official schedule and arrange travel
plans. This position is responsible for managing the Member’s daily and longterm DC schedule; evaluating, organizing and responding to all incoming DC
meeting requests; creating and booking complex travel arrangements;
coordinating with the campaign staff on political scheduling requests; and
occasionally spearheading other projects as assigned.
The successful candidate will have strong written and verbal communication
skills, be a proactive self-starter, and be someone who enjoys and can
successfully work collaboratively as part of a close-knit team. The ideal candidate
will have Congressional work experience and prior scheduling experience.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Consistent with applicable law, this office requires all staff and interns to
complete a full SARS-CoV2 vaccination course, regardless of recovery from
prior coronavirus illness, as a condition of employment.
How to apply: Please submit your resume and cover letter
to midwest.jobs@mail.house.gov with Scheduler in the title. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-154-22

Communications Director — Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro (CT-03) seeks a
highly motivated, hard-working Communications Director.
Responsibilities include planning and implementing a communications strategy
across a broad portfolio, working closely with legislative, district, and
appropriations staff to effectively communicate her message, handling daily
media inquiries, maintaining relationships with national and local reporters,
writing talking points and press releases, pitching op-eds, managing the website,

Page 12 of 31

producing videos and social media content, planning and pitching press events in
DC and the district, overseeing daily clips, and keeping press lists up-to-date.
Ideal applicants will have Hill press experience, strong writing and oral
communication skills, the ability to multitask and prioritize under pressure, and a
good sense of humor. Connecticut ties are a plus.
This office requires all staff and interns to complete a full SARS-CoV2
vaccination course, regardless of recovery from prior coronavirus illness, as a
condition of employment.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a writing sample as one attachment
to CTCommsJob@gmail.com.
MEM-152-22

Congressman Kurt Schrader (OR-05), a member of the House Committee on
Energy and Commerce and senior member of the Blue Dog Coalition, is seeking
a Legislative Correspondent in his Washington, DC office.
Ideal candidates must be highly motivated self-starters with excellent writing and
research skills and an ability to work under tight deadlines in a dynamic work
environment. Oregon ties and experience with moderate Democratic messaging is
a plus.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Manages and maintains a high-volume constituent correspondence system;
•Ensures that responses to constituent letters are completed in a timely manner;
•Conducts any research necessary to formulate response to letters;
•Creates and maintains a collection of prepared responses for use in responding to
constituent mail;
•Works with members of the Legislative staff to ensure correspondence is up to
date;
•Manages the approval chain from legislative staff to the Member of Congress;
•Supervises the printing and proofreading of form letters;
•Assists Communications team with 499 strategy and implementation;
•Drafts responses to constituent mail that cannot be answered with a form letter;
•Organizes incoming correspondence and maintains Fireside system;
•Compiles weekly mail reports for the Member and legislative staff including
mail volume, processing statistics, and policy issues raised in incoming
constituent mail;
•Assists with answering phones as needed;
•Reports to the Legislative Director;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Excellent research, writing and communication skills;
•Knowledge of the legislative process;
Page 13 of 31

•Strong organizational skills;
•Ability to exercise discretion, use independent judgement, and work
cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Thoroughness and attention to detail;
•Fireside experience strongly preferred;
•Availability to work long hours and at night.
Salary range for this position is $48,000-58,000 plus full federal health and
retirement benefits and student loan reimbursement (terms apply). This office is
an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified candidates
are encouraged to apply.
The Office will be taking applications through March 31, 2022 and may remain
open longer should the position remain unfilled. Please email your resume, cover
letter, and a writing sample to: OR05KS.resumes@mail.house.gov with subject
line: Legislative Correspondent.
MEM-151-22

Congressman Kurt Schrader (OR-05) seeks a Press Secretary/Deputy
Communications Director based in Oregon. The staff member in this position
will assist with all aspects of strategic communications including press, social
media, mass communications and constituent correspondence.
Essential job functions:
•Work with the Communications Director based in DC to execute comprehensive
national and district media outreach, public relations and communication
strategies;
•Act as Member’s primary spokesperson;
•Provide logistical and technical support to Congressman Schrader for radio and
television interviews;
•Proactively seek media opportunities and work with the Communications
Director to manage and catalogue incoming media requests
•Assist in managing the official website, crafting social media posts including
Facebook and Twitter posts, designing graphics, monitoring social channels, and
shooting and editing professional videos using office technology and Adobe
Creative Suite;
•In coordination with the Communications Director, draft press releases, talking
points, speeches, op-eds, newsletters, questionnaires, and other written materials;
•Maintain and update both national and district press lists and drafting and
distributing media advisories
•Manage logistics for town halls, Oregon press conferences, and other publicfacing events, both virtual and in-person;
•Support on administrative functions of the office as needed such as constituent
calls and data entry
•Performs other duties as assigned.

Page 14 of 31

Qualifications include a working knowledge of Oregon’s 5th Congressional
District and understanding of Oregon’s print, broadcast, and online media
landscape. Strong written and oral, and organization skills, and a capacity to work
both independently and as part of a team. 2 to 3 years of experience. Spanish
language proficiency is a plus.
Salary range for this position is $55,000-75,000 plus full federal health and
retirement benefits and student loan reimbursement (terms apply). This office is
an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified candidates
are encouraged to apply.
The Office will be taking applications through March 31, 2022 and may remain
open longer should the position remain unfilled.
Please email your resume and cover
letter to: OR05KS.resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: Press Secretary.
MEM-149-22

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active and
visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework distribution;
answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings, condolences and
congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities may also include
casework assignments if the District Director finds that the staff assistant can take
on such work while paying the required attention to his/her already assigned
tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting, training,
scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move
immediately to D.C., if hired.
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov

MEM-148-22

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff, seeks a Staff
Director/Chief Counsel for the Consumer Protection and Commerce
Subcommittee.
The subcommittee’s jurisdiction comprises a diverse set of issues, including
consumer affairs and consumer protection, tech accountability, consumer privacy

Page 15 of 31

and data security, auto safety, consumer product safety, regulation of commercial
practices, including sports-related matters, among other issues.
Responsibilities include:
•Managing a team to prepare and staff hearings and markups, draft legislation,
and advise staff and Members of Congress on legislative and non-legislative
matters – this includes review and approval of all written materials;
•Working with the Chairman, Subcommittee Chair, and Senior Committee Staff
to set and implement Subcommittee priorities, strategy, and messaging; and
•Advising Members of Congress and their staffs on the issues before the
Subcommittee.
Requirements:
•Minimum of 6 years of Congressional experience or other relevant experience,
including experience developing and managing a team;
•Strong background and knowledge of issues within the Subcommittee’s
jurisdiction, including current legislative and non-legislative issues before the
Subcommittee;
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process and the organization and
procedures of the House of Representatives;
•Superior writing, analytical, and legislative skills, including explaining policy
issues in ways that people can easily understand;
•Sound political judgment and the ability to think creatively to design and
implement Subcommittee priorities and strategies;
•Proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities and excellent organizational and time management skills;
•Willingness to work long hours and weekends; and
•Experience working with relevant public interest groups, agencies, Members of
Congress and their staffs, and industry stakeholders
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and at least three
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line:
Consumer Protection Staff Director Candidate [Your Name].
MEM-146-22

Rep. Judy Chu (CA-27) seeks Scheduler for fast-paced Washington, D.C. office.
This individual will be responsible for the Member’s daily and long-term
schedule in D.C. and work in close coordination with the district scheduler.
Specific responsibilities will include managing invitations and scheduling
requests, travel and logistical details, acting as a liaison to constituent groups,

Page 16 of 31

handling the member’s correspondence, and various additional administrative
duties.
This individual must be a good writer, politically savvy, able to multi-task,
meticulously organized, and able to quickly solve problems in a fast-paced work
environment. Candidate should be comfortable dealing with a wide variety of
people and stakeholders.
Previous Capitol Hill scheduling or other scheduling experience is preferred. A
good sense of humor is a must. This office is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Consistent with applicable law, this office requires all staff and interns to
complete a full SARS-CoV2 vaccination course, regardless of recovery from
prior coronavirus illness, as a condition of employment.
To apply, please email cover letter and résumé in one PDF document
to ca27jobs@gmail.com. Please include Scheduler in the subject line. No phone
calls or drop-ins please!
MEM-140-22

The Office of Congresswoman Elissa Slotkin (D-MI) seeks a motivated,
organized, and detail-oriented Legislative Correspondent with exceptional
written and oral communication skills to join the team.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to jobs.mi08@mail.house.gov. Please include “Legislative Correspondent,
[YOUR NAME]” in the subject line.
Core Responsibilities include:
●Managing and organizing incoming communications from constituents, and
drafting substantive written responses in a timely manner.
●Engaging with constituents directly to provide more specific responses when
appropriate, and working with both the legislative and communications teams to
manage a robust, proactive constituent outreach operation.
●Managing and recruiting the office’s interns.
●Professional development and advancement opportunities are a priority for
Congresswoman Slotkin, so the position also presents opportunities to take on
legislative or communications work, as the candidate grows in the job.
Qualifications:
●This office has a fast-paced, collegial environment and places an emphasis on
ensuring that staff have a direct line of communication with the Congresswoman.
●Candidates must be able to work both collaboratively and individually, and be
able to produce high quality work in a fast-paced environment. Must be selfmotivated.
Page 17 of 31

●Responsiveness and engagement with constituents are a top priority for this
office, so applicants should be prepared to manage an expansive mail program.
●Previous Capitol Hill experience and knowledge of Internet Quorum are
preferred.
●Ties to Michigan are preferred.
Salary and Benefits:
●Salary will be between $43,500 and $50,000 per year, pursuant to candidates’
previous experience.
●Benefits package through the U.S. House of Representatives includes health
insurance, retirement matching, student loan repayment, and transit benefits. 15
days of paid leave per year, plus sick leave.
●Flexible teleworking options.
The Office of Congresswoman Elissa Slotkin is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity,
national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family status, or military
status. Women, people of color, veterans, and other members of traditionally
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-134-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated individual to assume the role of Press Secretary|Digital Director.
The person chosen for the position will work closely with the Communications
Director to develop and execute the Congresswoman’s long-term
communications plan. They will be charged with overseeing the communications
schedule, managing the Member’s digital media accounts, and working with local
and national reporters.
The Press Secretary|Digital Director will be responsible for a wide range of
critical functions, including developing original social media content, designing
graphics, editing and posting videos, maintaining the office’s website, and
managing media lists. Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director
with drafting news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds and other materials.
Qualified applicants must have strong writing, editing, proofreading skills and be
proficient in photography, video recording and editing. They must be detailoriented, news savvy and able to work in a fast-paced, demanding work setting -a sense of humor and ability to be a team player is a must.
Spanish fluency preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous experience in press or relevant social
media experience is required.
Experience with Adobe Creative Cloud Products are a plus. Southern
California|Los Angeles ties are a plus.
Page 18 of 31

Successful applicants will need to demonstrate their writing ability by completing
a writing and editing test.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter including salary requirements, and
two writing samples with “Press Secretary” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-133-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly talented and
motivated individual to serve as a Legislative Assistant|CHC Liaison in
Washington, DC House office - with the primary responsibilities of handling the
Member’s immigration, foreign affairs, military, and criminal justice, Homeland
Security Committee work, and serve as Member’s liaison to the Congressional
Hispanic Caucus (CHC). Candidates must have a proven record of proposing
legislation, developing amendments, and leading on letters.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Drafting legislation and amendments and advancing them through various
legislative vehicles;
• Preparing hearing binders and questions for witnesses for Homeland Security
Committee hearings;
• Drafting talking points, vote recommendations and other materials;
• Monitoring and analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings,
news stories and other relevant info; and
• Representing the Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.
Candidates must have an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in a
fast-paced work environment. Strong organizational and time management skills,
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a keen attention to detail
are required.
Spanish language skills preferred.
Southern California ties a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two references with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

Page 19 of 31

MEM-132-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
•Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
•Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
•Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
•Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
Page 20 of 31

expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-131-22

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
scheduler.
Main responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules for both DC and the District; organizing and evaluating all incoming
meeting requests and invitations; keeping the Member on schedule throughout the
day; working with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings; coordinating travel arrangements; processing and
managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member; and communicating
with constituents by phone and email to address requests, concerns, and
questions.
Additional responsibilities include other administrative tasks.
Candidates should be highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task,
resourceful, team-oriented, and have a positive attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including
some weekend availability as needed.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Applicants should have previous scheduling
experience (at least one year in a similar position). Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Southern California | Los Angeles Metro area ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-127-22

Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) seeks a full-time legislative assistant in
Washington, D.C.
The legislative assistant will be responsible for important issues areas such as
worker and family support, education, labor, transportation, among other issues,
in a fast-paced congressional office for a member of House Democratic
Leadership on the Ways and Means, Budget, and Science, Space and Technology
Committees.

Page 21 of 31

Responsibilities are wide-ranging, including drafting bills and amendments,
developing strategic plans to advance legislation through Congress, staffing
committee meetings, interacting with constituents, district stakeholders,
committee/leadership committee staff and federal agencies, and writing policy
briefing memos and talking points.
Candidates must have a self-starting personality, strong written and verbal
communication skills, a desire to continually learn and grow and an eagerness to
work on a team in a collaborative office environment. This is not an entry-level
position. A minimum two years of relevant experience is required. Michigan ties
preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and a writing sample
to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-115-22

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-53) is looking for a calm, quickthinking, and detail-oriented Body Person/District Scheduler for the San Diego
office.
The primary responsibility will be driving and staffing the Congresswoman while
she is in San Diego. Other responsibilities will include assisting the Director of
Scheduling and Operations with scheduling events in San Diego, helping to
manage the Congresswoman’s calendar, event planning, relaying necessary
information from events to the district team, and other administrative duties as
assigned.
Ideal candidates will have good judgment, common sense, an eye for detail, and a
good sense of humor. They will be able to anticipate the needs of the principal
and problem-solve on their feet. They will also be calm under pressure and
closely follow San Diego government and politics.
This is not a 9-5 job; some nights and weekends will be required. Bilingual skills
are preferred; a valid driver’s license, daily access to a vehicle, and a good
driving record are required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume with “Jacobs - Body
Person” in the subject line to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov. Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis, with priority given to earlier applicants.
The Office of Congresswoman Jacobs is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status.

MEM-109-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai’i - 01) is seeking a
Scheduler/Administrative Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office.
Page 22 of 31

Scheduling duties include but are not limited to managing all aspects of the
Congressman’s daily and long-term schedule in D.C., Hawai‘i and elsewhere.
Other duties include coordinating and implementing administrative functions of
the D.C. office, including constituent mail, tours requests, inventory management
and records management. Direct report is to the Chief of Staff, although the
individual will work closely with the Deputy Chief of Staff and the Congressman
is routinely involved in all aspects of his office operations.
Preference given to (1) prior Capitol Hill experience, (2) prior scheduling
experience and (3) Hawai’i background. Applicants are asked to detail these
attributes in their application package.
The position also requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, multitasking, the
ability to work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and
solve problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing
skills, and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Scheduler/Administrative
Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-108-22

Representative Kilmer seeks a Legislative Assistant to support his work on
interior, environment, and related issues, including his work on the
Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior and Environment.
The portfolio will also include managing an active and diverse policy portfolio
that includes Energy, Environment, Fisheries/Oceans, Natural Resources/ Public
Lands, and Native American issues.
Responsibilities for this position include: managing appropriations requests;
staffing committee hearings and markups; developing and advancing legislative
priorities; drafting cosponsor and vote recommendations; writing policy memos
and talking points; and working directly with stakeholders and constituents.
This is not an entry-level position and prior Hill experience is strongly preferred.
Candidates must have excellent written and verbal communication skills, be
entrepreneurial and adept at multitasking, and enjoy working as part of a
collaborative team in an active and fast-paced office. The ideal candidate will
have experience working on natural resource and tribal issues in the Pacific
Northwest and a clear understanding of the appropriations process.
Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
Page 23 of 31

expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Washington state ties are a plus but not required.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two short writing samples, three
references, and if willing your best joke,
to Kilmer.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “LAST NAME Natural
Resources LA.”
MEM-105-22

California Democratic Congressman seeks a Staff Assistant for his Washington,
D.C. office. Responsibilities include driving the Congressman to official
business, managing the front office, answering phones, processing flag and tour
requests, and additional administrative duties as required.
Candidates should be dependable, hardworking, and resourceful. This position
requires excellent interpersonal and time management skills, as well as the ability
to work in a fast-paced environment. California ties are preferred. Candidates
must possess a car and driver's license in good standing.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
Qualified candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and 1-2 page writing
sample to CAHouseJob@mail.house.gov and include “Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-102-22

Senior Democratic Congresswoman seeks an experienced, organized, and detailoriented Scheduler/Office Manager for her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing office calendars and visitor access to Member,
organizing and tracking meeting and event invitations, speaking engagements,
travel reservations and other requests for the Member, coordinating with district
staff, and managing administrative matters for office operation. The position also
manages the office’s intern program.
The Scheduler/Office Manager will work closely with other staff members,
particularly senior staff, to ensure efficient and seamless office operations. Ideal
candidates are flexible, responsive, collaborative, work well under pressure and
on short deadlines, and are able to balance competing demands.
Candidates must be available to assist the Member outside of regular business
hours. Applicants should also have a positive attitude, excellent organizational
skills, strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills, political
instincts and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Page 24 of 31

This is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill operational and/or
scheduling experience is required, 3+ years of experience a plus. Ohio ties a plus.
No phone calls, emails, or drop-bys.
Please submit cover letter, and resume to Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-101-22

Midwest Republican Member looking to add Deputy Chief of Staff to growing
team.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Assisting Chief of Staff with day-to-day operations.
•Engaged in legislative activities and works with the Legislative Director on
oversight of the policy team.
•Works closely with the district operation to create a consistent communication
for the whole team.
•Ideal candidates have operations and/or legislative experience.
•Candidates must have prior Capitol Hill or relevant policy experience, be highly
motivated, detail-oriented professionals with strong organizational and timemanagement skills.
Interested candidates should end a resume to: midwestgopmember@gmail.com

MEM-100-22

Senior House Republican Seeks Press Secretary/Digital Director
Candidates must excel in a fast-paced existing press operation. Familiarity or
existing contacts with conservative media outlets a major plus. Position based in
Washington, DC office. Must work well under pressure.
Required
•Video filming and editing skills
•Excellent research skills
•Above-average writing ability
Duties
•Successfully pitch and book the Member on national tv and radio
•Develop and assist with press releases, talking points, op-eds, and other
materials
•Grow and manage a national press list
•Create compelling social media content
•Assist with maintaining office’s website and social media accounts
•Create and edit videos and graphics
•Monitor the Congressman’s presence and interactions on social media, keeping
Communications Director and Chief of Staff up to date on emerging trends and
important conversations happening online
•Take photos/video at events
•Compile daily clips
Page 25 of 31

Contact
Please submit your resume to Midwestern.Job@mail.house.gov with “Press
Secretary/Digital Director” in the subject line.
MEM-098-22

The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski seeks a Constituent Services
Representative based in his Somerville, NJ office to advocate on behalf of
constituents seeking assistance with federal agencies or accessing federal benefits
or resources.
This is a public-facing position, directly assisting constituents of New Jersey’s
7th Congressional District. Applicants must possess the temperament to
communicate in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner at all times.
Essential Job Functions:
•Advocate on behalf of constituents seeking assistance with matters before
federal agencies; this could include but is not limited to assistance with the IRS,
travel and immigration, social security, medicare, and veterans benefits.
•Acts as the representative for the Congressman within their areas of
responsibility, including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, state, and local authorities;
•Prepares periodic reports for the Congressman on pending cases and district
activities in their assigned issue areas;
•Continually screens active cases and provides regular status updates to
constituents;
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases;
•Assesses casework for problems requiring intervention from the Congressman.
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other federal or state legislative
offices;
•Provides logistical support to the Congressman at events he attends in the district
and serves as support staff for events hosted by the office.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Skills and Knowledge Required:
•Ability to learn quickly and develop a thorough knowledge of local, state, and
federal agency processes.
•Professional telephone and email demeanor;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
Applicants must be willing to work a flexible schedule, including some evenings
and weekends, and can expect a portion of each week to be spent outside the
office meeting with constituents and representing the congressman at events.
Applicants must have a valid driver's license and working vehicle.
Page 26 of 31

1-2 years’ experience preferred but outstanding recent graduates are welcome to
apply. Starting salary for this position is $40,000 to $45,000 a year commensurate
with experience.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to NJ07Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “NJ07 Constituent
Services Representative.”
MEM-080-22

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR –The bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus
(PSC) seeks an innovative, strategic, and experienced communications director
based in Washington, D.C. The staff member in this position proactively
promotes and helps build the Caucus’s national image and manage its press,
social media, website, and communications operations.
The communications director works closely with the executive director, PSC cochairs, and member office staff to carry out assigned duties. This position is
responsible for helping plan, draft, and coordinate communications activities to
advance caucus priorities, including pitching stories, developing social media
content, writing press releases, and maintaining positive working relationships
with members of the media. The communications director organizes Caucus press
conferences, coordinates outside speaking requests, produces caucus-oriented
talking points, and works collaboratively with member offices.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least two years of
previous communications experience, including Capitol Hill experience and
relationships with the congressional press corps. A disposition aligned with the
caucus mission of breaking the gridlock in Congress by promoting bipartisan,
bicameral collaboration and policies is essential.
Candidates must possess strong writing, communication, and organizational
skills, digital and social media savviness, creativity, and the ability to work with
members and their staff under tight deadlines. Candidates should also be familiar
with graphic design, website and social media design, videography, and
constructing and conveying messages to a national audience through print,
television, and digital media.
Salary range for this position is $50,000 to $58,000 plus benefits. The Problem
Solvers Caucus is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, national origin, or military status.

Page 27 of 31

Please submit a cover letter, resume, and at least two professional references
to Jaclyn.ODay@mail.house.gov, with the subject line “PSC Communications
Director.”
MEM-069-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks a Press Media
Secretary based in the DC office to work closely with the Communications
Director, based in the district office to develop and execute the Congressman’s
communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and Means, Armed
Services, and Budget committees.
The Press Media Secretary must be and stay up to date with the latest digital,
technical, and social media trends. Able to express the Congressman's voice
creatively and promote social media presence, ensuring high web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines. This position serves as a
part of the Communications team and reports directly to the Director of
Communications based in the district, however, this person will be the main point
of contact in the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
• Acts as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Managing the Congressman’s social media platforms, developing a weekly
content calendar, and drafting rapid response content during breaking news
moments.
• Maintaining the Congressman’s website and drafting new website content
covering key policy issues.
• Preparing daily press clip summaries and monitoring the Congressman’s media
mentions.
• Writing a weekly newsletter, creating digital ads, and participating in other
efforts to keep constituents of Nevada’s Fourth District informed about the work
of a busy Congressional office.
• Helping to plan and staff communications-focused events for the Congressman,
both in-district and in Washington D.C.
• Writing short-form speeches and video scripts and preparing video clips of the
Congressman for public distribution.
• Building relationships with allies and online influencers to amplify
Congressman Horsford’s digital message and expand his online reach.
• Perform all other duties as required
The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work closely with
legislative and district staff. The ideal candidate will have experience in or
interest in learning about aspects of the office’s traditional press operations,
including writing press releases, drafting talking points and speeches, forming
relationships with members of the media, and pitching stories.
Page 28 of 31

This is an ideal position for someone with 1-2 years of communications or digital
experience. Applicants must be passionate about public service, well-organized,
and have the ability to work on weekends and holidays when necessary.
Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other
languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply. Experience
with video editing and graphic design is also a plus. Nevada ties are a plus, but
not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, three writing samples, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Press/Media Secretary” in the subject
line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-594-21

Job Announcement: Field Representative
Southern California Republican Member of the House
Are you looking for an exciting and fast-paced career in public service? A
Southern California Republican has an immediate need to hire a full-time Field
Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to
join our high-energy team.
Basic Functions
The Field Representative serves an important role in the Member’s Congressional
District, acting as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents. They are responsible for strengthening community
relations and assessing casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or
Congressional oversight.
Duties
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative briefs the Member in preparation for district meetings with
constituents and acts as the representative for the Member by attending events
and meetings. This includes public speaking and certificate presentations. The
Field Representative will:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders

Page 29 of 31

•Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
•Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
Requirements
•Expertise developing and executing a community relations strategy
•Experience in maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders
•Political savvy and comfort navigating complicated situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including nights and
weekends
•Constituent service oriented; patient empathetic, with a desire to help
constituents
Position Qualifications/Education
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with Orange County is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline
Salary starts at $3,500 per month. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to
Stephanie Hu, District Director
Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-539-21

Nevada’s 4th District Democratic Member of Congress seeks a highly organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for a position in our North Las Vegas,
Nevada District office. Candidates must be comfortable working with the public,
have excellent oral and written communication skills, problem solving abilities.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests, answering
phones, conducting tours, overseeing an active mail program;
•Sorting/batching correspondence, drafting correspondence and ensuring a swift
turnaround time;
•Responding to constituent mail, keeping abreast of legislative developments, and
meeting with constituent groups;
•Assisting District Representatives as needed, and
•Perform all other duties as assigned and required

Page 30 of 31

The ideal candidate will be/must have:
•Passionate about public service and committed to democratic values;
•Strong writing, communication skills and be detail-oriented;
•Have advanced experience with spreadsheets and forms,
•A poised, confident, self-starter, and team-player with a sense of humor; and
•The ability to work in a high-paced environment.
•The ability work weekends and holidays
•Have reliable transportation, auto insurance and a clean driving record
•Currently enrolled in an ungraduated degree program at a college or university
or have a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in the related fields of human services
or social work, and a minimum of one-year relevant experience in community or
human services.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Spanish language skills and District ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, one writing sample and
three professional references in a single PDF file. Email submissions to the
Director of Administration, nv04resume@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-DSA-2 __last name, First name".

Page 31 of 31

