________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 29, 2024

MEM-332-24 The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Budget is seeking a highly
experienced, motivated, and creative Communications Director to lead its fastpaced communications shop. Strong relationships with national press, producers
and bookers, and stakeholders, as well as meaningful management experience is
necessary. Prior knowledge of the budget and appropriations process is a plus.
This is not an entry-level position.
The individual selected will have exceptional writing and editing skills, a keen
attention to detail, and the ability to translate complex issues and topics for
various audiences across platforms and medias. The ideal candidate will have
significant communications work experience including time on Capitol Hill,
with a non-profit, government agency, or in the private sector.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Develop strategic communications plans for the committee, leading the
communications team and working closely with the Ranking Member’s personal
office, committee professional staff, and across offices to implement successful
media strategies to roll out reports, commentary, legislation, send letters, and
make other major announcements;
• Manage, mentor, and grow the Committee’s communications team, focusing
on staff professional development, skill building, and efficient workflows;
• Build and sustain strong relationships with local, national, and budget-specific
print, radio, and broadcast media (reporters, producers, editors, columnists, etc),
Page 1 of 21

and remain ready to identify creative ways to pitch the Ranking Member and
garner media attention for Committee work;
• Lead the communications team in drafting messaging resources and toolkits on
committee work and accomplishments for Committee Members and the Caucus;
• Assist with planning and staffing D.C.- and district-based events related to
committee work, such as press conferences and roundtables;
• Prepare, brief, and staff the Ranking Member for media interviews, press
conferences, roundtables, and other engagements;
• Draft and edit committee materials, talking points, speeches, press releases, opeds, and other materials as necessary; and
• Speak on background or on the record with reporters when necessary and act
as a media liaison for the Ranking Member.
REQUIREMENTS:
• Exceptionally strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
• Experience managing others and promoting professional development;
• Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media and how to
successfully create and leverage opportunities in each;
• Expertise in advising others on a communication strategy and ability to
collaborate well with issue experts and other coworkers;
• Strategic thinker, politically savvy, and ability to manage competing priorities
and develop solutions under tight deadlines;
• Ability to work well with others, willingness to take initiative, manage
competing priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines
are a must; and
• Works a flexible schedule, including long hours on nights and weekends.
This office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values
mentorship and professional development; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds, women, people of color, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter describing their fit for the role,
a resume, and three writing samples to budget-democrat.jobs@mail.house.gov
with “[NAME] – HBC Communications Director” in the subject line. No calls
or walk-ins please.
MEM-331-24 A Republican Subcommittee Chair is seeking a Staff Assistant for the
Washington, D.C. office. Successful applicants will be motivated, organized,
detail-oriented, responsive, and be able to prioritize and manage multiple tasks
under tight deadlines. Qualified applicants should also possess strong and
effective communication (both verbal and written), interact positively with
constituents, work well in a team environment, and be able to accomplish tasks
with minimal guidance.
Page 2 of 21

Responsibilities of this role include, but are not limited to:
• Greeting guests in the office, answering phone calls, and logging
incoming constituent communications
• Overseeing the front office and providing training to interns
• Providing and coordinating tours of the Capitol, arranging tours of other
national landmarks, and managing the office flag program
• Driving the Member on occasion (vehicle preferred)
• Flexibility in supporting the Member and all staff in various roles, both
administrative and legislative.
To apply, please email CapitolHillStaffPosition@gmail.com with a copy of your
resume.
MEM-280-24 Congresswoman Lucy McBath (GA-07) seeks a staff member based in the
Metro Atlanta region for a position in her Duluth District Office.
Primary responsibilities include assisting constituents in resolving issues with
various federal agencies and representing the Congresswoman at meetings and
events throughout the district. Additionally, the staff member will play an active
role in creating constituent services events and coordinating site visits as well as
supporting the management of incoming and outgoing District Office
communications. Candidates with experience in the nonprofit, healthcare, or
public sectors are strongly encouraged to apply.
Successful applicants will:
• Be a team player who can work independently while managing multiple tasks
and projects
• Possess strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills
• Practice strong interpersonal skills with constituents, agencies, and
stakeholders
• Be willing to staff events and attend meetings outside of business hours as
necessary
• Reliably execute tasks and projects with great organization and attention to
detail
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, as well as
candidates with ties to Georgia.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
GA07Resumes@gmail.com with the subject line “Constituent Services and
Field Representative” no later than August 08, 2024.

Page 3 of 21

MEM-327-24 Congresswoman Lisa McClain (MI-09) seeks an experienced Communications
Director to join her Washington, D.C. office. This is not an entry-level position,
and candidates are expected to book the Member on national media weekly.
The Communications Director will manage a robust communications operation,
including franked communications, local and national press, and social media.
Primary responsibilities will include developing local and national press
strategy, booking and pitching stories, and preparing the Member for interviews.
The successful candidate will be expected to work closely with the Member,
Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and execute
a coordinated plan.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Drafting and distributing weekly e-newsletters.
• Managing the Franked mass communications portfolio.
• Drafting all press releases, statements, op-eds, speeches, and other
external messaging.
• Developing relationships with reporters and handling all TV and radio
bookings, emphasizing national media.
• Managing the office’s digital assets, including the website, social media
platforms, and subscriber lists.
• In-depth preparation of the Member for media appearances and public
speeches.
A successful candidate will have strong writing, proofreading, and editing skills,
experience pitching local and national media, the ability to identify themes and
topics that resonate with various audiences, and the ability to make wellinformed decisions.
Prior communications experience is required.
Michigan ties are preferred but not required.
Salary commensurate with experience.
To apply, please send an email with the subject line “Communications Director
– [NAME]” with your resume to: nick.hawatmeh@mail.house.gov and
jake.ronan@mail.house.gov.
MEM-325-24 The office of Rep. Glenn Ivey seeks a highly motivated, energetic, and detailoriented individual to serve as a Scheduler or Operations Director based in our
DC office.
The Scheduler/Operations Director serves as a key player of the team by
managing the Member’s time. This role reports to and works closely with the
Chief of Staff, but is expected to be a team player and coordinate closely with
the full team about the Member’s schedule.
Key duties include:
Page 4 of 21

● Collaborating with the Member, Chief of Staff, and district staff to determine
and finalize the Member’s daily schedule, long-term schedule, and briefing
materials (e.g., memos, talking points, and speeches)
● Evaluating and organizing all incoming meeting and event requests in
coordination with the Chief of Staff
● Communicating key information regarding the Member and the Member’s
schedule to staff
● Managing Member reimbursement program
● Working closely with both DC and District staff to ensure smooth daily office
operations
● Coordinating the Member’s travel arrangements as well as other staff travel
arrangements when necessary
● Maintaining and implementing administrative office files, policies, and
operating procedures to ensure effective office operation
Successful candidates will have 1-2 years of Scheduling/ Executive Assistant
experience, be highly motivated, eager to learn, able to work in a fast-paced
environment, and, have a problem-solving attitude. A valid driver’s license, safe
driving record, and regular access to a reliable vehicle are required.
The role is based in the Washington DC office. The pay range for this position is
$60,000-75,000, commensurate with experience. Title is also commensurate
with experience.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please email
md04resumes@gmail.com with “Scheduler/Ops Director” in the subject line and
the following application materials attached as one combined PDF:
● Cover letter
● Résumé
● Two references including name, current title and organization, phone number,
email, and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we
will not contact these references without reaching out to you for your approval)
No phone calls or drop bys, please.
MEM-322-24 Texas GOP Member Seeks Press Assistant
Texas GOP Member of Congress seeks a Press Assistant who is eager to join a
robust communications operation. This is not an entry-level position-- at least
six months to one year of relevant communications experience is required.
Required Skills
Excellent writing ability and attention to detail.
Page 5 of 21

Experience creating graphics and social media branding.
Duties
Develop and assist with press releases, talking points, op-eds, and other
materials as assigned.
Assist with maintaining the office’s website and social media accounts.
Create and edit videos and other digital material.
Monitor the Member's presence and interactions on social media.
Take photos/video at events and meeting.
Compile daily press clips.
Other duties as assigned.
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with
position noted in subject line.
MEM-321-24 Texas GOP Member Seeks Legislative Assistant
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
to develop and plan legislative initiatives;
to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor;
to meet with constituents and special interest groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
at least 1 year of legislative experience in a full-time, paid position or legislative
fellowship
strong academic credentials;
strong leadership and organizational skills;
excellent oral and written communication skills;
thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
ability to work well under pressure;
thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with
position noted in subject line.
MEM-320-24 A conservative Midwest Member of Congress has an immediate need to hire an
experienced full-time Legislative Assistant with a background in agriculture in
the Washington, D.C. office. Interested candidates are encouraged to email their
resume, cover letter, and references to ConservativeRep@mail.house.gov. Please
use ‘Legislative Assistant’ as the subject line, and in the body of the email,
please indicate where you found this job description.
Responsibilities
Page 6 of 21

This Legislative Assistant will serve as the Member's primary expert on
agriculture issues, as well as some other issue areas which will be assigned at the
time of employment. This position will work closely with the Legislative
Director and Chief of Staff to develop and execute a coordinated legislative
strategy for the Member. This position also prepares the Member for Committee
hearings and markups and attends meetings with constituents, visitors, and other
groups.
Preferred Qualifications (not a comprehensive list)
• Agriculture background
• Capitol Hill experience
• Great writer
• Proficient at Microsoft suite
• Detail oriented
• Multitasker
MEM-319-24 A conservative Indiana Member of Congress has an immediate need to hire a
Staff Assistant role for the Washington, D.C. office. Interested candidates are
encouraged to email a resume, cover letter, and references
to ConservativeRep@mail.house.gov. Please use ‘Staff Assistant’ in the subject
line, and, in the body of the email, please indicate where you found this job
description.
Expectations
The Staff Assistant will be expected to manage the front desk during office
hours, handle Capitol and White House tour requests, fulfill flag requests,
support the district office with administrative office needs, and assist the D.C.
office staff with work as assigned. Staff Assistants often provide the first
impression of the office to constituents, guests, and other groups. The
experiences gained in the Staff Assistant role provide a solid foundation to
advance into positions of increasing responsibility.
Preferred Qualifications (not a comprehensive list)
• Indiana ties preferred
• Great interpersonal skills
• Highly organized
• Multitasker
• Good writer
• Proficient at Microsoft suite
MEM-318-24 The office of Rep. Greg Landsman seeks a highly motivated, energetic, and
detail-oriented individual to serve as a Scheduler or Operations Director based
in our DC office.
The Scheduler/Operations Director serves as a key player of the team by
Page 7 of 21

managing the Member’s time. This role reports to and works closely with the
Chief of Staff, but is expected to be a team player and coordinate closely with
the full team about the Member’s schedule.
Key duties include:
Collaborating with the Member, Chief of Staff, and district staff to determine
and finalize the Member’s daily schedule, long-term schedule, and briefing
materials (e.g., memos, talking points, and speeches)
Evaluating and organizing all incoming meeting and event requests in
coordination with the Chief of Staff
Communicating key information regarding the Member and the Member’s
schedule to staff
Maintaining, developing, and managing office internship program in both the
district and DC offices
Managing Member reimbursement program
Working closely with both DC and District staff to ensure smooth daily office
operations
Coordinating the Member’s travel arrangements as well as other staff travel
arrangements when necessary
Maintaining and implementing administrative office files, policies, and
operating procedures to ensure effective office operation
Tracking staff vacation time and sick days
Successful candidates will be highly motivated, eager to learn, able to work in a
fast-paced environment, and have a problem-solving attitude. A valid driver’s
license, safe driving record, and regular access to a reliable vehicle are required.
The role is based in the Washington DC office. The pay range for this position is
$60,000-75,000, commensurate with experience. Title is also commensurate
with experience.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please
email Leslie.Grubb@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler/Ops Director” in the
subject line and the following application materials attached as one combined
PDF:
Cover letter
Résumé
Two references including name, current title and organization, phone number,
email, and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we
will not contact these references without reaching out to you for your approval)
No phone calls or drop bys, please.
Page 8 of 21

MEM-317-24 Congresswoman Mikie Sherrill (NJ-11th) has an opening for a Constituent
Services Caseworker/Field Representative in her Livingston district office.
Primary responsibilities include handling a large docket of constituent casework;
interacting with constituents and government agencies; and representing the
Congresswoman at community events. Federal casework areas will include
immigration casework. Spanish language fluency is an advantage.
This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working cohesive
team and to make a difference in the lives of others. The ideal candidate is selfmotivated, great at multi-tasking, has a strong desire to help people, and has
excellent interpersonal and writing skills. This is a full-time position with federal
benefits.
Applicants must have a car and NJ driver’s license and a clean driving record.
This position requires frequent travel throughout the district and flexible hours,
including nights and weekends. To apply please send resume, cover letter and
references to Jill Hirsch at resumes.nj11@mail.house.gov
No calls or drop-ins. The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
MEM-315-24 The Office of Congressman Don Davis seeks a Staff Assistant for his
Greenville, North Carolina office. This position will support the daily operations
of the Congressman’s district office.
Responsibilities include:
- Operating and managing all aspects of a busy Congressional front office and
reception area.
- Managing and responding to incoming meeting requests under the supervision
of the District Director.
- Tracking and reporting office metrics.
- Providing general administrative support as needed, including logging and
tracking correspondence and constituent requests.
- Drafting statements and general correspondence.
- Coordinating technology support with the tech team.
- Managing the district office intern program.
- Setting up and breaking down for meetings.
- Managing registration tables and booths at fairs.
- Performing other duties as assigned by the District Director.
- Ability to work flexible hours, including occasional Saturdays and weeknights
for events.
Qualifications:
Page 9 of 21

- Commitment to public service.
- Strong attention to detail and ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
- Ability to work effectively as part of a team.
- Organized and solution-oriented mindset.
- Customer service experience is preferred;
- Prior government experience is a plus.
- Familiarity with Eastern North Carolina and ties to the First Congressional
District preferred.
- Computer skills, including proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel,
PowerPoint, Outlook) and Google Workspace (Docs, Sheets, etc.).
- Bachelor’s Degree or 5 five years of experience; or equivalent combination of
education and experience.
- Application Process: Review of applications will commence immediately, with
interviews to follow shortly, aiming for a swift hiring process. Interested
applicants are urged to apply promptly.
- We welcome candidates from diverse backgrounds. Our office is an equal
opportunity employer committed to enforcing non-discrimination protections
based on race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, or national origin.
The Office of Congressman Donald G. Davis is committed to sharing the stories
and advocating daily for the people of eastern North Carolina, ensuring our
constituents are recognized and heard in Washington, D.C. Our mission is to
improve the lives of all families, foster hope, and ensure that eastern North
Carolinians never feel forgotten.
To Apply: Submit a resume, cover letter, and three references (including name,
title, organization, contact details, and your relationship with them) in a single
PDF to nc01resumes@gmail.com. Use the subject line: “Your Full Name – Staff
Assistant.”
MEM-314-24 The Community Liaison will serve as primary liaison to designated NYC
Community Boards and community groups and assist with operational functions
of the Manhattan District Office of Congressman Jerrold Nadler. The Liaison
will exercise his/her judgment in making strategic decisions about the Member’s
involvement and position on various community issues, in consultation with the
District Director and Chief of Staff.
The Community Liaison staff member reports to the District Director. Must have
strong writing, listening and communications skills, be able to attend evening or
weekend meetings, and be well-organized. Previous experience and familiarity
with the district preferred. Salary range is $45,000-$65,000. Position begins
immediately. Please e-mail resume and cover letter to: "Community Liaison
Position" at ny12.job@mail.house.gov by August 5, 2024. NO PHONE CALLS.
This position is exempt from protections provided under the Fair Labor
Standards Act. Ranking Member Nadler is committed to, and benefits from, a
diverse staff, and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Page 10 of 21

Ranking Member Nadler’s office does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-305-24 The Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) seeks a Legislative
Correspondent for his Washington, DC office. Constituent correspondence is a
priority for Congressman Thanedar, and this individual will interact with
constituents and help shape the Congressman’s stance on current events. A
successful candidate will be extremely organized, an excellent writer, a
proactive self-starter, a strategic thinker, and able to work collaboratively as part
of a close-knit team. Candidates with Capitol Hill experience and Michigan ties
are a plus.
Responsibilities include:
• Managing the office’s constituent correspondence program, which
includes drafting individually tailored letters, and generalized “form”
letters
• Consulting with the legislative and communications teams to ensure that
constituent correspondence aligns with the Congressman’s policy stances
• Managing a small legislative portfolio, with issue areas assigned based
on office need and candidate preference
• Directing the office’s intern and fellow programs
• Completing general administrative tasks and special projects as assigned
by the Member
Our office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample to
hr.thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line "Legislative Correspondent –
Last Name.”
MEM-299-24 Rep. Robert C. “Bobby” Scott (VA-03) is seeking a Legislative Assistant to
join his Washington, D.C. office. This role will primarily cover judiciary issues.
Candidates should have excellent organizational, strategic, writing and
communications skills. This is not an entry level position; one to two years of
congressional experience is preferred.
Essential Job Functions:
Tracks and develops legislation in assigned issue areas via district news,
committee, and floor activity and keeps the member informed
Prepares and staffs the Member for events, speeches, and floor activity in
assigned issue areas
Page 11 of 21

Acts as a liaison with stakeholders, committee, and constituents
Builds and maintains relationships with Congressional staff, stakeholders, and
community leaders
District ties considered. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, gender identity, or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. Materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Please email
a cover letter, resumé, and one brief writing sample in a single PDF to
jobs.va03@mail.house.gov - with subject line [Full Name - Legislative
Assistant]. *Salary commensurate with experience.
Closing date: Friday, August 9, 2024
MEM-292-24 Congresswoman Lizzie Fletcher (TX-7) seeks a positive, well-organized, and
detail-oriented Senior Legislative Assistant for the Washington, DC office.
The Senior LA position will handle a comprehensive portfolio of policy issues
with a focus on flooding and infrastructure, judiciary, and technology and
telecommunications.
Ideal candidates will possess a strong understanding of the legislative process,
work well in a team environment, have excellent writing skills and attention to
detail, and be able to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment.
Responsibilities include drafting legislation and legislative memos, monitoring
committee and floor activities, advancing legislative initiatives, staffing the
Congresswoman at committee and in meetings, working with the outreach team
in district, drafting speeches, and building relationships with constituent groups
and advocacy organizations.
This is not an entry level position. Texas ties are encouraged but not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Interested candidates should email their cover letter, resume, writing sample, and
references to TX07.hiring@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Senior
Legislative Assistant.” No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-290-24 Rep. Dina Titus seeks an organized and detail-oriented Staff Assistant for her
Washington, D.C. office. Primary responsibilities include managing the front
office, answering and logging telephone calls, managing constituent requests
for flags and tours, assisting with constituent correspondence, recruiting and
Page 12 of 21

managing interns, supporting legislative and communications staff, and other
administrative duties.
Candidates should be motivated self-starters with excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal communication skills, strong organizational skills, demonstrate
an ability to think quickly when troubleshooting, and maintain a positive
demeanor in a busy environment. Capitol Hill or other relevant experience is
preferred.
Candidates with a diverse background, Nevada state ties, and Spanishlanguage proficiency are strongly encouraged to apply. Rep. Titus is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Those interested in applying should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and one
short writing samples to NV01Jobs@gmail.com subject: “Staff Assistant”.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis and will remain open until the
position is filled.
MEM-287-24 Texas GOP Member of Congress seeks a Press Assistant who is eager to join
a robust communications operation. This is not an entry-level position-- at
least six months to one year of relevant communications experience is
required.
Required Skills
Excellent writing ability and attention to detail.
Experience creating graphics and social media branding.
Duties
*Develop and assist with press releases, talking points, op-eds, and other
materials as assigned.
*Assist with maintaining the office’s website and social media accounts.
*Create and edit videos and other digital material.
*Monitor the Member's presence and interactions on social media.
*Take photos/video at events and meeting.
*Compile daily press clips.
*Other duties as assigned.
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with
position noted in subject line.
MEM-278-24 Congresswoman Dina Titus (D-NV-1) is seeking an experienced Digital
Director/Press Assistant to lead digital media efforts in a fast-paced
Washington, D.C. office, and to assist the Senior Communications Advisor
with press engagement.
Page 13 of 21

We are looking for a self-starting professional with a strong background in
political communications, social media management, and online outreach.
The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of implementing digital
strategies to bolster the Member’s online presence, while also amplifying their
policy record. This is not an entry-level position, and a successful candidate
must have at least 2 years of communications experience in a relevant setting.
Key Responsibilities:
Strategic Communications: Develop and execute strategic communication
plans in collaboration with senior staff and the legislative team, ensuring
alignment with the Congresswoman's priorities and legislative initiatives.
*Social Media Management: Manage the Congresswoman's social media
presence, including developing engaging content (videos, photos, and other
new media), clipping interviews, and creating graphics for various platforms.
*Website Maintenance: Ensure that the office website features timely and
relevant content.
*Content Creation: Develop and edit videos, photos, and other digital content;
and assist the Senior Communications Advisor with drafting talking points,
speeches, press releases, op-eds, and other materials in the Congresswoman's
voice.
*Media Outreach: Assist the Senior Communications Advisor with pitching
the Congresswoman to both local and national TV, radio, and print media,
positioning her effectively on key issues.
*Event Planning: Assist the Senior Communications Advisor with planning
and managing press conferences, tele-townhalls, roundtables, and other events
in both Washington, D.C., and the district.
Qualifications:
Exceptional Communication Skills: Strong writing, editing, and proofreading
skills.
*Media Proficiency: Deep understanding of broadcast and online media.
Experience: At least 2 years of experience in developing communication
strategy for elected officials, government agencies, non-profit organizations,
or similar entities.
*Team Player: Expertise in advising others on communication strategy and
the ability to work effectively with a team and Member of Congress.
*Deadline-Oriented: Capable of producing communications materials under
tight deadlines.
*Strategic Thinker: Politically savvy and skilled at navigating challenging
situations with the press and staff.
*Adaptability: Ability to work flexible hours, including long hours, nights,
and weekends, as needed.
*Constructive Feedback: Willingness to accept performance-based criticism
and direction.
*Relationship Building: Ability to maintain positive working relationships
with the Congresswoman, staff, and media professionals.
Page 14 of 21

Equal Opportunity Employer: Our office is committed to promoting diversity
and inclusivity. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship
status, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age,
disability, or military status.
To Apply: Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two
writing samples to NV01jobs@gmail.com with "Application: Rep. Titus Digital
Director/Press Assistant" in the subject line.
MEM-273-24 Investigator (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced investigative professional for an investigator position. The
Committee’s investigator is responsible for assisting the Committee in all aspects
of its investigative work, including public source research, legal research,
forensic accounting, document review, data collection and analysis, and witness
interviews. The investigator will also draft and edit Committee documents.
This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to assist with impartial
investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding organizational, research, and analytical skills, as well as the
sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the
Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable:
government ethics, background investigations, legal services, or financial
accounting.
The salary range for this position is $68,405 to $70,685. Please email resume,
cover letter, and a short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please
include the phrase “Investigator” in the subject line.
MEM-270-24 SUMMARY:
The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone and answers
constituent requests for general information, tours, and other inquiries. When the
Congressman is in the district, the Staff Assistant assumes primary responsibility
for driving and staffing the Congressman at off-site appointments. This position
also monitors delivery and pickup of materials, maintains the front office, and
assists with various administrative and constituent service duties. The staff
assistant also oversees the district internship program. The salary for this position
is $55,000.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Drives and staffs the Congressman at all district events;
*Records all of the Congressman’s remarks and interviews while out in the
district and coordinates with the Communications team;
*Supports the district casework team by assisting with casework intake, tracking,
and follow up with constituents;
Page 15 of 21

*Answers and screens telephone calls for the Congressman and other staff
members;
*Greets and screens visitors;
*Assists persons who have appointments with the Congressman or other staff
members and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the
Congressman's appointments are on time;
*Hires and trains all interns in the Newton and Attleboro district offices;
*Responds to requests for constituent service information;
*Maintains literature regarding the district and House offices for distribution to
visitors;
*Orders all office supplies and maintains office equipment;
*Checks the office voicemail;
*Ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member
in a timely manner;
*Documents visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff and
constituents;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment with respect to
prioritization of work flow and fulfillment of responsibilities in a dynamic and
fluid work environment;
*Excellent organizational, writing, and proofreading skills;
*Ability to perform essential job functions above;
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant and professional manner;
*Access to a car and a clean driving record;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample in a single
PDF to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with “First Name Last Name—DO
Staff Assistant” in the Subject Line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling
basis. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status, or
any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

Page 16 of 21

MEM-238-24

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full-time Staff Assistant in
her Washington, DC office.
The staff assistant will work closely with the chief of staff and the scheduler, and
responsibilities include managing the front office and welcoming constituents and
other visitors; driving the Member; processing incoming mail, phone calls, and
constituent requests including tours and flags; managing the intern program;
greeting visitors; providing administrative support for the office including
support for events; and other duties assisting the staff and Member as assigned.
Applicants should be detail-oriented, proactive, calm under pressure, able to
exercise discretion, eager to work in a fast-paced office, and willing to work
flexible hours when the Member is in DC. Strong communication, logistical,
interpersonal, and organizational skills are essential.
Applicants must have a valid driver’s license, a clean driving record, and be
comfortable driving in DC. Access to personal car preferred, although not
required. This role provides a unique entry level opportunity to work closely with
a senior Member of Congress.
TO APPLY: please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (1-2 pages), and
two reference contacts in a single pdf file
to Daniel.Robillard@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant: [Your
name (First/Last)]” No calls or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and encourages all qualified candidates to apply.
Connecticut ties are a plus.

MEM-236-24

Congresswoman Sylvia Garcia seeks a Communications Director/Press
Secretary for her DC office. The position requires some travel to the district to
support media relations and press events and supervises a talented
communications team. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply as soon as
possible.
Job Expectations:
The Communications Director/Press Secretary is expected to work closely with
the Chief of Staff, Legislative Director and District Director to develop and
execute a comprehensive and aggressive strategic plan to inform constituents and
the media on issues that are important to the Congresswoman. This includes
making media pitches, organizing press events, and reviewing, drafting, and
finalizing statements, remarks/speeches, press releases, media advisories, and
other messaging (e.g., social media). Finally, the Communications Director/Press
Secretary will work closely with and manage other members of the
communications team, including the DC-based speechwriter and the districtbased communications assistant.
Ideal candidates will be bilingual in Spanish, demonstrate a successful track
record of communications experience, and have supervisory experience.
Page 17 of 21

The Office of Congresswoman Garcia is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. We strongly value the diversity
of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and 1-2 short writing
samples to TX29Jobs@Gmail.com with “Communications” in the subject line.
The title and salary are commensurate with experience.
MEM-180-24

Congressman Steven Horsford’s District Office is seeking to hire a full-time
District Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team.
Job Summary:
Under the supervision of the District Director, the District Representative acts as
the representative for the Member. District Representative responsibilities include
strengthening relationships with key stakeholders, as well as attending
engagements on behalf of the Member. Caseworker responsibilities include
helping constituents resolve problems with federal agencies through written and
verbal communication.
Responsibilities:
Outreach Responsibilities:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals.
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities.
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders.
•Organize and participate in community events, town halls, and outreach
campaigns to engage constituents.
Casework Responsibilities:
•Act as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility,
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies.
•Handle casework assignments and assess casework for problems requiring
legislative action, making recommendations to the District Director and Chief of
Staff.
•Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents.
Communications and Professionalism:
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents.
•Accept performance-based criticism and directions.
•Work well under pressure and handle stress.

Page 18 of 21

•Work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
•Perform other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
•Political knowledge and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer
service manners; public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional
nights, weekends and some holidays.
Benefits:
•Comprehensive health insurance coverage, including medical, dental, and vision
plans.
•Paid annual and sick leave.
•Thrift Savings Plan Retirement program.
•Student Loan Repayment.
•Health and Wellness programs.
•Transit Benefits.
•House Professional Development programs.
•Employee purchasing/government discounts
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with District 4 community is preferred.
Application Instructions:
This is a full-time position based in the North Las Vegas district office. Salary is
competitive and commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, individuals
with disabilities, and veteran
are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples
(no longer than two pages) and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with "District Representative,” [Last Name,
First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-155-24

PRESS SECRETARY- The Office of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03)
seeks an experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates must be able to manage media relations, press opportunities, and
messaging for a senior member of Congress. This role reports to the
Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active
relationships with top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience
will receive preferred consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
Page 19 of 21

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations,
messaging, and risk management.
•Advance press events and staff the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current
relationships with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the office’s larger
communications strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who
does not discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex
(including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation,
marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee
organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit
factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as candidates from
underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.
MEM-135-24

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
Page 20 of 21

•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Page 21 of 21

