House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 14, 2015

MEM-440-15

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) is seeking a Staff Assistant in his
Washington, D.C. office beginning immediately. General responsibilities
include greeting constituents, answering constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building tours, processing flag requests,
organizing supplies and inventory, and assisting staff with administrative and
legislative tasks.
Candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Social media and other
communications experience a strong plus. Successful candidates will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be able to work both independently
and as part of a team.
Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy
topics as well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties
strongly preferred. Those interested please send your resume and cover letter
to ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.
Page 1 of 3

MEM-438-15

Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include:
answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of
committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up
committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with
accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve
all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan
activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a
professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in
Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously
with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and
requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-430-15

Senior Democrat seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individual
with excellent oral and written communication skills for a Staff Assistant
position in the Washington, DC office. Individuals should demonstrate strong
interpersonal skills, be comfortable with managing multiple tasks, and have a
strong work ethic. Responsibilities include managing the front office,
answering and screening telephone calls, greeting visitors, coordinating tour
requests for visiting constituents, managing flag requests, supervising and
coordinating the intern program, and assisting staff. Capitol Hill experience
preferred. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Email cover letter
and resume to employ@mail.house.gov.

MEM-418-15

Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) is seeking a Communications Assistant in
Washington, D.C., to assist with the Member’s external communications
efforts. Responsibilities will include drafting media advisories and press
releases; collating daily press clips and morning headlines; creating content
for the Member’s social media accounts; graphic design projects; drafting
constituent mail and managing the constituent mail program.
The ideal candidate will be creative, have excellent written and oral
communication skills, be strongly proficient with digital and social media
platforms, be an energetic and a detail-oriented team player able to multi-task
and produce high-quality work on tight deadlines. Graphic and/or video
editing skills are highly preferred. Michiganders are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Please e-mail resume, cover letter and two writing samples (no more than 1page each) to michigan05jobs@gmail.com (subject line should read:
Communications Assistant Application). No telephone calls, emails or walkins, please.

Page 2 of 3

MEM-368-15

New England Democrat seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highlyorganized Staff Assistant for Washington, DC office. Responsibilities
include managing front office operations, overseeing intern program, serving
as confidential assistant to Chief of Staff and Member, driving Member to
meetings and appointments, supporting Member’s daily activities, providing
assistance to scheduling and legislative teams, and other tasks as assigned.
Access to a vehicle and a clean driving record is required. New England ties
preferred. Applicants should submit cover letter, resume, and brief writing
sample to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-bys.

MEM-331-15

House Committee Democratic staff seeks a detail-oriented Committee Clerk/
Administrator to handle committee legislative clerk responsibilities as well
as office administrator/payroll work. Hill experience strictly required,
preferably 2+ years -- this is not an entry-level position. Committee
legislative clerk, hearing coordination, or similar experience strongly
preferred, familiarity with Congressional payroll and Hill office
administrative work a strong plus. Please e-mail your résumé and cover letter
to demcommitteejob@mail.house.gov. No phone calls, please.

Page 3 of 3

