House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 20, 2015
MEM-110-15

Midwestern Democrat seeks Legislative Correspondent with strong research,
writing, organizational and communications skills. Qualified candidates will
have experience working in the House, a strong understanding of the
legislative process and have worked with IQ. This position will be responsible
for researching and drafting responses to constituents, building and
maintaining constituent group mailing lists, and managing some legislative
issues.
Resumes and cover letters should be submitted by c.o.b. May 1 to
job.app@mail.house.gov.

MEM-108-15

Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives seeks a prolific
writer. The writer will be responsible for writing in the Member’s unique
voice for a weekly newsletter, op-eds, speeches, floor statements, press
releases and more.
The successful candidate may have decades of writing experience or s/he may
be a gifted recent graduate who can adeptly turn a phrase. An ability to digest
Page 1 of 3

complicated policies and turn them into short and concise articles or
statements is a necessity. The qualified applicant will have the ability to work
and thrive in a fast-paced environment with short deadlines. Basic
knowledge and understanding of web site technology for producing and
sending newsletter is a must.
Please submit a resume and several types of writing samples to:
job.app@mail.house.gov by close of business May 1st.
MEM-104-15

Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include:
answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee
correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee
meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a
non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants
must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner;
good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to
work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment
in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily
tasks and projects.
Applicant Instructions:
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-098-15

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a
health care professional with expert knowledge of drug interactions,
pathology, and general issues regarding quality of care to serve as a
Committee Investigator. Clinical experience and/or healthcare-related
investigatory background preferred. Veterans with requisite experience
strongly encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send their cover
letter, resume, references and writing samples to
VAR.Resumes@Mail.house.gov with “Health Care Investigator” in the subject
line. No walk-ins please.

MEM-097-15

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a
federal contracting professional with expert knowledge of federal statutes and
regulations pertaining to acquisitions and procurement to serve as a
Committee Investigator. At least 5 years of federal government acquisitions
and procurement experience preferred, as is experience with facility
construction contracts. Veterans with requisite experience are strongly
encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send their cover letter,
Page 2 of 3

resume, references and writing samples to VAR.Resumes@Mail.house.gov
with “Contract Investigator” in the subject line. No walk-ins please.
MEM-092-15

California Democrat (Rep. Jerry McNerney) seeks experienced
communications director to develop and execute aggressive, proactive longterm media and outreach strategy.
Responsibilities include serving as chief spokesperson, successfully pitching
stories and press events to both national and local media outlets, responding to
media inquiries, effectively messaging policy and other priorities, maintaining
an active new media profile, and writing press releases, op-eds, speeches,
talking points, and franked mail.
Excellent written and oral communication skills, strong editing and
proofreading abilities, and the desire to work collaboratively with a team in a
fast-paced environment are required.
Candidate must be comfortable working closely with the Member and staff.
Ideal candidate would be politically astute and have a good sense of humor.
Desired qualities include the ability to respond to challenging situations
quickly and strategically.
This position requires non-traditional hours and travel to the District.
California ties, Hill experience, and Spanish literacy are a plus. Qualified
applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing samples to:
McNerneyResumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop ins, please.

MEM-091-15

The Democratic staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
is seeking a mid-level Health Counsel with 5 to 10 years of congressional
experience on health policy issues including ACA, Medicare, and Medicaid.
Attorneys with investigative or litigation experience are preferred. Candidates
with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov. Please
no phone calls.

Page 3 of 3

