________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 9, 2021

MEM-314-21

The Office of Congresswoman Julia Brownley (CA-26) seeks Press Assistant to
support a very active, Washington, DC office. This individual reports to the
Communications Director and will be responsible for creating content for social
media platforms, recording and editing video, and updating the website. In
addition, the staff member will produce daily clips, draft press releases, assist
with responding to press inquiries, compile and update press lists.
Candidates will be creative and strong writers who understand social media
trends. This individual will have experience with photography, graphic creation,
and video editing. Previous digital communications experience on Capitol Hill, a
campaign, or at a communications firm is strongly preferred. The ideal candidate
is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multitask, and willing to work long hours in a
fast-paced and demanding setting. Spanish fluency and Southern California ties
are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, a writing sample, and
two examples of graphics or other digital communications work
to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with “Press Assistant: Last Name, First Name” in
the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply.

Page 1 of 16

MEM-312-21

Chairwoman of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks
to fill Professional Staff Member position on the Committee. Duties include
oversight of manufacturing and innovation programs within the Committee’s
jurisdiction, outreach to stakeholder groups, researching and drafting legislation,
staffing hearings, and preparing memoranda, statements, and speeches for
Majority Members.
Applicants should have experience in at least one or both of the following subject
matter areas: 1) manufacturing innovation and policy, 2) technology,
manufacturing, and innovation activities carried out by the Department of
Commerce. All applicants should possess strong writing, organizational, and
communication skills; the capacity to articulate technical and policy issues clearly
and concisely; and the ability to meet tight deadlines.
The ideal candidate will have significant Capitol Hill or relevant government or
industry experience. An advanced degree or technical background is a plus, but
not required.
Please send a cover letter and resume to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This not
an entry-level position.

MEM-306-21

Summary:
Congresswoman Kay Granger is seeking a caseworker to join her staff. This
position acts as a liaison between federal agencies and the Congresswoman and
constituents.
Education:
Ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree or equivalent. Education can be
substituted with at least 3 years of related experience or training in legislation or
equivalent experience.
Skills and Knowledge Required:
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments
•Familiarity with Texas Congressional District 12 is a plus
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities
•Excellent interpersonal skills
•Exceptional time management
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, procedures, and computer applications
Page 2 of 16

Job Functions:
•Handles casework assignments from a variety of federal agencies including, but
not limited to:
Social Security
•IRS
•Veterans Affairs
•Assess casework for issues
•Screens casework and when necessary assigns to appropriate offices
•Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and telephone calls related to casework
•Meets attendance requirements established by the office
•Accepts performance-based criticism and direction
•Works well under pressure and handles stress well
•Assist in planning and organizing casework roundtables between North Texas
caseworkers and federal agencies
•Review and learn federal regulations that affect constituents in the area
•Review and learn state regulations that may overlap with federal casework
•Attend local, state, and nationwide casework briefings
•Maintain professional relationships with agency contacts and other area
caseworkers
•Maintain up to date files on all cases
•Periodically update congresswoman with relevant casework trends or cases
•Flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends
•Perform other duties as assigned
Working Conditions:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment
•Ability to work in a shared office space without an expectation of privacy
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume
to josie.flores@mail.house.gov and charlie.cripliver@mail.house.gov.
MEM-304-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a Civil
Rights Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering civil rights issues in
education and employment.
Candidates should have familiarity with educational and employment federal
civil rights laws, such as Title VI and Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
and Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. Knowledge of the EEOC,
OFCCP and federal statutes and policies and how they impact civil rights in
education and employment is preferred.
Applicants should have a law degree and experience working with an
organization, Congress, or government agency addressing civil rights. Duties will
include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical assistance
to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing
Page 3 of 16

written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of
committee proceedings and events related to civil rights. Salary range is between
$75,000 and $100,000, commensurate with experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Civil Rights Counsel Position" in the subject line. Please apply no later than
August 20, 2021.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-301-21

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs,
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations seeks a Professional Staff
Member to join a small team. The PSM will report to the Subcommittee Staff
Director.
The position’s responsibilities include conducting oversight and investigations,
tracking legislative and policy developments, conducting site visits, developing
and drafting legislation, and engaging with stakeholders and whistleblowers.
Qualified candidates will have strong research, writing, and communications
skills with a demonstrated ability to work on a team, execute events, and work on
competing projects and priorities. This is not an entry-level position. Hill
experience is strongly preferred.
Exceptional candidates will have strong knowledge and experience in the
legislative process including planning and executing Committee hearings, writing
memoranda and correspondence, and briefing Members of Congress. Knowledge
and experience in Department of Veterans Affairs policies and operations,
congressional oversight of federal programs, investigations of fraud, waste, and
abuse, and working with whistleblowers are a plus. Salary range is 65-85k,
commensurate with experience.
Application: All candidates are required to complete an online application
(https://veterans.house.gov/opportunities) to be considered. Candidates should
upload a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and diversity & inclusion
statement.
The diversity & inclusion statement should be 250 words or less and: 1) Explain
how your past personal and/or professional experiences have contributed to your
growth in understanding diversity, equity, and inclusion, and/or 2) Explain how
you plan to engage in diversity, equity and inclusion matters in this role.
Applications will not be considered complete if there is no diversity & inclusion
statement.

Page 4 of 16

MEM-300-21

PRESS AND DIGITAL MANAGER/LEGISLATIVE CORRESPONDENT
– Senior Northeastern House Democrat seeks Press and Digital
Manager/Legislative Correspondent.
This role will support all aspects of a demanding communications operation, with
responsibilities including but not limited to drafting press materials such as
releases, background memos, talking points and op-eds; creating content for paid
and organic social media on various platforms; and maintaining the website. The
press and digital manager/legislative correspondent will also execute the office’s
mail program, with assistance from Legislative Fellows, interns, and the Staff
Assistant.
The ideal candidate will have demonstrated interest and experience in
communications and Democratic politics; proficiency with a variety of graphic
design and video production tools; capability of meeting tight deadlines; strong
written and oral communications skills; and the ability to think creatively and
strategically.
Starting annual salary: $50,000. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two
professional writing samples and two digital content samples
to democratic.hilljob@gmail.com. Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer
committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment. Women, candidates of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.

MEM-290-21

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced and well-organized Scheduler for the Representative’s Washington,
D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Developing, coordinating, and managing all aspects of the Representative’s
daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the district, as well as tracking,
evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests;
●Coordinating all travel for the Representative and her staff, filing travel receipts,
and other logistical support tasks as required;
●Working closely with and supporting the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, District Director, and Communications Director to ensure
smooth daily schedules and operations.
The ideal candidate will be:
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●A hard worker with excellent attention to detail;
●Adept at juggling complex schedules, competing priorities;
●Able to anticipate problems, seek solutions, and effectively communicate them
to the Representative and her staff;

Page 5 of 16

●Able to work long hours, including some nights and weekends;
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
This is not an entry-level position; 2-4 years of work experience are desired.
Applicants with prior work experience as a Scheduler, as well as experience in
fast-paced operational roles, are highly preferred.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and
references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-290-21

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced and well-organized Scheduler for the Representative’s Washington,
D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Developing, coordinating, and managing all aspects of the Representative’s
daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the district, as well as tracking,
evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests;
●Coordinating all travel for the Representative and her staff, filing travel receipts,
and other logistical support tasks as required;
●Working closely with and supporting the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, District Director, and Communications Director to ensure
smooth daily schedules and operations.
The ideal candidate will be:
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●A hard worker with excellent attention to detail;
●Adept at juggling complex schedules, competing priorities;
●Able to anticipate problems, seek solutions, and effectively communicate them
to the Representative and her staff;
●Able to work long hours, including some nights and weekends;
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
This is not an entry-level position; 2-4 years of work experience are desired.
Applicants with prior work experience as a Scheduler, as well as experience in
fast-paced operational roles, are highly preferred.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and

Page 6 of 16

members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and
references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-287-21

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking a Legislative
Assistant to handle a broad portfolio centered around labor, jobs, trade and
economic issues.
This position will be the lead staff person for Congresswoman Jayapal’s
membership on the Select Committee on Economic Disparity and Fairness in
Growth as well as the primary staff person for Congresswoman Jayapal’s labor
portfolio for the Education and Labor Committee.
This position requires the ability to advance Congresswoman Jayapal's legislative
priorities and other progressive policies in their issue portfolio. The ideal
candidate will possess strong strategic thinking, planning and execution skills.
Additionally, candidates should have strong oral and written communication
skills and the ability to work well under pressure.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Driving current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as speeches,
policy memos, and factsheets;
●Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for relevant committee hearing and
markups; drafting hearing remarks and questions;
●Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
●Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and
Committee offices; and
●Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
●3 - 5 years of relevant experience including policy development and analysis;
issue advocacy; and strategic planning;
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●Excellent writing and time management skills;
●Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
appropriate for the office;
●Poised, level-headed, flexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
Page 7 of 16

disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.
Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
references in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Assistant: [Applicant’s First and Last Name]” in the subject line. No calls or
drop-ins please.
MEM-280-21

Midwestern Democrat seeking an organized, detail-oriented individual to serve in
the position of Staff Assistant in a fast-paced and highly collaborative Capitol
Hill office. Responsibilities include staffing and managing the front office,
managing mail intake, answering and managing the phone system, greeting
visitors, handling tour and flag requests, assisting staff during and after office
hours, providing administrative support to the Administrative Director, and
providing additional office support as needed.
While this is an entry-level position, candidates should have excellent oral and
written communication skills, great attention to detail, strong time management
skills, an ability to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines, and a sense of
humor. Capitol Hill and/or customer service experience are strongly preferred.
Midwest and Great Lakes ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and women, people of color,
members of the LGBTQ+ community, and members of other traditionally
underrepresented communities are STRONGLY encouraged to apply. Please
send resume, cover letter, and writing sample in one PDF document
to: midwestern.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-278-21

Rep. Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a Legislative Assistant in her
Washington, DC office. The Legislative Assistant will support the Member’s
work on the Energy & Commerce Health Subcommittee and cover a portfolio
that includes health care, reproductive rights, family services|child welfare, and
other issues.
Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, policy letters, memos, and
talking points, preparing for and staffing committee hearings, making vote
recommendations, meeting and maintaining relationships with constituents and
advocacy groups, working closely with the communications team and district
staff, advancing a number of the Member’s legislative priorities, and other tasks
as required. The position requires strong written and oral communication skills,
the ability to manage multiple priorities at one time, and the ability to work
collaboratively in a team environment.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least 2-3 years of
Capitol Hill or relevant policy experience, be highly motivated, detail-oriented
Page 8 of 16

professionals with strong organizational and time-management skills, as well as
positive attitudes, and pride in work. In addition, candidates should have a strong
understanding of the legislative process, coalition building, and have the ability to
maintain strategic relationships with constituent organizations, and should be
comfortable managing multiple priorities in a fast paced environment.
Los Angeles Metro Area|Southern California ties and Spanish language skills are
a plus. Salary will be commensurate with skills and experience.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, two references, and two
writing samples with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-274-21

Active Democratic House Member seeks a Staff Assistant to serve in the
Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidate will be a motivated self-starter with
outstanding interpersonal, customer service, time-management, and
organizational skills.
Primary responsibilities include: answering and logging telephone calls; front of
office operations; recruiting and managing interns; managing constituent requests
for flags and tours; assisting the Communications Director; assisting with
constituent mail responses and other administrative duties.
Ideal candidates will have relevant experience and demonstrate the ability to
think on their feet to solve problems; show keen attention to detail; demonstrate
excellent oral and written skills; maintain a positive demeanor; hold a clean
driving record; and demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates with California ties are preferred but not required.
Please submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF document
to ca07jobs@gmail.com with “DC Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No walkins or phone calls.

MEM-273-21

The Office of Rep. Karen Bass seeks an organized and detail-oriented Director
of Operations for the Washington, DC office.

Page 9 of 16

This role manages all aspects of the Member's and Chief of Staff’s daily and
long-term schedule in DC and in the District, office administration (including
finances, travel, etc.). This individual will work closely with the Member, Chief
of Staff, DC and District staff. Qualified candidates will have strong
communications and multi-tasking skills and will work well on a team.
The ideal candidate will have prior administrative and scheduling experience on
the Hill or comparable work environment. Candidate must be well-organized,
detail-oriented, team-oriented, self-motivated, comfortable working in a fastpaced environment focused on serving constituents. Candidate must also have
comfort interfacing with a principal. Salary is commensurate with experience.
To apply, please email your cover letter, resume, and references
to CA37.HR@mail.house.gov.
MEM-268-21

The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis in the U.S. House of
Representatives conducts investigations to ensure the nation’s response to the
coronavirus crisis is efficient, effective, and equitable.
Chairman James E. Clyburn seeks to fill a Counsel or Professional Staff
position on the Majority staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney or policy
professional with several years of investigative or litigation experience.
Responsibilities include leading investigations, conducting depositions and
transcribed interviews, preparing for hearings, and drafting reports.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Please send a resume and cover letter
to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel / Professional Staff” in the subject
line.

MEM-267-21

The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis in the U.S. House of
Representatives conducts investigations to ensure the nation’s response to the
coronavirus crisis is efficient, effective, and equitable. Chairman James E.
Clyburn seeks to fill a Staff Assistant and Clerk position on the Majority staff.
The ideal candidate will be an enthusiastic and organized self-starter with
previous experience working or interning on Capitol Hill. Responsibilities
include editing letters, monitoring phone lines, maintaining correspondence files
and other records, hosting meetings, and supporting staff on all aspects of
hearings, briefings, and other events. Occasional assistance with research and
writing may also be required.

Page 10 of 16

Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior organization skills and attention to detail,
work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills. Please send a resume and cover letter
to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with “Staff Assistant and Clerk” in the subject
line.
MEM-265-21

Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03), a member of the House Armed Services
Committee, House Foreign Affairs Committee, and House Small Business
Committee seeks a hard-working Constituent Services Representative to serve
in his Willingboro or Toms River offices.
The Constituent Services Representative is a field representative and caseworker
on behalf of the Congressman that acts as a liaison to various federal, state and
local agencies, assesses problems and finds solutions in a professional manner
and screens and refers cases, as appropriate.
Ideal candidates will have experience managing casework, be exceptionally wellorganized and attentive to detail, be able to adhere to established casework
processes, have strong oral and written communication skills, excel at time
management and be able to maintain good working relationships with the
Congressman, staff and constituents. An even temperament, ability to deal
effectively with a wide range of personalities, and creative problem solving skills
are essential.
RESPONSIBILITES
•Interact with constituents via phone, email and in person
•Establish, follow through and complete constituent casework
•Keep accurate and complete case notes and alerts at all times
•Interact with assigned federal agencies
•Interact with local, county and state offices to make and accept referrals
•Establish efficient processes to handle common issues and problems
•Cross-train and accept changing areas of focus as needed
•Staff public events as needed
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
•Casework or other high volume, high touch work
•Time spent in a customer service role
•Work with federal, state or local government
•Experience with casework IQ program is a plus
•Candidates with ties to New Jersey are strongly encouraged to apply
TO APPLY: Email cover letter, resume and 2-3 references
to NJ03resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Constituent Services
Representative: [NAME]”. Please no unsolicited drop-ins, phone calls, or emails
to the office.
Page 11 of 16

APPLICATION DEADLINE: August 20, 2021 at 5PM EST
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
MEM-261-21

Data Analyst
The Republican staff of U.S. Congress’s Joint Economic Committee seek a data
analyst with strong quantitative skills for the Social Capital Project. Proficiency
in Excel as well as STATA, R, or other statistical software package is required
for this role. Successful candidates will have a background in economics, public
policy, or similar field. Ability to think creatively, work independently, and take
initiative is necessary.
The Project provides a unique chance to develop an ambitious agenda aimed at
enabling more Americans to thrive in the 21st century. Interest in JEC Social
Capital Project-related research topics, including expanding opportunity by
strengthening families, communities, and attachment to work, is a plus. Salary is
commensurate with experience.
Interested candidates should send a resume and writing sample
to RJobs@jec.senate.gov
—This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

MEM-260-21

Senior Policy Advisor/Senior Economist
The Republican staff of U.S Congress’s Joint Economic Committee seek a senior
policy advisor/senior economist for the Social Capital Project. The Project, a
“think tank within a committee,” seeks candidates with experience in social
science and public policy research and interest in evidence-based approaches to
expanding opportunity by strengthening families, communities, and attachment to
work.
For these roles, successful candidates will have proven policy research and
writing experience (for a public audience) and be able to weigh empirical
evidence and think creatively about policy. Ability to work independently and
take initiative are also essential.
The Project provides a unique chance to develop an ambitious policy agenda
aimed at enabling more Americans to thrive in the 21st century. We encourage

Page 12 of 16

applications from those with a masters, PhD, or equivalent level of policy
knowledge/experience. Salary commensurate with experience.
Interested candidates should send a resume and writing sample (not to exceed
thirty pages) to RJobs@jec.senate.gov
—This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
MEM-254-21

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for an investigative counsel position.
The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members
and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position
which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from
political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas
is desirable: government ethics; campaign finance; criminal law; employment
law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil
litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and
financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel”
in the subject line.

MEM-253-21

Investigator (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced investigative professional for an investigator position.
The Committee’s investigator is responsible for assisting the Committee in all
aspects of its investigative work, including researching and reviewing public data
sources, forensic research, document review, data collection and analysis,
preparing for and participating in witness interviews, and drafting and editing
Committee documents.
This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to assist with impartial
investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding organizational, research, and analytical skills, as well as the
sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the
Committee.

Page 13 of 16

Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics,
criminal law, civil litigation, administrative investigations and adjudications,
depositions, or financial accounting. Experience with document
review/management platforms and/or online research services (Lexis/Nexis,
Westlaw, CLEAR) also preferred. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigator” in the
subject line.
MEM-250-21

The Office of Congressman John Sarbanes seeks an experienced
Communications Director or Press Secretary to serve in its Washington, D.C.
office.
Successful candidates will have impeccable writing skills, a close eye to detail,
fluency with a wide range of social media platforms and digital tools – including
Adobe Creative Suite and website CMS services – the ability to manage several,
simultaneous projects in a fast-paced environment and experience working
closely with national and local press, along with television and radio booking
producers. This is not an entry-level position.
This office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Diverse candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified individuals should submit a resume, cover letter and writing portfolio
to employment@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-247-21

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester is seeking an in-district press & digital
media assistant to join an aggressive two-person communications team.
This position is based in Wilmington, Delaware. Responsibilities include
managing the Congresswoman’s website and social media accounts, working
collaboratively to generate creative and engaging content for digital platforms,
drafting talking points and advisories, and staffing the Congresswoman and
taking photos/videos at events.
Additionally, the press & digital media assistant will help draft and copy-edit
speeches and talking points for the Congresswoman for events in Delaware, and
the person in this role will report directly to the DC-based Communications
Director. Prior press/digital experience; Hill or campaign experience and
familiarity with social media and graphic/video design are strongly preferred.
Delaware ties a major plus. Strong written and oral communications skills, a
flexible schedule, access to a car, and a clean driving record are musts.

Page 14 of 16

This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
Interested candidates must submit a resume, one cover letter, two writing
samples, and two examples of social media or digital media work samples
to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com
MEM-240-21

SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT/COUNSEL – Rep. Karen Bass (CA37) seeks a hardworking lawyer with legal, policy, and Hill experience to serve as
a Senior Legislative Assistant/Counsel, with the primary portfolio focusing on the
Member’s Judiciary Committee work.
Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the Member in committee
hearings and markups; drafting talking points and speeches; and researching,
drafting, and introducing legislation. All candidates should be a team player and
possess excellent writing and communication skills, ability to work
independently, and a thorough understanding of the legislative process.
Strong candidates will have good relationships on the Hill with Democrats and
Republicans, the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment, and a
track record of turning ideas into legislation and preferably legislation into law.
This is not an entry-level position.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a short (1-2 page)
writing sample to CA37.HR@mail.house.gov with “Senior Legislative Assistant”
in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, sexual
orientation, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.

Page 15 of 16

Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 16 of 16

