House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 28, 2019

MEM-541-19

The Office of Congressman Harley Rouda (CA-48) is seeking a Press/Digital
Assistant in his Orange County office.
Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing, and social media skills,
as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing software. One to
two years of experience in a press or digital media role (including internships)
preferred.
This position requires the ability to thrive under pressure, multi-task, and
work in a team environment.
Responsibilities include:
•Drafting social posts + press releases
•Compiling daily press clips
•Assisting with speechwriting
•Maintaining/updating website
•Filming speeches + events
•Designing graphics + editing photos/videos
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and a short writing
Page 1 of 11

sample/portfolio to ca48resumes@gmail.com with "Orange County
Press/Digital Assistant" in the subject line.
MEM-539-19

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on
Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure
office. The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for
reviewing and providing guidance on a high volume of financial disclosure
issues, education, and training to Members of Congress and their staff through
frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members
of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates
must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive
matters that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government
ethics, ethics counseling, corporate finance, securities law, and criminal law.
Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and
short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase
“FD Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-533-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to work on a broad range of portfolio issues. The ideal candidate
will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid
grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy.
This is not an entry level position. Excellent writing, verbal and
organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter
while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities will include
drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and
preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. North Carolina ties preferred. Please send
applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative
Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-532-19

Southern Republican seeks an energetic Press Assistant to support
Communications Director. The ideal candidate will have experience in social
media management and communications. Excellent writing, verbal and
organizational skills are essential along with the ability to efficiently
communicate while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include maintaining social media accounts to
consistent communication with media networks.

Page 2 of 11

Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Press Assistant” in the subject line.
MEM-531-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Communications
Director. The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of member experience on
the Hill. This is not an entry level position. Excellent writing, verbal and
organizational skills are essential along with the ability to create and produce
in a timely fashion while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include management of social media accounts to
maintaining active and consistent engagement on various media networks.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Communications Director” in the
subject line.

MEM-519-19

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include
assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining
the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking
and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members
of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants
must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone
manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel;
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good
judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting
with daily tasks and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position
with a starting salary of $38,000 per year. Please email cover letter and
resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally
2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep
understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Page 3 of 11

Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements
and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.
MEM-506-19

Democratic Congressman seeks a Legislative Correspondent/Press
Assistant to oversee an active mail program and to strengthen the office’s
communications capabilities.
LC responsibilities include sorting/batching correspondence, drafting letters
and ensuring a swift turnaround time. Press responsibilities include drafting
press releases, crafting social media posts, designing graphics, GIFs and other
web content, monitoring the Congressman’s social media platforms,
assembling and maintaining press lists and compiling daily press clips. Must
have strong writing skills. Knowledge of Intertrac, IQ and Adobe Creative
Suite are a plus.
Ideal applicants will have 1-2 years of policy or communications experience.
This Office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Diverse candidates
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified individuals should submit a resume, cover letter and two writing
samples to employment@mail.house.gov.

MEM-498-19

The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski seeks a Staff Assistant for its
Somerville District Office location. The Staff Assistant will act as the first
point of contact for the front office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Office Management
•Greet and provide direction to visitors
•Manage office inventory
•Oversee office internship program
Constituent Communications
•Field constituent phone calls
•Log incoming and outgoing correspondence
•Prepare congressional commendations and certificates
•Draft birthday greetings, thank you notes, and letters of congratulation from
the Congressman
Page 4 of 11

•Request and secure Presidential greetings, birthday cards, and letters of
congratulation
Operations and Logistics
•Staff the Member in meetings and at public events
•Assist with event preparations
•Schedule Capitol Hill and White House tours
•Liaise with Congressman’s DC office staff
Good candidates will have an outgoing and positive demeanor, be natural
problem solvers with meticulous attention to detail, can remain calm in high
stakes situations, and work well as part of a team. Spanish or Hindi language
skills are preferred but not required.
A standard work week is 40-50 hours depending on the congressional
calendar. Evening and weekend availability is required. Applicants should
have access to a vehicle, and a valid divers license. Salary range for this
position is $32,000-$38,000 annually. Healthcare and retirement benefits
provided with 15 days paid vacation and 7 days paid sick leave annually.
Recent graduates are encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and veterans, LGBTQ
individuals, women, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, writing sample and
three references to nj07resumes2018@gmail.com.
MEM-495-19

Iowa Democrat seeks an experienced Communications Director to lead an
active press operation. Candidates must have experience pitching and placing
stories, op-eds, and letters to the editor in traditional and digital media.
•Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
o maintaining relationships with Iowa and national reporters;
o developing and implementing weekly and long-term strategic
communications plans;
o briefing and preparing the Member for interviews;
o writing press releases, talking points, and speeches;
o collaborating with the legislative team on initiative roll-outs;
o Managing an active social media and digital newsletter program;
oPrevious Hill or campaign experience required; Iowa ties preferred.
This is NOT an entry level position. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Applicants with ties to Iowa are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should send an email to
midwestdemjob2020@gmail.com with “Communications Director/Press
Secretary” in the subject line, and should include a cover letter, resume, short

Page 5 of 11

writing sample (no more than 250 words), and long writing sample (between
500 and 750 words).
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
MEM-487-19

Virginia Congressional Office is seeking a highly organized, motivated,
customer service-oriented individual for the position of Constituent Services
Representative in the Danville district office.
The primary responsibilities would include assisting constituents with issues
involving federal agencies, attending meetings and events with and on behalf
of the representative, and general office duties.
Candidates must have excellent writing, communications and time
management skills; possess patience; sharp attention to details; and able to
work in a fast-paced environment. Bachelor’s degree and work experience in
casework, public service or social work is preferred.
Please send resume and cover letter with salary requirements to
varepdistrictoffice@gmail.com.

MEM-483-19

New York Democrat seeks an Operations Manager/Executive Assistant for
their district office. Responsibilities include managing the Member’s
schedule, travel plans and related events in the district.
Duties also include managing the internship program and other office
operations including office equipment and supplies, required reporting, and
assisting with personnel tracking, as well as fielding requests of the Member
with staff and the public.
This is an entry to mid-level position in a fast-paced office that frequently
requires non-traditional work hours. Qualified applicants should have prior
professional office experience.
The Operations Manager/Executive Assistant will report to the Chief of Staff
and District Director. Ties to Brooklyn and fluency in Arabic are a plus. This
position is based in the local Brooklyn, NY office.
This is a permanent, full-time position. Qualified applicants should send a
cover letter, and resume to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please place
OPERATIONS MANAGER/EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT in the subject line.
NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.

Page 6 of 11

MEM-482-19

House Committee Democrats seek an economic policy staffer to manage a
broad policy portfolio including, tax, retirement, immigration, and other
economic issues.
Core responsibilities include developing legislation, planning events on key
policy priorities, coordinating hearings, staffing Member, and drafting reports.
Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill, federal agency,
private sector, or policy think tank experience is preferred. An advanced
degree is a plus.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-480-19

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative counsel to join our Washington, DC-based policy
team.
The legislative counsel will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will
be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative counsel applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-479-19

Constituent Services Representative - Congresswoman Lauren Underwood
seeks a full-time Constituent Services Representative to serve as a federal
problem solver in 14th Congressional District of Illinois. In this role, you will
serve as a representative of the Office of the Congresswoman by acting as a
liaison between the community and federal agencies to help constituents
resolve matters (“casework”) they have before federal agencies.

Page 7 of 11

In managing constituent casework, you will help residents of the IL-14
resolve primarily immigration-related issues (e.g. visa and passport
processing) with federal agencies including the U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services and the Department of State.
The role could also include casework related to Social Security benefits,
Medicare benefits, Veterans benefits, postal issues, and others. This role
requires investigation, intervention, facilitation, follow-up, and creative
problem-solving.
This role requires conducting significant outreach throughout the IL-14 by
hosting meetings in our office and throughout the District and representing
the Office at community meetings. The role also requires community event
planning and staffing the Congresswoman.
In serving as a Constituent Services Representative, you will work with local
stakeholders, including community organizations and local and state
governments, to identify and understand opportunities for Federal resources
and legislation to advance the interest of people in the IL-14 Congressional
District.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate must be a skilled
listener and communicator, self-motivated and assertive, detail-oriented and
organized, and a creative problem solver. Experience in social work, legal
services, project management, customer service/hospitality, or claims
processing are transferable to this role.
The position is based out of the Congresswoman’s Woodstock office or will
include rotations between the Congresswoman’s Woodstock and West
Chicago offices.
Women and people of color are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.
To apply for the position, please send a cover letter and resume to
Illinois14.DistrictJobs@gmail.com with “Constituent Services
Representative” in the subject line. This is NOT an entry-level position. No
phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-477-19

The Office of Rep. Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking candidates for the
Legislative Correspondent position in our office. The LC is responsible for
managing an active mail program and hiring and supervising the interns who
manage the front office.
Page 8 of 11

The successful candidate will be extremely organized, an excellent writer and
editor, a self-starter, dependable and someone who is able to work
collaboratively as part of a close-knit team.
The primary responsibilities are managing the constituent mail program by
sorting and batching incoming correspondence, drafting and editing letters,
managing the letter approval process, maintaining and utilizing the mail
databases, and ensuring the office maintains a short mail turnaround time. The
LC is also responsible for hiring and supervising the interns, who manage the
front office, handle tours and flags, answer the phones and greet visitors.
The ideal candidate will have ties to the Inland Empire, Spanish language
skills, and previous Congressional experience. The salary range for the
position is $40,000 to $45,000 a year plus student loan repayment and transit
benefits. Our office also offers compensation time in addition to paid vacation
and sick leave.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Please submit your application using this
form https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScPqypjFt_4gsZww_nVvVYL_cMxGDhRr0jke0FjejNqwGrGQ/viewform
and email a copy of your resume and cover letter using the directions included
in the form. If you have any questions please call our office at (202) 2253201.
MEM-474-19

Energy Professional Staff or Counsel – The Committee on Energy and
Commerce Majority is seeking a professional staff member or counsel to
focus on energy issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction.
Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, preparing hearings, and
coordinating with stakeholders and member offices. Ideal candidates will
have a demonstrated interest in and understanding of energy policy issues,
and some public policy experience. Knowledge of energy efficiency policy is
particularly helpful, but not necessary.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to
ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer.
Diverse candidates, women, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 9 of 11

MEM-462-19

The Office of the Law Revision Counsel—a small, nonpartisan office within
the U.S. House of Representatives—seeks an attorney to assist in the editing
and publishing of the United States Code, the codification of general and
permanent Federal statutory law.
The editorial work needed to maintain the U.S. Code involves a number of
tasks, including:
•reading new laws to determine which provisions should appear in the Code
and where,
•updating the Code to reflect new law and amendments to existing law,
•writing concise editorial notes to explain amendments, effective dates,
references within the text to other laws, and a variety of other legislative
concepts,
•preparing statutory citations and tables, and
•identifying errors in grammar and spelling—
•all while conforming to very strict style guidelines.
In addition to the basic tasks required to integrate new laws into the Code,
other duties may be required, such as reviewing drafts of bills to enact titles as
positive law, doing extensive research and editorial work to improve the
organization of existing provisions in the Code, and assisting in the
continuing modernization of the Office, including support of online and
machine readable versions of the Code.
Qualifications
•J.D. degree and attorney license in any U.S. jurisdiction or intention to obtain
license within one year.
•At least one year of professional experience in editing or publishing,
preferably in the legal field.
•Meticulous attention to detail and dedication to accuracy.
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
•Absolute proficiency in grammar, spelling, and usage.
•Ability to analyze and summarize complex legal issues.
•Ability to identify issues affecting Federal statutes and explain them clearly
and concisely within firmly established parameters.
Other conditions to note:
Familiarity with Federal or State statutory law is highly desirable.
This position is better suited to someone able to engage in extended periods of
solitary work, often involving tedious and repetitive tasks.
The ability to adhere to, and function comfortably within, established styles
and practices is essential.
Please be aware that this is a long-term career position with the Office, not a

Page 10 of 11

stepping stone to another position within Congress or the Federal
Government.
Applicant Instructions
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter with salary
requirements to:
uscodeapplicant@mail.house.gov
Applicants will be evaluated based on the ability to meet the qualifications
stated above. Significant weight will be given to the applicant's cover letter. If
chosen for an interview, an applicant will be requested to submit a writing
sample.
MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible
schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 11 of 11

