________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 29, 2024

MEM-042-24

Representative Emanuel Cleaver (D-MO) seeks a Legislative
Correspondent/Staff Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office. This position is
responsible for opening and managing the front office each day, greeting visitors,
and managing constituent communications, including tour and flag requests. The
LC/SA is responsible for maintaining the office's constituent response program
and recruiting and managing the DC interns.
This is a customer service focused position. The ideal candidate has superb
organizational and problem-solving skills, attention to detail, strong time and
project management skills, a good sense of humor, and a desire to be part of a
highly-collaborative, high-achieving team. The successful candidate will have
strong writing skills, the ability to communicate clearly in a fast-paced
environment and can work effectively with teams in both the DC and District
offices. Prior Hill internship and familiarity with the IQ system is preferred.
Access to a car and a license in good standing is also helpful.
This position is full time, and the salary range is $55,000-57,000, depending on
experience. Benefits with this position include health, vision and dental
insurance, retirement benefits, paid sick and annual leave, transit or parking
benefits, and access to the Student Loan Repayment Program. The office is an
equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation,
gender identity, disability, age, or national origin.
Page 1 of 25

Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and writing
sample (no more than 4 pages), and a reference
to Midwest.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line "Last Name – LC/Staff
Assistant". Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is
filled.
MEM-041-24

Rep. Raul Ruiz’s office is seeking candidates to fill an open Press Secretary/
Communications Director position.
Rep. Ruiz (CA-25), member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, seeks an
energetic and well-organized professional to manage his communications
portfolio. The position is based in Washington, DC and will travel to the district
as needed. Candidates must have professional fluency in both English & Spanish.
Candidates should be self-motivated, diligent, a team player, and able to develop
and maintain relationships with local state, and national media reporters.
The ideal candidate will have a passion for practical policies that unite the
country and digital organizing / communications in all formats. Other duties
include developing messaging and talking points; overseeing all communications
materials, including press releases, website content, franked mail, and social
media accounts; working with policy staff on short- and long-term
communications goals; and regularly briefing and staffing the member. Salary is
between $75-$95K based on experience.
This position will mentor /manage appropriate press interns in all offices. This is
not an entry-level position. Ideal candidates should have, or can articulate,
experience in the following areas / topics / platforms:
-Strong written and oral communications skills (writing, editing, proofreading)
with at least two years of political communications experience including
producing Op-Ed’s, Press Releases & other communications
-Understanding of print, broadcast, & online social media tools / platforms
(Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, CanvaPro, Adobe Premier, etc.)
-Strong skills & experience producing excellent written & visual content,
including graphics & video, for a variety of social media platforms
-An ability to amplify media coverage & grow its impact
-Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, procedures & organization of the
House – a plus
-Knowledge of current issues & events in which the Congressman is involved in
-Ability to with legislative staff on short / long-term communications goals
-Ability to exercise discretion & judgment in the representation of the
Congressman's position on policy issues
-Must have the ability to prioritize duties & manage staff in a fast-paced work
environment while meeting rapid timelines
-Ability to translate complex policy issues into simple language, creating talking
point summaries
Page 2 of 25

-Leading, managing & optimizing production needs surrounding virtual & inperson town hall meetings, public forums, & press conferences & creating
graphics & media presentations when required
-Proactively pitching national/local media and developing media strategy
-Creating e-newsletters & managing the franked mailers process for the office
-Tracking press and social media analytics
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages people of all identity
groups to apply.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
(one English and one Spanish on two different topics)
to: CA25Resumes@mail.house.gov with the “Press Secretary /Communications
Director- [NAME]” in the subject line. Applications due by February 9, 2024.
MEM-040-24

Congresswoman Jill Tokuda seeks a part-time Field Representative for West
Hawaiʻi Island. This position will work closely with and report to the District
Chief in Hawaiʻi, and in coordination with the East Hawaiʻi Island Field
Representative. This position requires consistent and effective collaboration with
all components of the member’s office. Work hours for this position are
approximately 20-25 hours per month but could become a full-time position for a
candidate with the right skillset.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Coordinating the Member’s visits to West Hawaiʻi Island, including scheduling
meetings and events, and transporting and staffing the Member on-island;
•Preparing briefing sheets and talking points as needed;
•Connecting with Washington, D.C. staff on relevant notes and contacts;
•Staffing the Member as appropriate, taking notes and photos, and ensuring that
follow up is conducted;
•Informing the Member and relevant staff of community events and happenings
in West Hawaiʻi; and
•Preparing and delivering West Hawaiʻi messages and communications, and
representing the Member at events as assigned.
Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional nights
and weekends. Interested candidates are requested to submit a cover letter and
résumé in one attachment to Kendra.Oishi@mail.house.gov.

MEM-039-24

Congresswoman Jill Tokuda seeks a part-time Field Representative for the
island of Kauai. This position will work closely with and report to the District
Chief in Hawaiʻi. This position requires consistent and effective collaboration
with all components of the member’s office. Work hours for this position are
approximately 20-25 hours per month but could become a full- time position for a
candidate with the right skillset.

Page 3 of 25

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Coordinating the Member’s visits to Kauai, including scheduling meetings and
events, and transporting and staffing the Member on-island;
•Preparing briefing sheets and talking points as needed;
•Connecting with Washington, D.C. staff on relevant notes and contacts;
•Staffing the Member as appropriate, taking notes and photos, and ensuring that
follow up is conducted;
•Informing the Member and relevant staff of community events and happenings
on Kauai; and
•Preparing and delivering Kauai messages and communications, and representing
the Member at events as assigned.
Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional nights
and weekends. Interested candidates are requested to submit a cover letter and
résumé in one attachment to Kendra.Oishi@mail.house.gov.
MEM-033-24

SUMMARY:
Rep. Jill Tokuda is seeking an experienced and self-motivated Communications
Director for a congressional district that spans every island in the State of
Hawaii.
The position would manage the office’s press and communications operations
including developing and executing a communications plan. Previous Hill or
political communications experience is preferred, but not required. The ideal
candidate would possess strong writing skills, the ability to operate in a fastpaced environment under tight deadlines and be able to collaborate with both the
DC and district teams.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Develops, leads, and executes a communications plan for the office.
•Handles interview requests and proactively pitches to media.
•Prepares and staffs the Congresswoman for events and interviews.
•Drafts press releases, talking points, speeches, newsletters, mailers, and op-eds.
•Manages the Communications Aide in the District Office.
Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional nights
and weekends. Interested candidates should email their cover letter and résumé in
one attachment to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-032-24

Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Legislative Director
to join her office in Washington, D.C. In close collaboration with the Member,
Chief of Staff, and her communications and district teams, the Legislative
Director will oversee the Member’s policy agenda, particularly through her work
on the House Appropriations and Natural Resources Committees and manage her
legislative team. This position reports to the Chief of Staff and works closely with

Page 4 of 25

the COS in formulating the Member’s legislative strategy while uplifting the
legislative team in their work.
Candidate should have a strong track record of managing, training, and
supervising a team in a fast-paced environment, translating authorizing and
appropriations priorities into successful outcomes, and developing strong
relationships with on- and off-Hill stakeholders. Sound policy judgement and
firm grasp of committee, floor, and other House procedures are musts.
Candidate should have strong verbal and written communication skills fit to keep
the Member and full team consistently briefed. Candidate must be driven,
creative, good-humored, skilled at receiving and delivering feedback, and
committed to furthering a team-first, collaborative work environment. Candidate
will also oversee the office’s constituent correspondence program. Nevada ties
are a plus, as is experience with immigration, defense, foreign affairs, education,
and judiciary issues.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF a resume, cover letter, and three references
(including name, current title and organization, phone number, email, and
relationship to the reference) to nv03resumes@gmail.com, with the following
subject line: “Full Name – Legislative Director.”
MEM-030-24

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant or
Director of Operations for the Washington office. The successful candidate will
manage all aspects of the Member's daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in
the District.
The ideal candidate should be well-organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and
able to work effectively in a fast-paced office. Prior scheduling experience on the
Hill or comparable work environment is preferred.
Responsibilities include tracking, evaluating, and responding to invitations and
scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; assisting with
budgeting; vouchering invoices for payment; and some office management,
including front office staff and other junior staff, depending on experience.
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter
to operations2024@yahoo.com
Salary and job title are commensurate with experience.

Page 5 of 25

MEM-029-24

Staff Assistant
Congressman Mike Flood (NE-01) seeks a Staff Assistant to join his Washington,
DC office.
The primary responsibility of the staff assistant is to serve as support staff for the
operations team to maintain the regular daily functions and operations of the
Washington, DC office. This could include answering telephones, greeting
visitors to the office, assisting with appointments, scheduling constituent tours,
answering constituent requests for general information, giving tours of the
Capitol, monitoring deliveries, maintaining the front office, and assisting with
other various administrative duties.
Typical responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
•Answering and screening telephone calls for the Member and other staff
members.
•Greeting and screening visitors.
•Assisting individuals who have appointments with the Member or other staff
members.
•Maintaining handout literature regarding the state and Congress.
•Signing for deliveries and forwarding deliveries to appropriate staff members.
•Assisting the Operations Director with procurement of office equipment and
materials.
•Maintaining the office answering machine and tracking voicemails.
•Ensuring that requests for assistance are directed to appropriate staff members.
•Maintaining the reception room.
•Maintaining the office guest book.
•Maintaining a list of frequently requested contacts.
•Recording visitors’ opinions, names, addresses, and other relevant information.
•Helping to log mail.
•Maintaining and delivering a daily call log to the Member and other staff
members.
•Fulfilling constituent’s flag request order in a timely manner.
•Tracking achievements from constituents and sending out weekly Certificates of
Recognition.
•Coordinating tours of the U.S. Capitol, White House, FBI Headquarters, and
additional federal buildings for constituents.
•Assisting the Operations Director with oversight and coordination of the
internship program.
•Performing general typing and administrative assignments.
The requirements for this position are:
•Position is based in the Washington, DC official office. Regular, predictable, and
punctual attendance required for the performance of duties.
•Ability to communicate effectively with the Member and office staff, Members
and representatives from other offices, constituents, outside organizations, and
others.
Page 6 of 25

•Work is public-facing and requires frequent interaction with Members of
Congress and congressional community and the public, including constituents, in
a prompt, courteous and tactful manner.
•Work is performed in a front office workstation or other commonly traveled
areas of the office, meaning that there should be little expectation of privacy.
•Work occasionally requires extended and unscheduled hours.
•Must be able to prioritize and perform duties under pressure in a fast-paced
environment.
•Regularly use typical office equipment, software programs, and methods of
communication, including, for example, a computer, email, telephone,
smartphone, photocopier, fax machine, etc.
To apply, please email your resume, cover letter, and a writing sample
to FloodHiring@mail.house.gov.
MEM-028-24

Special Projects & Grant Coordinator – Anchorage, AK
Representative Mary Peltola seeks a Grant Coordinator for her state office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: maintaining lists of current federal
grant opportunities, researching federal, state and/or private grant opportunities
for constituents, and drafting letters of support.
This position will require frequent traveling to remote areas of the state. This is
not an entry level position and previous grant researching and writing experience
is highly desired. The office is open to a remote position for the right candidate.
Interested applicants should email a PDF version of their 1-page resume and
cover letter to akresumes@mail.house.gov your first initial and last name and the
position title in the subject line (ex: A. Smith Caseworker Application). In the
body of the email please include your current title and place of employment. In
all employment decisions, the office will give preference to candidates with ties
to Alaska.

MEM-027-24

Caseworker/Field Representative – Fairbanks, AK
Representative Peltola seeks a caseworker for her Anchorage District Office. A
caseworker acts as a liaison with federal, state, and local agencies for constituents
and the Member. Other core responsibilities include answering communications
and making recommendations to the District Director on problems requiring
legislative action.
Applicants should have strong verbal and written communication skills, a careful
attention to detail, and an ability to navigate bureaucracy with independent
judgement and discretion. A knowledge of Alaskan issues and current events will
be critical.

Page 7 of 25

Interested applicants should email a PDF version of their 1-page resume and
cover letter to akresumes@mail.house.gov your first initial and last name and the
position title in the subject line (ex: A. Smith Caseworker Application). In the
body of the email please include your current title and place of employment. In
all employment decisions, the office will give preference to candidates with ties
to Alaska.
MEM-026-24

Community Relations Manager
(District Office)
Office of Congresswoman Jill Tokuda
SUMMARY:
Rep. Jill Tokuda is looking for an enthusiastic and highly motivated individual to
join her district staff in her Honolulu Office. This position would manage several
congressional programs and projects to a successful execution. Responsibilities
would also include acting as a liaison to federal, state, and local governments;
conducting community outreach; and attending engagements on behalf of the
Member. The ideal candidate would have strong writing skills and the ability to
write quickly and effectively, as well as the ability to multi-task and plan longterm projects to completion. Attention to detail and the ability to work in a fastpaced environment is required.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
●Oversees the execution of congressional programs and other special projects.
●Oversees schedule of regularly attended community meetings and ensures
follow up is conducted.
●Prepares various written material including correspondence, congratulatory
messages, and internal background memoranda for the Member.
●Engages in community outreach and constituent relations.
●Staffs or represents the Member at events and meetings on Oahu, and other
islands as needed, including taking notes and conducting follow up.
Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional nights
and weekends. Interested candidates are requested to submit a cover letter and
resume to Kendra.Oishi@mail.house.gov.

MEM-023-24

Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant to
join his office in Washington, D.C.
The primary policy areas of responsibility for this position will include issues
related to the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, including Defense,
Immigration, and Veterans. Additional policy areas may be assigned based on the
strengths, interests, and experiences of the candidate and needs of the office. This
position reports to the Legislative Director and will work in close collaboration
with the Member, Chief of Staff, and communications and district staff.

Page 8 of 25

The individual will prepare and staff the Member for meetings, committee
activity, and related events. The individual is expected to represent the Member
in meetings with constituents, local and national stakeholder organizations, and
administration officials. The individual will track legislation, monitor relevant
committee and floor activity, track news events, and make recommendations in
the assigned legislative areas. The individual will build support for the Member’s
legislative agenda through developing and implementing new initiatives and be
primarily responsible for drafting legislation, letters, remarks, and other written
material related to policy portfolio.
The office is seeking an individual who is driven, creative, and committed to
working in a collaborative work environment. Qualified candidates should have
knowledge of the legislative process and demonstrate an ability to take initiative.
Hill experience is strongly preferred. This is not an entry-level position.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Rhode Island ties are
a plus. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, cover letter, and brief writing
sample, and three references (including name, current title and organization,
phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to RI01AmoJobs@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Assistant.”
MEM-018-24

The Office of Congressman Vern Buchanan (FL District 16) is looking for a
dynamic Staff Assistant/Constituent Services candidate for its Hillsborough
County District Office. The position is responsible for managing the front desk
during office hours, handling constituent case work assignments, occasionally
attending events, and assisting the area manager with special projects.
Essential Duties:
*Greets constituents and visitors to provide a welcoming environment and
positive first impression.
*Answers and directs incoming calls, voicemails, and constituent inquiries to
appropriate staff.
*Handles constituent casework assignments to include meetings with
constituents, contacting agencies, researching cases, and case resolution.
*Occasionally attending events and/or meeting within the district, representing
the Office
*Completes special projects as assigned by Area Manager.
*Orders all office supplies to maintain office equipment.
Professional Skills
•Attention to Detail
Page 9 of 25

•Ability to multitask
•Initiative
•Planning and Coordination
•Research and Analysis
Communication and Social Skills
•Interpersonal Skills
•Teamwork
•Verbal Communication
•Written Communication
Leadership Skills
•Coalition Building
•Decision Making
•Influencing and Advising
•Managing Others
Specialized Skills
•House Knowledge
•Legislative Knowledge
•Political Acumen
Preferred Education and Experience Preferred Education
*Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
preferred. Preferred Experience
*Prior constituent service or customer relationship management is preferred
*Demonstrated interest in public service is preferred
Physical Requirements and Work Environment
The office is in Brandon, Florida. The work involves carrying light items such as
books, papers, and small office equipment. The incumbent must be able to meet
minimum physical requirements (e.g., lifting, bending, crouching, standing, etc.).
Physical Requirements and work environment are subject to reasonable
accommodations.
What We Offer:
*Competitive salary and benefits package.
*Opportunities for professional growth and development.
*A supportive and collaborative work environment.
*The chance to make a significant impact to the constituents in District 16.
How to Apply
Send your resume and a cover letter detailing your relevant experience
to MarDee.Buchman@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please. Deadline to submit
resumes is February 2, 2024.

Page 10 of 25

MEM-013-24

Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s District Office has an immediate need to hire a
full-time Field Representative/Caseworker. We are looking for an enthusiastic
and motivated individual to join our high-energy team in Cypress, CA.
Basic Functions:
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative/ Caseworker acts as the representative for the Member. Field
Representative responsibilities include strengthening relationships with key
stakeholders, as well as attending engagements on behalf of the Member.
Caseworker responsibilities include helping constituents resolve problems with
federal agencies through written and verbal communication.
Duties:
*Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
*Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
*Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
*Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
*Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
*Maintain up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information
*Continually manage active cases and serve as a liaison with constituents to
ensure that cases are handled in a timely and appropriate manner
Requirements:
*Political savvy and comfortable navigating complicated situations
*Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer
service manners; public speaking skills
*Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional
nights/weekends
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with Orange and Los Angeles Counties is
preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline:
Salary starts at $50,000 per year. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until the position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to Stephanie Hu, District Director, Office of
Congresswoman Steel, Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov.

Page 11 of 25

All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-012-24

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking a Legislative
Counsel to lead the office’s Judiciary portfolio.
The Congresswoman is a Member of the House Judiciary Committee and the
Ranking Member on the Subcommittee on Immigration Integrity, Security and
Enforcement. This position will lead on all issues within the jurisdiction of the
Judiciary Committee (except Immigration), which include but are not limited to:
antitrust, courts, criminal justice, elections, protection of civil rights and civil
liberties, and intellectual property.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for committee hearings and markups
including proposing strategic approaches, drafting remarks and questions,
preparing amendments and talking points;
●Advancing current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
building support, legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials,
such as speeches, policy memos, and factsheets;
●Developing expertise in new issue areas as they arise;
●Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
●Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and
Committee offices; and
●Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●Excellent writing and time management skills;
●Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
appropriate for the office;
●Previous Hill experience strongly preferred;
●Poised, level-headed, flexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred. Position location is Washington, DC.
Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
references in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Counsel”: [Applicant’s First and Last Name]” in the subject line. No calls or
drop-ins please.
Page 12 of 25

MEM-011-24

STAFF ASSISTANT
Rep. Jake Auchincloss has an immediate need to hire a Staff Assistant for the
Washington, DC office in a full-time capacity. The Staff Assistant will be
expected to drive the Member to and from official activities, manage the front
desk during office hours, handle all tour requests, fulfill flag requests, support the
district office with administrative office needs, and assist the DC office staff with
work as assigned. Staff Assistants often provide the first impression of the office
to constituents, guests, and other VIPs.
The ideal candidate should have excellent attention to detail, a strong work ethic
and exceptional written communication skills, an eagerness to learn and grow
within the office, and a desire to be part of a highly-collaborative, high-achieving
team. The position is full time with a salary of $55,000 and federal benefits,
including student loan repayment program (if eligible) and transit or parking
benefits.
Job Duties:
•Drives the Member to and from official activities
•Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the office to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs
•Handles incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness
•Captures input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response
•Works closely with the Member’s Director of Operations to ensure appointments
are on time
•Organizes and manages tasks for constituents to include flag requests, providing
tours of the Capitol, and arranging visits to other national landmarks
•And other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Access to a car and a license in good standing with the DMV of their state of
residence
•Exceptional communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the office required
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
required
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
required
•Attention to detail
•Willingness to learn
Preferences:
•Prior constituent service or customer relationship management preferred
•A demonstrated interest in public service
Page 13 of 25

To apply:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, writing
sample, and references to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Staff Assistant- [applicant’s last name]”. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), national
origin, age, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other
characteristic protected by applicable law. Our office encourages candidates of
diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-009-24

Rep. French Hill, Vice Chairman of the House Financial Services Committee and
Chairman of the Subcommittee on Digital Assets and Financial Technology,
seeks to fill the role of Financial Services Fellow.
From the Member’s personal office, the Fellow will assist the Senior Policy
Advisor on committee work as well as substantive financial services issues
including policy related to: financial institutions; digital assets; financial
technology; capital markets; housing; and insurance. The Fellow’s day-to-day
activities will include: attending and reporting on hearings; monitoring legislation
and regulatory proposals; drafting official and constituent correspondence; and
drafting meeting materials.
During the fellowship, the Fellow will gain an in-depth understanding of how
Capitol Hill operates, as well as the major policy issues in financial services.
Ideal candidates will be excellent writers, able to work in a fast-paced
environment, and able to exercise good judgment. A background in finance,
whether from the private sector, government, or education, is strongly preferred
but not required.
This is a paid fellowship. Interested candidates should send their resume
to ar02.applications@mail.house.gov with “Financial Services Fellow” in the
subject line.

MEM-007-24

STAFF ASSISTANT/DRIVER: Sr. Florida Democrat seeks a Staff
Assistant/Driver in Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include transporting the Member (including evenings),
answering phones, processing mail, welcoming office visitors, processing flag
requests, logging constituent mail, assisting with scheduling/operations and
working with legislative staff on other duties as assigned.
Successful candidates will have professional experience and familiarity working
Page 14 of 25

in a legislative environment. Additional experience including professional
writing, customer service, time-management, and organizational skills are
required. A positive, solution-oriented personality who has an ability to multitask
effectively in a fast-paced environment is ideal.
South Florida/Florida ties are required and prior work in a Congressional or
Senate office is a major plus.
A car and a good driving record are required for this position.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume
to FL25Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “SA/DRIVER.” Please
save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file
“Last name, First name.”
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
MEM-005-24

The office of Congressman Pat Ryan (NY-18) is hiring a Legislative Director.
The role will report to the Chief of Staff and be based in Washington D.C. Rep.
Ryan serves on T&I and HASC.
Job Responsibilities:
•Implementing the legislative priorities of the Member and developing innovative
policy solutions to deliver for core constituencies throughout the district.
•Managing a legislative team, including, but not limited to, day-to-day project
management, goal-setting and tracking, fostering professional development, and
overseeing legislative personnel hiring.
•Advising the Member on legislative matters, including vote recommendations,
cosponsorship requests, and bill introductions.
•Providing status reports on all legislation affecting the district in order to keep
the full team up-to-date on office priorities, goals, and accomplishments.
•Working alongside the communications team to disseminate timely and accurate
information to constituents regarding legislative activity within the House.
•Oversee the Office’s correspondence program
•Collaborating with the Chief of Staff & District Director to identify legislative
solutions and outreach opportunities to address constituents’ casework concerns.
Experience and Skills Required
•Successful and impactful experience as a Senior Staffer or Legislative Staffer in
a battleground House Congressional office.
•Strong understanding of Committee, floor, and other House procedures
•Strong written and verbal communication skills.
•Exceptional time management and organizational skills.
•Staff management experience.
•Ability to build and maintain strong partner relationships, including with
Page 15 of 25

constituency organizations, advocacy groups, colleagues, as well as caucus,
committee, and leadership staff.
•Preferred: Experience working in a district office or for a battleground member.
•Preferred: Staff management experience.
•Integrity, compassion, sound judgment, and a commitment to Democratic
values.
The pay range for a Legislative Director is $90,000-$110,000.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send your resume, cover letter, and three references
to ny18resumes@mail.house.gov with the job title in the subject line and your
full name (e.g.: “Legislative Director - Jed Bartlet). The deadline to apply is COB
1/31/24 and applicants will be evaluated on a rolling basis.
MEM-004-24

Congresswoman Susan Wild, a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee
and House Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks an experienced
Legislative Assistant to join her team.
The policy portfolio and areas of responsibility for this position are fluid,
reflecting the strengths, interests, and experiences of the candidate. Primary
responsibilities include closely tracking legislation and making vote
recommendations, regularly meeting with constituent and stakeholder groups, and
actively implementing legislative initiatives consistent with the
Congresswoman’s policy goals.
This position reports to the Legislative Director and Deputy Chief of Staff and
will include extensive work with the Congresswoman and the rest of her team.
Qualified candidates should have knowledge of the legislative process and
demonstrate an ability to take initiative. Hill experience is strongly preferred.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
1.Preparing and staffing Member for meetings, committee hearings and markups,
floor votes, and related events;
2.Representing Member in meetings with constituents and both national- and
local-level advocacy groups, think thanks, and other groups relevant to policy
portfolio;
3.Tracking legislation and other developments in assigned issue area(s), monitor
relevant committee and floor activity, track developing local/international news
events, make recommendations for votes, cosponsorships and letters for Member
to sign;
4.Building and maintaining positive relationships with congressional staff, district
Page 16 of 25

and national stakeholders, advocacy organizations, Executive Branch officials,
and other key stakeholders relevant to policy portfolio;
5.Building support for Member’s policy priorities and developing/implementing
ideas for new initiatives (legislation, letters, events, press, etc.) including a strong
emphasis on bipartisanship;
6.Drafting legislation, letters, floor/committee remarks, talking points, press
related materials, and other written material related to policy portfolio; and
7. Other duties as assigned by senior staff.
The Office of Representative Susan Wild is an equal opportunity employer,
committed to developing an organization that is reflective of and attentive to the
needs of the diverse community we serve. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender
identity, or disability.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to RepWildJobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.
MEM-003-24

Congresswoman Susan Wild, a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee
and House Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks an experienced
Communications Director to join her team.
This position reports to the Deputy Chief of Staff and Chief of Staff and will
include extensive work with the Congresswoman and the rest of her team.
Qualified candidates should have extensive experience pitching earned media and
with all forms of traditional media.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
• Designing and executing an aggressive communications plan that highlights
Rep. Wild’s work in-district;
• Constantly driving an aggressive earned media plan;
• Working with legislative staff and others to prepare the congresswoman’s
remarks for public and private events;
• Prepare briefing materials for the congresswoman and lead sessions to prepare
her for press appearances;
• Overseeing and approving all digital communications and social media content;
and
• Overseeing a Press Assistant and managing and collaborating with a constituent
communications consultant;
The Office of Representative Susan Wild is an equal opportunity employer,
committed to developing an organization that is reflective of and attentive to the
needs of the diverse community we serve. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender
identity, or disability.
Page 17 of 25

To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to RepWildJobs@gmail.com with “Communications Director” in the subject line.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.
MEM-001-24

Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks a Press Secretary to join his office in
Rhode Island.
The Press Secretary will be responsible for drafting press releases, statements,
talking points, booking interviews with national and local press outlets, pitching
stories, responding to reporter inquiries, creating and posting social media posts,
compiling news clips, managing the Member’s website, assisting with the
constituent outreach program, and other duties as assigned.
The Press Secretary is expected to advance press events and staff the Member as
needed. The Press Secretary will work in close collaboration with the Chief of
Staff, District Director, and legislative and district staff as appropriate.
Candidates should have previous communications experience, possess
exceptional writing skills, have proficiency in photo and video editing and
graphic design tools, and be organized. Candidates should be detail-oriented and
highly motivated to serve on an active team. Ideal candidates will have
experience working in a fast-paced environment and are prepared to implement a
communications plan.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Rhode Island ties are
a plus. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, cover letter, and brief writing
sample, and three references (including name, current title and organization,
phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to RI01AmoJobs@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Press Secretary.”

MEM-636-23

Chief of Staff
Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a seasoned and empathetic manager of
staff and leader of his strategic vision based in the Washington, D.C., office with
a background in matters before the House Homeland Security and Judiciary
Committees, preferably with a knowledge base in oversight and investigations.
Candidates with J.D. degrees are strongly encouraged to apply but not required
and familiarity with the district is preferred.

Page 18 of 25

The ideal candidate has extensive experience in Congress or the federal
government; developed and implemented an overarching strategy for an
organization or Member before; strong written and verbal communication skills;
interest in cultivating a warm, supportive, and productive work environment;
comfort balancing responsibilities and competing deadlines; a cool and levelheaded demeanor in fast-paced environments; political savvy and knowledge of
Hill culture; good judgment and strong decision-making skills; and expertise in
developing and maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders.
Responsibilities include formulating policy positions; overseeing the office’s
legislative, constituent, correspondence, and media-relations strategies; handing
all recruiting and hiring efforts, the establishment of office policies and
procedures, and supervision of senior staff; serving as the Member’s chief
advisor; developing and implementing all policy objectives, strategies, and
operating plans; representing the Member with House leadership and committee
staff; and managing the office budget and personnel activities.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and enduring from the ground up, particularly for a Member of
Congress who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff.
Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references, and a writing
sample to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name – Chief of
Staff.” We will accept applications until the position is filled.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-546-23

Member Services Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Member Services Director who
is exceptionally motivated, dynamic, strategic, and detail-oriented to engage with
CBC Member offices and outside partners to advance a robust member services
portfolio.
The Member Services Director will be expected to proactively build strong
relationships across CBC Member offices and develop strategic opportunities for
Member engagement advancing shared priorities. The individual will also be
expected to coordinate with CBC staff to field and respond to inquiries and
requests for support from Member offices and respond to and share external
opportunities for Member engagement as they arise.

Page 19 of 25

The Member Services Director is also responsible for assisting in overseeing all
aspects of caucus operations, logistics, designated administrative responsibilities
and to support caucus leadership.
The Member Services Director responsibilities will include:
•Conducting regular outreach to Member offices to build relationships with staff,
share opportunities for Member or staff participation in events, messaging, and
other efforts, and identify new ideas for collaboration with Member offices
•Sharing resources with Member offices and working with CBC, congressional,
and external staff to develop high-quality materials for Member office use
•Drafting regular newsletters for Member offices with relevant updates and
opportunities, as well as for external audiences to uplift Member engagement on
CBC issues
•Developing a network of external partners working on issues relevant to the
CBC and Member offices
•Maintaining staff contact information and distribution lists
•Provides orientation and training for new staff;
•Assists departing employees with necessary administrative procedures (i.e.,
returning keys, House I.D. cards, and other office property; obtaining forwarding
addresses, work files, and records);
•Supervises the mail operations and the administrative files and personnel
records;
•Assists staff in scheduling House or Capitol rooms for outside group functions;
•Organize and facilitate meetings and other strategic convenings to support
institutional
•change, policies, and programmatic work;
•Oversees operations for CBC including organizing weekly meetings and events
•Provides logistical support for all programming
•Works with the CBC personal office staffs and coordinates with the CBC
Schedulers to implement the Caucus’ priorities
•Builds and maintains databases of internal and external stakeholders
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player.
Candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of House and Senate
legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov.
No walk-ins or calls please.

Page 20 of 25

MEM-508-23

Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) seeks an exceptional, experienced
Press Secretary/Digital Director (PS/DD) to join a dynamic, fast paced team,
working out of the Washington, DC office.
Working with the Communications Director, located in the District, the PS/DD
will develop, coordinate, and implement digital and traditional media and
communication strategies that highlight the Member’s work and advance her
robust online/digital presence. Other primary responsibilities include but are not
limited to developing, editing, and producing graphics, videography, and other
creative tools to enhance messaging; fielding press requests from local and
national media; producing the Member’s newsletters; drafting releases and
advisories, speeches , and talking points.
The successful candidate will have a creative and strategic approach to visual and
graphic design, excellent oral and written communications skills, an ability to
handle multiple assignments on tight deadlines, a desire to hone the Member’s
voice, a strong collaborative approach to cross functional teaming, and a good
sense of humor. They will also have a working knowledge of the legislative
process, procedures, and organization of the House, with a proven ability to build
strong, collaborative relationships while working in a crisis-oriented environment
and handling stress appropriately. Ohio ties are a plus, but not required, but
proven effective digital and videography experience is required.
This is not an entry level position. The ideal candidate will have at least three
years of Hill and/or other communications experience in a policy or constituent
services environment with an emphasis on professional digital media,
videography, and general communications proficiency beyond the intern level.
The salary is flexible and dependent upon proven experience and expertise.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing and one creative
samples to Ohio11Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press
Secretary – Last Name, First Initial.” No drop-ins, direct emails to staff or phone
calls, please. The position is open until filled, but applications will be screened as
they are received.

MEM-468-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks one attorney with 5-10 years of experience to serve as Investigative
Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.

Page 21 of 25

The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE
•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
•Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
Page 22 of 25

•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
Page 23 of 25

•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.
MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy

Page 24 of 25

Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.
Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and
possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.

Page 25 of 25

