________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 25, 2022

MEM-230-22

SUMMARY:
The Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. is seeking a Chief of Staff
to act as the Member's chief policy advisor. This position develops and
implements all policy objectives, strategies and operating plans for the Member's
offices and manages and directs all activities and staff of the Member's
Washington D.C. and district office(s), as well as coordinates the activities of the
Member with Leadership and committee office(s).
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Supervisory: Directly supervises up to eighteen full time employees and up to
four part-time and temporary employees; carries out responsibilities in
accordance with office policy and applicable laws. Responsibilities include
interviewing, hiring and training employees; planning, assigning and directing
work; appraising performances; rewarding and disciplining employees;
addressing complaints; and resolving problems;
*Manages the Washington, D.C. and district office staffs;
*Sets and oversees the administration of office goals, policies and procedures and
has oversight responsibility for all personnel matters including hiring, salary, and
disciplinary decisions;
*Manages long-term legislative plan of the Member;
*Coordinates and supervises the efforts of all employees including the press and
constituent service staffs;
*Conducts staff meetings;
Page 1 of 38

*Approves strategies and tactics on legislative issues;
*Acts as the Member's principal liaison and responds to office visits and
telephone inquiries from constituents and various interest groups;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, constituents,
stakeholders, and other political offices;
*Speaks to local and national groups, as well as the press, when the Member is
unavailable;
*Oversees the office budget;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
*Performs other duties as assigned by the Member.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A minimum of a bachelor’s degree in political science or related field, including
strong academic credentials is preferred. Alternatively, five years of related
experience or training in management and/or legislation or equivalent experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
*Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
*Thorough knowledge of the Members' Congressional Handbook and House
Rules;
*An understanding of the district and federal political process;
*Provides necessary organization, supervisory leadership, and motivation to
manage a House office;
*Ability to perform essential job functions above;
*Ability to maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff
and constituents;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Excellent oral and written communication skills;
*Knowledge of the office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications; and
*Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate; and;
*Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter and resume, along with three
references to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov. Please use CHIEF OF STAFF in the
Page 2 of 38

subject line when submitting your materials. The office is an equal opportunity
employer.
MEM-229-22

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an
experienced scheduler.
Main responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules for both DC and the District; organizing and evaluating all incoming
meeting requests and invitations; keeping the Member on schedule throughout the
day; working with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings; coordinating travel arrangements; processing and
managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member; and communicating
with constituents by phone and email to address requests, concerns, and
questions.
Additional responsibilities include other administrative tasks.
Candidates should be highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task,
resourceful, team-oriented, and have a positive attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including
some weekend availability as needed.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Applicants should have previous scheduling
experience (at least one year in a similar position). Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Southern California | Los Angeles Metro area ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-228-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated individual to assume the role of Press Secretary|Digital Director.
The person chosen for the position will work closely with the Communications
Director to develop and execute the Congresswoman’s long-term
communications plan. They will be charged with overseeing the communications
schedule, managing the Member’s digital media accounts, and working with local
and national reporters.

Page 3 of 38

The Press Secretary|Digital Director will be responsible for a wide range of
critical functions, including developing original social media content, designing
graphics, editing and posting videos, maintaining the office’s website, and
managing media lists. Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director
with drafting news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds and other materials.
Qualified applicants must have strong writing, editing, proofreading skills and be
proficient in photography, video recording and editing. They must be detailoriented, news savvy and able to work in a fast-paced, demanding work setting -a sense of humor and ability to be a team player is a must.
Spanish fluency preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous experience in press or relevant social
media experience is required. Experience with Adobe Creative Cloud Products
are a plus. Southern California|Los Angeles ties are a plus.
Successful applicants will need to demonstrate their writing ability by completing
a writing and editing test.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter including salary requirements, and
two writing samples with “Press Secretary” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-227-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly talented and
motivated individual to serve as a Legislative Assistant|CHC Liaison in
Washington, DC House office - with the primary responsibilities of handling the
Member’s immigration, foreign affairs, military, and criminal justice, Homeland
Security Committee work, and serve as Member’s liaison to the Congressional
Hispanic Caucus (CHC). Candidates must have a proven record of proposing
legislation, developing amendments, and leading on letters.
Primary responsibilities include:
•Drafting legislation and amendments and advancing them through various
legislative vehicles;
•Preparing hearing binders and questions for witnesses for Homeland Security
Committee hearings;
•Drafting talking points, vote recommendations and other materials;
•Monitoring and analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings,
news stories and other relevant info; and
•Representing the Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.

Page 4 of 38

Candidates must have an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in a
fast-paced work environment. Strong organizational and time management skills,
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a keen attention to detail
are required.
Spanish language skills preferred. Southern California ties a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two references with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-226-22

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a Field
Representative for her District Office in San Pedro, CA.
Candidate should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, have
the proper demeanor and a comfort in dealing directly with constituents to resolve
challenging requests, highly organized, and the ability to manage multiple tasks
and competing deadlines simultaneously.
Responsibilities for this community focused position include: answer and log
incoming phone calls, conducts casework intake, and work on casework through
completion; identify event and correspondence opportunities in their geographic
and issue areas; staff the Congresswoman and serves as staff representative for
the Congresswoman at community meetings and events; lead or assist with
planning, organizing, and executing district outreach efforts in their geographic
and issue areas; identifying issues related to federal programs for possible
legislation and|or letters; managing correspondence and acknowledgements from
the office; meeting with constituent and community leaders and developing
relationships and networks in their geographic and issue areas; working with
community groups and organizations, local elected officials, and others in the
District to identify potential opportunities for federal funding; and serving as a
liaison with federal, state, and local agencies, and committees.
Knowledge of communities within California’s 44th District and Spanish fluency
preferred. A car and good driving record required.
Candidates must also be able to work a flexible schedule, including some nights
and weekends as required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“CA44 Field Rep” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.

Page 5 of 38

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-225-22

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a District Staff
Assistant for her District Office in San Pedro, CA.
The District Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, supervises the
district internship program, and responds to constituent requests for general
information and other inquiries. This position maintains the front office and
assists district office staff with various administrative duties while maintaining an
external agenda that interacts frequently with constituents. The position will also
support aspects of the Office’s outreach function.
The District Staff Assistant will also be integrated into the Congresswoman’s
scheduling team to assist in the various aspects of District Scheduling.
Candidate should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills,
strong interpersonal skills, have the proper demeanor and a comfort in dealing
directly with constituents to resolve challenging requests, highly organized, the
ability to manage multiple tasks and competing deadlines simultaneously, and
able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Familiarity with communities in California’s 44th District. Spanish fluency and a
car (with good driving record) preferred.
Candidates must also be able to work a flexible schedule, including some nights
and weekends as required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“CA44 Staff Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-224-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
Page 6 of 38

The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
•Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
•Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
•Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
•Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-223-22

Constituent Advocate: The Office of U.S. Representative Chrissy Houlahan,
PA-06 is seeking a customer service oriented, high performing individual to serve
as a Constituent Advocate in our satellite office in Reading, Pennsylvania.

Page 7 of 38

As a Constituent Advocate for a congressional district office, you will be a liaison
between constituents and federal government agencies. You will respond to
constituent requests for assistance – from individuals, businesses, and nonprofits
– and resolve casework issues through inquiries, facilitation, and problem
solving.
You will represent the Congresswoman in meetings and at events in the district
while building and maintaining productive, supportive working relationships with
local government, business groups, non-profit, and other stakeholder groups
within our community of PA-06. Constituent Advocates also identify local
problems that can be solved by federal action and are knowledgeable of the
impact of proposed and enacted federal legislation on stakeholders in our
community.
The right candidate will serve as a critical part of a close-knit team. Applicants
should have an enthusiastic interest in public service, superior attention to detail,
and motivated to serve our community. Excellent written and oral communication
skills are essential, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks, deadlines, and
work well under pressure.
Job responsibilities include outreach to relevant stakeholder groups in our
community and successful candidates must have their own reliable transportation.
Spanish language skills are appreciated. Optimistic demeanor and a good sense of
humor are a must. Connections to Pennsylvania and the 6th district are
advantageous.
Our office hours are 9:00am – 5:00 pm Monday through Friday. Our district staff
alternates days in the office and days in a work-from-home/outreach schedule.
You must be able to attend work duties on some evening and weekends for events
as needed. Starting annual salary is $58,000. Medical benefits, savings and
investment planning, tuition loan reimbursement, and 20 days paid leave are
available as benefits for full time staff members.
Additionally, as Rep. Houlahan believes in actively giving back to our
community, each staff member is allocated 5 additional days of paid leave for
volunteer work.
Please submit resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to PA06HoulahanJobs@gmail.com and indicate “CONSTITUENT
ADVOCATE: (your last name)” in the subject line. No walk-ins or drop-bys,
please. This position will report to the District Director.
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and
minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
Page 8 of 38

sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-222-22

Summary
The Legislative Correspondent will assist the Office of Congressman Kweisi
Mfume with drafting constituent correspondence, tracking constituent contacts on
important legislative issues, and supporting the work of the legislative team in
conjunction with the Legislative Assistants and Chief of Staff.
They will also work with the communications team on the office’s mass email
and mailing programs, and answer phones. Experience with constituent databases
(IQ) and Maryland ties are preferred, but not required. The individual selected
will be organized, detail-oriented, and a strong writer.
Essential Job Functions Required
Perform legislative research;
Draft responses to letters from constituents; and
Provide administrative support and assistance to Legislative Team.
Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree in political science, public relations, or a closely related field
with strong academic credentials. Hill experience preferred.
Skills and Knowledge Required
Strong academic credentials;
Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
Strong oral communication skills;
Knowledge of the legislative process;
Knowledge of current issues and events in MD-07;
Ability to work well under pressure; and
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Working Conditions
Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate. Candidates must have the ability to work in a small workstation
without an expectation of privacy.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample

Page 9 of 38

to MD07employment@mail.house.gov. Include in the subject line “Legislative
Correspondent (Full name).”
The deadline to apply is 12 pm EST on Friday, April 29. No walk-ins or calls,
please.
The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin,
age, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity.
MEM-221-22

Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a Digital/Press Assistant.
Congresswoman Moore is a member of the Ways and Means Committee,
Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and the Select Committee on
Economic Disparity and Fairness in Growth, and her office is looking to expand
its communications team and digital outreach.
The Digital/Press Assistant position will collaborate in a supportive team. This
position reports to the Chief of Staff and the Communications Director. Their
responsibilities will include drafting newsletters, creating digital content for
social media platforms, such as videos and graphics, and assisting with press
events and media interviews.
A strong candidate will be creative, a self-starter, and adaptable in a fast-paced
environment. Great writing skills, experience in graphic design, and a strong
work ethic are essential for this position. Wisconsin ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples,
and an example of previous digital media or graphic design projects
to WI04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Digital/Press Assistant” in the subject
line. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.

MEM-219-22

SUMMARY
Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34), a California member of the Ways and
Means Committee, seeks a motivated and experienced Legislative Director to
oversee the legislative, policy and constituent correspondence operations of his
Washington, DC office. Significant previous legislative, policy and staff
management experience on Capitol Hill is required.
The Legislative Director is primarily responsible for directing the Member’s
legislative priorities. This position also supervises the Member’s Ways and
Means Committee and Oversight and Reform Committee work. This senior staff
position reports to the Chief of Staff and works closely with the Communications
Director and the District Director as part of the Office’s management team.
The ideal applicant will have a demonstrated ability to supervise, manage and
mentor staff, think strategically, and have experience in formulating and
Page 10 of 38

advancing legislation and policy initiatives – both large and small. Successful
applicants will have knowledge of House legislative processes and procedures,
excellent organization and communication skills, and thrive on collaboration with
a talented team.
SALARY AND BENEFITS
Salary is commensurate with experience. The minimum starting salary for this
position is $80,000.
The Office offers excellent benefits, including employer paid health, dental and
vision insurance for employees and their family, Student Loan Repayment
Benefits, and employer contributions to retirement savings plan. Paid time off
includes, per year: 15 vacation days (increasing to 21 days for individuals with
over 3 years of federal employment and 27 for individuals with over 15 years of
federal employment), 12 sick days, 5 bereavement days and 12 weeks of paid
family and medical leave. The office is closed for 14 holidays.
The Office is currently operating on a hybrid model, with all Washington D.C.
staff working in the office on the weeks the House is in session and working
remotely during the district work periods.
COVID-19 POLICY
The Offices believes that we must do all we can to protect the safety, health, and
well-being of employees, guests, our communities, and others with whom we
interact. All offers of employment are contingent on the candidate showing proof
of being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 , absent an applicable legal
exemption.
After an offer has been extended, individuals in need of an exemption from this
policy due to medical reasons, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, may
request an exemption from this policy. You will be asked for additional
information to facilitate the office’s consideration of your request.
EQUITABLE/INCLUSIONARY HIRING PRACTICES
The office is firmly committed to ensuring that all employees, interns, detailees,
and fellows work in an environment free from discrimination, harassment, or
intimidation on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, gender
stereotyping, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age (40 or over),
disability, military status, genetic information, or any basis prohibited by the
Congressional Accountability Act or House Rules.
APPLICATION
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples in a
PDF format to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name _
Legislative Director” by Monday, May 2, 2022.

Page 11 of 38

MEM-218-22

SUMMARY
Congressman Jimmy Gomez, a California member of the Ways and Means
Committee, seeks an organized, detail-oriented individual to serve in the position
of Caseworker in his fast-paced and highly collaborative Los Angeles office.
The selected candidate will work closely with the District Director and Director
of Casework Services. Good judgment, strong customer service skills, a passion
for public service and availability to work some evenings and weekends are
required. The Caseworker will also oversee the internship program.
Candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills, the
capacity to exercise discretion and independent judgment with minimal
supervision, great attention to detail, strong time management skills, an ability to
work under pressure to meet tight deadlines, and strong interpersonal skills.
Fluency in Spanish is preferred but not required.
SALARY AND BENEFITS
Salary is commensurate with experience. The minimum starting salary for this
position is $50,000.
The Office offers excellent benefits, including employer paid health, dental and
vision insurance for employees and their family, Student Loan Repayment
Benefits, and employer contributions to retirement savings plan. Paid time off
includes, per year: 15 vacation days (increasing to 21 days for individuals with
over 3 years of federal employment and 27 for individuals with over 15 years of
federal employment), 12 sick days, 5 bereavement days and 12 weeks of paid
family and medical leave. The office is closed for 14 holidays.
The Office is currently operating on a hybrid model, with all Los Angeles, CA
staff working in the office during the district work periods and working remotely
on the weeks the House is in session.
COVID-19 POLICY
The Office believes that we must do all we can to protect the safety, health, and
well-being of employees, guests, our communities, and others with whom we
interact.
All offers of employment are contingent on the candidate showing proof of being
fully vaccinated against COVID-19, absent an applicable legal exemption. After
an offer has been extended, individuals in need of an exemption from this policy
due to medical reasons, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, may
request an exemption from this policy. You will be asked for additional
information to facilitate the office’s consideration of your request.

Page 12 of 38

EQUITABLE/INCLUSIONARY HIRING PRACTICES
The office is firmly committed to ensuring that all employees, interns, detailees,
and fellows work in an environment free from discrimination, harassment, or
intimidation on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, gender
stereotyping, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age (40 or over),
disability, military status, genetic information, or any basis prohibited by the
Congressional Accountability Act or House Rules.
APPLICATION
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples in a
PDF format to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name _
Caseworker” by Monday, May 2, 2022.
MEM-217-22

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks a bilingual
English/Spanish speaker who is an energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to
join the District Office of her very active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
Importantly, constituent services staff also assist with neighborhood events and
visits community groups in the district.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and in handling multiple tasks and issues effectively while making
sure federal agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds
promptly to constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to communicate fluently in Spanish and
English, work independently, and think outside the box about various constituent
issues and community events. Prior community or casework experience is
helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-216-22

Policy Aide

Page 13 of 38

House Small Business Committee Democrats seeks a policy aide to assist senior
staff on wide ranging policy issues, including, tax, health, retirement, agriculture,
procurement, technology, and other issues.
Core responsibilities include researching, drafting memos, and questions to
support senior staff, drafting reports, assisting in the drafting of legislation, and
other assignments. Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill
or federal agency experience is preferred.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please send cover letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position
name in the subject line.
MEM-214-22

Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (FL- Democrat) seeks a highly motivated
individual to serve as a legislative assistant to cover a policy portfolio that
includes Women’s issues, foreign policy, national security, and children and
family issues.
The ideal applicant should possess a strong background in policy issues
impacting women and girls as well as those relevant to Latin America, the
Caribbean and the Middle East. Excellent critical thinking, written, research and
oral communications skills are required.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: advancing the Member’s priorities
related to this portfolio, crafting legislation and amendments that advance the
Member’s legislative agenda; and preparing issue-area memos and making vote
recommendations on bills in the individual’s legislative portfolio, engaging with
stakeholders, and supporting messaging efforts.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill experience
and proven knowledge of the legislative process will be considered.
South Florida ties are a plus.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume
to FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “FP/WOMEN LA.” Please
save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file
“Last name, First name.”
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Application materials must be received by 12:00pm EST April 29, 2022.
Page 14 of 38

MEM-213-22

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a Wounded Warrior Fellow for his
District Office.
This position is limited to veterans desiring to serve a two-year paid ongressional
Fellowship as part of the House of Representatives Wounded Warrior Fellowship
Program.
Selected Fellows will work directly for Congressman Trone as part of his District
Office staff, located in once of his District Offices. (Gaithersburg, Frederick,
Hagerstown, or Cumberland, MD)
Conditions of Employment:
ALL CANDIDATES MUST BE:
1) Honorably discharged
2) Released from active duty within the last six years.
3) Pay grades at or below E-5/O-3/W-2 4. Veterans promoted to pay grades of E6/O-4/W-3 WITHIN 6-MONTHS OF SEPARATION from active duty are
eligible.
Qualifications:
Detail oriented; excellent organization skills; excellent communication skills;
strong computer skills; ability to complete projects within timelines and under
minimal supervision. Ability to work well under pressure and maintain a
professional and courteous work disposition; ability to exercise discretion and
independent judgment in handling sensitive information; ability to manage
multiple tasks simultaneously. High School Diploma required. Some college
level classes are preferred but not required.
Primary Responsibilities:
●Serve as the official representative for the Member in the Veterans community.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations in the Veterans community to form
effective relationships for the Member.
●Monitor and update the Member and District Director on issues facing military
members and veterans in the district.
●Provide direct casework assistance to military members and veterans in a timely
and efficient manner; proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is
reached.
●Assess veterans issues that constituents are facing for problems requiring
possible legislative action; make recommendations to the District and Legislative
Directors.
●Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
To apply, please go to the following link to submit your application:
Page 15 of 38

https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/478?c=house&source
=USAJobs.
No phone calls or walk-ins.
MEM-212-22

CONSTITUENT SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE
OFFICE of CONGRESSMAN EARL L. “BUDDY” CARTER
SUMMARY:
The Constituent Services Representative acts as a liaison to federal, state, and
local agencies as well as external organizations for the Congressman and
constituents of the First District. Additionally, the CSR monitors local issues for
the Congressman and the Office and serves and the representative of the Office at
public events.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal and written communications with constituents, and serving as
a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies as well as external
organizations;
*Informs the Congressman and the District Director of all happenings in his or
her assigned areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
*Handles casework assignments;
*Specializes in Veterans Affairs and events;
*Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Office;
*Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director;
*Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Congressman with constituents;
*Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
*Trains and supervises interns to handle office matters such as logging incoming
and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and computer
operations;
*Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
*Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in his or her assigned areas;
*Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
*Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the Office;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the Office;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff, and
constituents;
Page 16 of 38

*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least 2 years of experience; strong academic credentials. Alternatively, 10
years of related experience or training in legislation or equivalent experience.
Experience working with the U.S. Military, Department of Veterans Affairs,
and/or veterans services organizations is preferred.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong oral and written communication skills;
*Knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
*Experience with the U.S. Military, veterans issues, organizations and the
Department of Veterans Affairs;
*Professional telephone manner;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
*Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications; and
*Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate.
To apply, please submit a resume to Brooke.childers@mail.house.com
MEM-211-22

Rep. Katie Porter (CA-45) is seeking a Staff Assistant in her DC office. The
ideal candidate is organized, detail oriented, able to multitask effectively in a fastpaced environment and has strong interpersonal skills.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
•Respond to constituent messages through phone calls, emails, or handwritten
notes as needed
•Create a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the office to
constituents and visitors
•Answer incoming phone calls to log opinions, connect staffers to outside
stakeholders, and direct callers to appropriate resources
Page 17 of 38

•Enter and organize incoming constituent messages into the IQ database
•Compile and organize flag and tour requests, and the distribution of books to
schools through the Library of Congress Surplus Books Program
•Assist the scheduler with day to day office operations, organizing constituent
requests, and other projects as needed
•Assist with managing the DC internship program
•Draft form letters responding to constituent concerns
•Draft co-sponsor requests, meeting memos, talking points, and remarks for the
Congresswoman, as needed by the legislative team
•Perform other duties as assigned by the Administrative and Legislative Team,
and the Chief of Staff
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.
To apply, send a cover letter and resume to ResumesCA45@mail.house.gov with
“DC Staff Assistant” in the subject line. The deadline for submission is 4/26/22.
MEM-209-22

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff (majority)
seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized staff assistant for fastpaced committee office.
Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front office such as receptionist
duties, answering phones, greeting visitors, ensuring that office and meeting
rooms are kept in order, supporting staff in preparations for committee events
such as hearings, markups, meetings, and events, delivering documents and
obtaining signatures on letters, training and supervising interns, handling and
sorting incoming mail, maintaining both digital and paper records and files,
maintaining office supplies and mastering basic equipment operations, assisting
other staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and other
duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, attention to detail, professionalism, exceptional time management skills,
and an ability to work collaboratively.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Hill experience preferred but not required.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-208-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks an experienced
Communications Director based in the DC office to develop and execute the
Page 18 of 38

Congressman’s communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and
Means, Armed Services, and Budget committees.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to Congressman Horsford and will supervise the work of
junior communications staff. They will be responsible for executing an
aggressive communications plan that generates positive local and national media
coverage, reaches diverse communities, and expands the Congressman’s reach to
new audiences.
Responsibilities include but is not limited to:
•Working with Congressman Horsford, the Chief of Staff, the Deputy Chief of
Staff, and the District Director to develop strategic messaging priorities.
•Managing all day-to-day external communications from the office, including
press releases, remarks, floor speeches, interview memos, newsletters, op-eds,
and social media.
•Proactively identifying opportunities to expand Congressman Horsford’s local
and national media profile and working closely with the Congressional Black
Caucus, the House Labor Caucus, and other affiliated caucuses on shared
priorities.
•Pitching stories to local and national press and planning press conferences, press
calls, and other press events.
•Developing a strategic plan and budget for all communications programs.
•Designing and implementing a creative digital communications program,
including both paid advertising and organic social media. The Communications
Director will also be responsible for keeping the Congressman’s website up-todate.
•Overseeing franked communications and a robust 499 program.
This is not an entry-level position, and candidates must have previous press
experience on or off Capitol Hill. Strong oral and written communications skills
are required. Prior experience managing franked communications is a plus.
The ideal candidate must be collaborative, creative, energetic, detail-oriented,
able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fastpaced and demanding setting.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Experience with video editing and graphic design is also a plus and Nevada ties a
plus.
Page 19 of 38

Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three writing samples, and three
professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-206-22

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability
Assistance and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
•Must be able to pass a Public Trust Background Investigation;
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Attention to detail.
DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with full Committee hearings on matters within Subcommittee
jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
•Reviewing the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and
other publications for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Minority agenda, briefing of Members, and
development of questions;
Page 20 of 38

•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Drafting remarks for Ranking Member and suggested questions for hearing;
•Preparation of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee Ranking
Members on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Ranking
Member, Staff Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee
staff, as needed.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send résumés and cover letter only to the following email address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “DAMA Republican
Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-205-22

Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence is seeking a hard-working and dynamic
individual to serve as a Staff Assistant in her Washington, D.C. office.
Staff Assistant responsibilities include managing the front office; greeting
visitors; sorting mail; answering phones; processing flag requests; booking and
coordinating tours; managing the office’s internship program; assisting with
constituent correspondence via IQ; compiling and sending daily press clips; and
transporting/driving the member to events in Washington, D.C. (a personal
vehicle is not required).
The salary for this position is $55,000. Applicants with ties to Michigan are
preferred, but not required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and veterans, LGBTQ+ individuals,
women, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates
should submit a resume and cover letter to MI14District@gmail.com by COB
April 18, 2022.
No calls or walk-ins, please

MEM-204-22

The Democratic staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a Staff Assistant.
Candidates should have excellent organizational skills and strong research,
writing, and communication skills.
Responsibilities include overseeing Committee hearing and markup logistics -which often include being physically present; serving as assistant clerk during
markups; providing administrative and research support to the Staff Director,
Deputy Staff Director/Senior Advisor, and Deputy Staff Director/Chief Counsel;
coordinating the Deputy Staff Director/Chief Counsel’s calendar and the

Page 21 of 38

Committee’s calendar; co-managing the intern program; and managing
Committee administrative needs.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and include
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
MEM-203-22

Scheduler & Office Manager – Congressman Glenn “GT” Thompson
The office of Congressman Glenn "GT" Thompson (PA-15), Ranking Member of
the House Agriculture Committee, is seeking a highly motivated, detail-oriented,
and energetic individual with excellent organizational, oral, and written
communications skills to serve as Scheduler & Office Manager in the
Washington, D.C. office.
This is not an entry-level position. Viable candidates will have at minimum three
years of prior scheduling or executive assistant experience.
Responsibilities include managing the Member's D.C. schedule, correspondence,
travel, financial record keeping, staff and Member receipts for reimbursement,
and aiding the Chief of Staff with various administrative duties.
Strong organizational skills are essential, along with the ability to be a self-starter
while working in a fast-paced environment. Candidates should be team-oriented
and have the ability to multi-task. Pennsylvania ties, prior Capitol Hill
experience, and a sense of humor are preferred, but not required.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter and resume via email
to Renee.Gamela@mail.house.gov with "Scheduler" in the subject line. No walkins or calls please.

MEM-202-22

The Office of the Parliamentarian in the U.S. House of Representatives seeks a
Systems Administrator.
Core functions of the position include:
-maintaining and managing all office computers, servers, and associated
equipment and software;
-maintaining and managing other office communications technology, including
cell phones and tablets;
-serving as a liaison between the office and House Information Resources;
-serving as principal contact for office staff and for outside vendors with respect
to database issues;
Page 22 of 38

-SQL database maintenance, including uploading and storing files, batch
processing of data, and coordinating with the office as needed to export material
from the database to aid in publications work;
-ensuring all electronic devices and files are maintained in a secure manner;
-managing procurement of information technology for the office; and
-coordinating with outside vendors and the Government Publishing Office as
needed.
The Systems Administrator will assist the Office of the Parliamentarian in
traditional IT areas as well as in some aspects of digital publication.
Candidates must have:
-a degree in computer science or a related field;
-strong academic credentials;
-thorough knowledge of Microsoft Excel, XMetaL, SQL, and other current
computer software and applications;
-the ability communicate with industry peers;
-superior attention to detail;
-a desire to work in a fast-paced environment; and
-the ability to work on a flexible schedule.
Prior experience in the legislative branch is strongly preferred. Please note that
while many aspects of this position may be performed remotely, some cannot.
Accordingly, the position requires physical presence in the U.S. Capitol building
on a regular basis.
Applicants may e-mail a resume and cover letter using the word "resume" in the
subject to Mr. Jason Smith, Parliamentarian, at jason.smith@mail.house.gov.
MEM-200-22

The Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. (NC-12) seeks a Staff
Assistant for the Washington, DC office.
Duties will include:
•Managing the front office, answering phones, greeting visitors, scheduling tours,
processing constituent requests and incoming mail, and managing a robust intern
program.
•Assisting the Legislative Correspondent in sorting and batching correspondence,
as well as drafting routine responses.
•Other duties as assigned, including assisting staff on special projects.
Candidates should have superior time management skills, work well under time
constraints, and have excellent communication skills. Multi-tasking, enthusiasm,
good sense of humor, and keen attention to detail are necessary. North Carolina
ties are a plus but not required.

Page 23 of 38

Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two brief writing
samples along with three references to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov.
Please use STAFF ASSISTANT in the subject line when submitting your
materials. The office is an equal opportunity employer.
MEM-199-22

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a Staff
Assistant/Press Aide to support the Committee with administrative tasks and
assist the Communications team.
The Staff Assistant/Press Aide will be responsible for administrative tasks in the
office including managing the front office, processing constituent mail,
monitoring office deliveries, organizing files, answering phones, greeting
visitors; and other assigned duties, such as tracking legislation or compiling
committee reports.
The Staff Assistant/Press Aide will also help manage and support Committee
hearings. The Staff Assistant/Press Aide will oversee morning clips, help with
updating media lists, and assist the Communications team with other duties
including drafting social media, press releases, remarks, hearing rapid response,
and other items necessary to execute the Committee’s communications strategy.
Additionally, the Staff Assistant/Press Aide will manage the internship program.
The Staff Assistant/Press Aide reports to the Committee Clerk.
Qualified candidates will be extremely organized, detail-oriented, and able to
handle assigned tasks in a fast-paced office. The position requires excellent oral
and written communication skills, a demonstrated ability to constructively work
on a team, a positive attitude, and the ability to anticipate problems and offer
solutions.
A bachelor’s degree and congressional experience is a plus, but neither is
required. One year of relevant volunteer or work experience may be substituted
for each year of education.
In an effort to build a diverse and more inclusive work environment, the
committee strongly encourages veterans, minorities, women, people with
disabilities, and LGBTQ+ candidates to apply. Salary range is $45-$55k,
commensurate with experience.
All candidates are required to complete an Online Application to be considered.
There you can upload your resume, cover letter, and writing sample.

MEM-197-22

A Senior Republican Congressman from Ohio is looking for an experienced
scheduler in his personal office.

Page 24 of 38

This individual will work closely with the Member and Chief of Staff on all
scheduling matters related to Washington and official travel. Qualified candidates
must have prior scheduling experience, a keen attention to detail, and discretion
in handling sensitive. Salary $60k+ with max student loan repayment benefits.
Owning a car is required for this position - parking will be provided.
To apply, please submit resumes to OHRepublicanJobOpps@gmail.com
MEM-196-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a Staff Assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will run the range of assisting the legislative, constituent services
and administrative functions of the office, to include scheduling. The scheduling
duties include but are not limited to managing all aspects of the Congressman’s
daily and long-term schedule in D.C., Hawai‘i and elsewhere. Direct report is to
the Chief of Staff, although the Congressman is routinely involved in all aspects
of his office operations.
Preference given to (1) prior Capitol Hill experience and (2) Hawai‘i background.
Applicants are asked to detail these attributes in their application package. The
position also requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, multitasking, the
ability to work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and
solve problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing
skills, and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-195-22

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.

Page 25 of 38

Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $41,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-194-22

Senior California Democrat and member of the Energy and Commerce
Committee looks for a Legislative Assistant to focus on a portfolio of energy,
environment, and climate and handle the Congresswoman’s Energy and
Commerce Energy Subcommittee work and her role as co-chair of the House
Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition (SEEC) and co-chair of the SEEC
Nature and Oceans Task Force.
This role will be focused on natural climate solutions, clean energy, clean
transportation, environmental justice, and energy equity policy. The portfolio will
also likely include women’s issues, immigration work, and potentially a few
other issues.
This is not an entry-level position and Hill experience is strongly preferred, but
not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority applicants are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample in a single PDF
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com

MEM-192-22

The Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark (MA-5) is currently accepting
applications for the position of District Staff Assistant.
The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, processes mail, assists
with constituent casework, drafts correspondence, and performs other
administrative duties as needed. The Staff Assistant is also responsible for
overseeing a robust internship program, including recruiting, interviewing, hiring,
and supervising interns.
This role requires impeccable judgment and the ability to prioritize myriad tasks.
The ideal candidate should be personable, organized, and detail-oriented.
Applicants must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and
the ability to work cooperatively with others.

Page 26 of 38

Office staff are currently working in person, remotely, or in a hybrid model
depending on the needs and safety of the office during the COVID-19 pandemic.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ+ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Essential Job Functions:
•Manages the office intern program, ensuring smooth front office operational
duties
•Works with constituent services representatives to ensure efficient casework
intake using the office’s internal database
•Assists persons who have appointments with the Member or other staff Members
and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the Members’
appointments are on time
•Maintains literature regarding the District and DC offices for distribution to
visitors
•Coordinates the filing and indexing of all correspondence
•Maintains office inventory and signs for deliveries
•Provides orientation and training for new staff
•Supervises the reception desk, mail operations, and administrative files
•Assumes responsibility for overall office appearance and layout
•Maintains the office answering machine or voice mail
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other offices
•Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework or opinions
•Performs other duties as assigned
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing samples
to Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov.
All materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-191-22

Conservative Ohio office seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent for
DC Office. The ideal candidate will be highly motivated, organized, a good
writer and able to handle a variety of projects at the same time.
The successful applicant will be working side by side the office’s other SA / LC
and will together run the DC office’s constituent services – tours, flags, and mail.
Ohio ties preferred, but not required.

Page 27 of 38

Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Answering phone calls and greeting guests in the office
•Providing tours and training interns to do the same
•Sorting incoming correspondence
•Drafting letters
•Assisting staff in a variety of projects, as assigned
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter with the subject line “Staff
Assistant / Legislative Coordinator– Last Name”
to Midwestern.Job@mail.house.gov.
MEM-185-22

Digital Resident
The House Democratic Caucus is seeking a motivated, detail-oriented Digital
Resident to work full-time in a fast-paced leadership office. Resident will be
primarily responsible for assisting with the execution of digital campaigns and
creating content for various social media platforms.
The residency program will also include an educational work component in
which residents will attend and manage hybrid congressional events, conduct
research, draft internal documents and participate in professional development
sessions. Proficiency with social media platforms, graphic design, video editing
software and other creative design programs (Adobe Creative Cloud, Canva, etc.)
is required.
Ideal applicants will have a professional and positive attitude, a demonstrated
knowledge of House Democrats, proactive problem-solving abilities and strong
writing skills. The term of this paid residency will be from May 2022 to
September 2022. Applicants must be able to work full-time (40 hours per week)
in-person in Washington, D.C. and may occasionally be asked to work additional
morning/evening hours.
Applicants should send one PDF file including their resume, cover letter, digital
portfolio/samples along with three professional references
to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “APPLICANT
NAME Summer 2022 Digital Residency Application.” Women, people of color,
LGBTQIA+ individuals, veterans and those with disabilities are encouraged to
apply.
The deadline to submit applications is Friday, April 29, 2022 at 5:00 p.m. ET. No
drop-ins or calls, please.

MEM-184-22

SUMMARY:
District Office Outreach Coordinator

Page 28 of 38

Field Representatives play a critical forward-facing role in the Member’s district
office. Their responsibilities include serving as the Member’s community
representative. This includes monitoring and updating the Member and District
Director on important local issues, emerging trends, and critical developments.
They work with Constituent Service Director and the broader field team to ensure
effective communication with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
•Builds and maintains relationships with identified constituents and key
community leaders and stakeholders
•Maintains and manages the Engagement Database
•Ensures outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
•Serves as a representative for the Member on boards and commissions as
determined by the District Director
•Coordinates closely with the District Director and D.C. staff to ensure district
priorities are reflective in legislative priorities
•Informs the District Director and the Member on up-and-coming issues in the
district
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least a bachelor’s degree in Government Affairs, Business, Social Work, or
related field OR in lieu of a Bachelor's degree, 3-5 years of relevant work
experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Familiarity with Maryland 7th Congressional District
•Expertise in developing and maintaining relationships with constituents and
community leaders
•Political savvy and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong decision-making skills
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate
•Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy
•Frequent In-District travel
Applicants should submit resumes to md07resumes@mail.house.gov
MEM-183-22

District Office Constituent Service Representative
SUMMARY:
The District Office Caseworker acts a constituent liaison for the Member. This
position also monitors and updates the Member and District Director on district
Page 29 of 38

and local issues. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local
agencies for the Member and constituents and answers casework correspondence
and verbal communications with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
▪Handles a dedicated portfolio of casework assignments;
▪Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
▪Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
▪Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
▪Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Member;
▪Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Legislative Director.
▪Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
▪Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
▪Trains and supervises Staff Assistants, including interns, to handle office matters
such as logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors,
telephone calls, and computer operations;
▪Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
▪Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
▪Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
▪Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
▪Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
▪Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
▪Works under pressure and handles stress;
▪Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
▪Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least 2 years of experience; strong academic credentials. Alternatively, 5 years
of related experience or training in legislation or equivalent similar experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
▪Strong oral and written communication skills;
▪Strong knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments;

Page 30 of 38

▪Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
▪Professional telephone manner;
▪Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
▪Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
▪Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
▪Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
▪Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
▪Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
▪Knowledge of office computer applications; and
▪Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
▪Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate.
▪Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
Applicants should submit resumes to md07resumes@mail.house.gov
MEM-182-22

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for an investigative counsel position.
The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members
and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives.
This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to conduct impartial
investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications skills, as well as
the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before
the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics;
campaign finance; criminal law; employment law, including the laws governing
sexual harassment in the workplace; civil litigation; administrative investigations
and adjudications; depositions; and financial accounting. Salary commensurate
with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel”
in the subject line.

Page 31 of 38

MEM-180-22

Democratic Congressman seeks a Staff Assistant/Press Assistant. Staff
Assistant responsibilities include: answering phones, greeting visitors when the
office reopens, managing tour and flag requests, sorting/batching correspondence,
drafting letters and providing administrative and legislative support as needed.
Press Assistant responsibilities include: compiling press clips,
drafting/monitoring social media posts, designing graphics and web content and
other press duties as assigned. Applicants must have strong writing skills and be a
detail oriented team player. Maryland ties and knowledge of Intertrac or IQ are a
plus.
Interested applicants should e-mail 1) a resume, 2) a cover letter, and 3) two brief
writing samples to employment@mail.house.gov with the subject “Staff
Assistant/Press Assistant: LAST NAME.”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, veterans, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-179-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking an experienced Staff
Assistant for his Honolulu district office.
Duties include but are not limited to greeting visitors and answering constituent
calls and requests for general information, tours and other inquiries. This position
also is responsible for a wide variety of administrative duties and acts as a liaison
to the federal, district and local government agencies on behalf of the
Congressman on requests by constituents for assistance with individual issues.
Direct report to the Deputy Chief of Staff in the Honolulu office, although the
position also interacts directly with the Congressman and his Washington, D.C.
office.
Very strong preference given to (1) prior experience, especially in comparable
duties and (2) Hawai‘i background/community involvement and applicants are
asked to detail these attributes. The position also requires initiative, strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and effectively
under pressure, make decisions and solve problems, orientation to detail,
excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and long and unpredictable
hours.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

Page 32 of 38

MEM-177-22

The Office of Congressman Mark Takano is seeking an organized, detail-oriented
individual to serve in the position of Staff Assistant/Digital Assistant in our
Riverside District Office.
As Staff Assistant, this person will provide administrative support to the District
Director, recruit and manage the office interns, greet visitors, answer phones,
respond to constituent requests for services including casework claims, and staff
the Congressman at events, some of which will be during the evening or
weekend.
As Digital Assistant, they will help maintain the office’s digital media presence,
draft content, design graphics and edit video. An ideal candidate will have
experience with graphic design software and video editing.
The Office of Congressman Mark Takano is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin,
age, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. The salary range for the
position is $42,000 to $50,000 commensurate with experience.
To apply, please send a resume to CA41.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-176-22

Press Secretary
The House Judiciary Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated and
hardworking communications professional to join a fast-paced communications
team to help manage communications for the full committee and subcommittees.
Responsibilities include drafting communications materials (news releases,
statements, talking points, etc.); managing public notices for the Committee and
Subcommittee’s work, helping with press inquiries; maintaining media
directories of reporters who cover the committee; and coordinating with the
Committee’s communications team and staff of committee members.
Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral communication skills;
the ability to comprehend and summarize complex legislation quickly; a proven
ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks; and sound
political judgment. Candidates should have at least 2 years of relevant experience.
Prior Hill or campaign experience, as well as familiarity with judiciary issues is
preferred.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Page 33 of 38

Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to Job.Jdem@mail.house.gov. Please include “Press Secretary” in the
subject line.
MEM-149-22

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active and
visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework distribution;
answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings, condolences and
congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities may also include
casework assignments if the District Director finds that the staff assistant can take
on such work while paying the required attention to his/her already assigned
tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting, training,
scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move
immediately to D.C., if hired.
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov

MEM-080-22

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR –The bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus
(PSC) seeks an innovative, strategic, and experienced communications director
based in Washington, D.C. The staff member in this position proactively
promotes and helps build the Caucus’s national image and manage its press,
social media, website, and communications operations.
The communications director works closely with the executive director, PSC cochairs, and member office staff to carry out assigned duties. This position is
responsible for helping plan, draft, and coordinate communications activities to
advance caucus priorities, including pitching stories, developing social media
content, writing press releases, and maintaining positive working relationships
with members of the media. The communications director organizes Caucus press
conferences, coordinates outside speaking requests, produces caucus-oriented
talking points, and works collaboratively with member offices.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least two years of
previous communications experience, including Capitol Hill experience and
relationships with the congressional press corps. A disposition aligned with the
caucus mission of breaking the gridlock in Congress by promoting bipartisan,
bicameral collaboration and policies is essential.
Page 34 of 38

Candidates must possess strong writing, communication, and organizational
skills, digital and social media savviness, creativity, and the ability to work with
members and their staff under tight deadlines. Candidates should also be familiar
with graphic design, website and social media design, videography, and
constructing and conveying messages to a national audience through print,
television, and digital media.
Salary range for this position is $50,000 to $58,000 plus benefits. The Problem
Solvers Caucus is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, national origin, or military status.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and at least two professional references
to Jaclyn.ODay@mail.house.gov, with the subject line “PSC Communications
Director.”
MEM-069-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks a Press Media
Secretary based in the DC office to work closely with the Communications
Director, based in the district office to develop and execute the Congressman’s
communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and Means, Armed
Services, and Budget committees.
The Press Media Secretary must be and stay up to date with the latest digital,
technical, and social media trends. Able to express the Congressman's voice
creatively and promote social media presence, ensuring high web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines. This position serves as a
part of the Communications team and reports directly to the Director of
Communications based in the district, however, this person will be the main point
of contact in the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
• Acts as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Managing the Congressman’s social media platforms, developing a weekly
content calendar, and drafting rapid response content during breaking news
moments.
• Maintaining the Congressman’s website and drafting new website content
covering key policy issues.
• Preparing daily press clip summaries and monitoring the Congressman’s media
mentions.
• Writing a weekly newsletter, creating digital ads, and participating in other
efforts to keep constituents of Nevada’s Fourth District informed about the work
of a busy Congressional office.
Page 35 of 38

• Helping to plan and staff communications-focused events for the Congressman,
both in-district and in Washington D.C.
• Writing short-form speeches and video scripts and preparing video clips of the
Congressman for public distribution.
• Building relationships with allies and online influencers to amplify
Congressman Horsford’s digital message and expand his online reach.
• Perform all other duties as required
The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work closely with
legislative and district staff. The ideal candidate will have experience in or
interest in learning about aspects of the office’s traditional press operations,
including writing press releases, drafting talking points and speeches, forming
relationships with members of the media, and pitching stories.
This is an ideal position for someone with 1-2 years of communications or digital
experience. Applicants must be passionate about public service, well-organized,
and have the ability to work on weekends and holidays when necessary.
Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other
languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply. Experience
with video editing and graphic design is also a plus. Nevada ties are a plus, but
not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, three writing samples, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Press/Media Secretary” in the subject
line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-594-21

Job Announcement: Field Representative
Southern California Republican Member of the House
Are you looking for an exciting and fast-paced career in public service? A
Southern California Republican has an immediate need to hire a full-time Field
Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to
join our high-energy team.
Basic Functions
The Field Representative serves an important role in the Member’s Congressional
District, acting as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents. They are responsible for strengthening community
relations and assessing casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or
Page 36 of 38

Congressional oversight.
Duties
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative briefs the Member in preparation for district meetings with
constituents and acts as the representative for the Member by attending events
and meetings. This includes public speaking and certificate presentations. The
Field Representative will:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
•Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
•Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
Requirements
•Expertise developing and executing a community relations strategy
•Experience in maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders
•Political savvy and comfort navigating complicated situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including nights and
weekends
•Constituent service oriented; patient empathetic, with a desire to help
constituents
Position Qualifications/Education
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with Orange County is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline
Salary starts at $3,500 per month. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to
Stephanie Hu, District Director
Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.

Page 37 of 38

MEM-539-21

Nevada’s 4th District Democratic Member of Congress seeks a highly organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for a position in our North Las Vegas,
Nevada District office. Candidates must be comfortable working with the public,
have excellent oral and written communication skills, problem solving abilities.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests, answering
phones, conducting tours, overseeing an active mail program;
•Sorting/batching correspondence, drafting correspondence and ensuring a swift
turnaround time;
•Responding to constituent mail, keeping abreast of legislative developments, and
meeting with constituent groups;
•Assisting District Representatives as needed, and
•Perform all other duties as assigned and required
The ideal candidate will be/must have:
•Passionate about public service and committed to democratic values;
•Strong writing, communication skills and be detail-oriented;
•Have advanced experience with spreadsheets and forms,
•A poised, confident, self-starter, and team-player with a sense of humor; and
•The ability to work in a high-paced environment.
•The ability work weekends and holidays
•Have reliable transportation, auto insurance and a clean driving record
•Currently enrolled in an ungraduated degree program at a college or university
or have a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in the related fields of human services
or social work, and a minimum of one-year relevant experience in community or
human services.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Spanish language skills and District ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, one writing sample and
three professional references in a single PDF file. Email submissions to the
Director of Administration, nv04resume@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-DSA-2 __last name, First name".

Page 38 of 38

