House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 5, 2018

MEM-394-18

Republican Congressman seeks Staff Assistant to manage day-to-day office
operations, process flag and tour requests, and act as primary front office
staff. Duties will include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, overseeing
internship program, and ordering office supplies. Successful candidates must
be professional and friendly, demonstrate ability to quickly address and solve
problems, possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail, and
be able to work quickly in a fast-paced environment. Please send resume and
cover letter to gopwesternjob@gmail.com. No walk ins or phone calls.

MEM-388-18

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active
and visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework
distribution; answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings,
condolences and congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities
may also include casework assignments if the District Director finds that the
staff assistant can take on such work while paying the required attention to
Page 1 of 4

his/her already assigned tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern
coordinator by recruiting, training, scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to
move immediately to D.C., if hired.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov .

MEM-379-18

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a Senior Legislative Aide with a
minimum of three years of Hill experience. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Advanced degree a
plus. Spanish ability a plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use title on your email: Senior
LA Position. No drop-ins please. Texas ties are a plus though not necessary.

MEM-375-18

“Southern Republican Congressman is seeking a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent to join a fast-paced, hardworking team. The ideal candidate
will be detail oriented, well organized and must have exceptional
interpersonal skills and excellent oral and written communication skills.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to answering constituent phone
calls, greeting visitors, leading Capitol tours and assisting the staff by
performing various tasks. This position requires an ability to multi-task,
prioritize duties, and perform under pressure – all with a keen attention to
detail. A car and Tennessee ties are required. Please send resumes to
tngopapplications@gmail.com. Phone calls and drop-ins not accepted.”

MEM-371-18

The office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson seeks a Legislative
Director in her Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include
developing and implementing the Member’s legislative priorities, advising
her on various issues, and managing the legislative agenda. A well matched
candidate will have substantive legislative experience, strong academic
credentials and proven leadership and organizational skills. Moreover, the
candidate should possess excellent oral and written communication skills,
strong editing and proofreading skills, the ability to work well under pressure,
an extensive knowledge of the legislative process, and the availability to work
long hours.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill
experience and proven knowledge of legislative and political processes will
be considered. Law degree, previous capitol hill experience in a leadership
position and Florida ties are strongly preferred. To apply, please submit
Page 2 of 4

cover letter and resume in one single pdf to
FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Director” in the
subject line by October 31, 2018.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

Page 3 of 4

Page 4 of 4

