House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 17, 2015
MEM-245-15

West Coast Democrat is seeking highly organized, hard-working legislative
director with extensive knowledge of the legislative process and House
Rules. Applicants must have LD experience or a minimum of 3 years Senior
LA experience and demonstrate an ability to manage and mentor staff, think
strategically, develop and implement legislative plans and achieve results.
A successful candidate will have excellent writing, analytical, and oral
communications skills along with a good sense of humor.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and two short writing samples
to westcoastdem2015@gmail.com.

MEM-244-15

West Virginia Republican Congressman is accepting applications for a staff
assistant for his Washington, D.C. office. Duties will include managing front
office desk, answering telephones, greeting visitors, conducting and
organizing tours, processing flag requests and assisting D.C. staff with
various projects. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills, time
Page 1 of 6

management skills, and writing skills. West Virginia ties are preferred.
Please send a cover letter and resume to WV03Job@gmail.com with “Staff
Assistant” listed in the subject header. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-227-15

Colorado Republican seeking an experienced Communications Director
with strong writing skills. Responsible for all media planning and outreach,
including press releases, op-eds, speeches, talking points and statements, as
well as managing all digital and social media content and overseeing franked
mail. A successful candidate will have at least three to five years of
communications experience, including “on-the-record” experience, and
expertise in placing or managing digital media. Political experience and
thorough knowledge of the legislative process a plus. Salary is competitive.
Please send a cover letter, writing sample and resume to
ColoradoRepublican06@gmail.com.

MEM-221-15

Tennessee Democratic Congressman seeks a staff assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office. Duties will include managing front desk, greeting
visitors, answering telephones, conducting and organizing tours, processing
flag requests, assisting the D.C. staff on various projects, maintaining office
equipment and supplies, writing member’s correspondence, and serving as
intern coordinator. Applicants should have extraordinary organizational
skills, outstanding time management skills, excellent writing skills,
superlative communications skills, familiarity with the Microsoft Office Suite,
a positive attitude and a sense of humor.
Please e-mail cover letter and resume to cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov.
Absolutely no phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins, please.

MEM-213-15

Northern California Democrat Seeks Legislative Correspondent –
Primary responsibilities include coordinating an active mail program with
quick response time, researching legislative issues, and drafting responses to
constituent inquires. Candidates should have excellent organizational and
written skills and the ability to work well as part of a team. This is not an
entry level job and previous Hill experience is preferred.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and two recent writing samples to
CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.

MEM-210-15

Congressman Xavier Becerra is seeking to immediately fill a full-time job
opening for a Staff Assistant position in his district office.
Position Description:
As the primary administrative staff member in the District Office, Staff
Assistant duties include (but are not limited to): answer phones; handle mail
Page 2 of 6

and faxes; greet and direct visitors; maintain order and efficiency of front and
back offices; order supplies; organize office files; coordinate vendor service
needs; research the status of some legislation; draft some correspondence.
Work on special projects as needed. In the absence of the District Scheduler,
the Staff Assistant will serve as back-up and help facilitate any scheduling
requests.
Casework duties include (but are not limited to): Assist constituents with their
individual cases pertaining to federal agencies. As the “front-line”
caseworker, help constituents with non-federal questions to find appropriate
resources.
This position may require work on weekends and holidays.
Qualifications:
Strong written, communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability
to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer
service manners. Bachelor’s degree required. Good computer skills, including
proficiency and experience with Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher
and Power Point. Candidate must have an understanding of government
agencies and structure (local, county, state and federal). Must be able to work
efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be able to meet strict
deadlines and balance multiple projects. Attention to detail and accuracy is
essential. Candidate should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to
excellence, upbeat demeanor and flexibility. Salary will depend on the
experience of the applicant. Bilingual skills a plus.
To apply:
All interested individuals should email a cover letter and resume to
Resume.California@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
MEM-207-15

Conservative Texan is seeking a Legislative Assistant for his Washington,
DC office. Legislative responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
Agriculture, Energy, Taxes, Judiciary, Environment, and Veterans issues, as
well as, drafting memos and providing voting recommendations. Candidates
must possess strong writing and organizational skills. Capitol Hill experience
and Texas ties are strongly preferred.
All prospective applicants can email cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to TXGOPJob@gmail.com.

Page 3 of 6

MEM-197-15

Rep. Keith Ellison (MN-05) is accepting applications for an Executive
Assistant/Office Manager position. The Executive Assistant/Office
Manager will manage and prepare the Member’s schedule, respond to all
scheduling requests, arrange the Member’s travel, and provide and assist with
local travel. The Executive Assistant/Office Manager will order and maintain
office supplies, will maintain office personnel files, and will work closely
with the staff assistant and interns. This position requires candidates with
proven experience in administrative roles, knowledge of the Congressional
work setting, and comfort working one-on-one with the Member and his
Chief of Staff. Strong written and oral communication skills, superior
organizational skills, attention to detail, ability to work in an extremely fast
paced office, and flexibility to work late hours on short notice
are necessary for the position. Owning or having consistent access to a car is
required. This is not an entry level position. Minnesota ties a plus.
Please send resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to mn05position@mail.house.gov. Please include references.

MEM-172-15

Active Democrat House Members seeks experienced, media savvy
Communications Director to run aggressive press operation in fast-paced
office. Duties include: managing day-to-day press operations in D.C. and the
district, developing communication strategy, drafting press releases, op-eds,
talking points and other content, overseeing and planning media events,
preparing member, developing relationships with local and national reporters,
and working in conjunction with outreach director and district staff. Ideal
candidate will have on-the-record experience and excellent writing skills.
Hill or other political experience/California ties a plus.
Please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
jo.th@mail.house.gov. Please, no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-165-15

Congressman Xavier Becerra is seeking to immediately fill a full-time job
opening for a Field Deputy position in his district office. The Field Deputy
serves as the congressman’s liaison with the community, local organizations
and government agencies; staff and/or represent the congressman at events;
advise the congressman about local issues; help organize community based
meetings and events; implement proactive constituent outreach program;
prepare Member for speeches and meetings; draft correspondence. This
position requires work hours beyond the normal 8-hour work day and will
include work on weekends and holidays.
Qualifications:
Strong written, communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability
to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer
service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
Page 4 of 6

Minimum two (2) years of experience working directly with the community at
large. Knowledge of the Asian Pacific Islander communities a plus. Good
computer skills, including proficiency and experience with Microsoft Word,
Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point. Bachelor’s degree required.
Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government agencies and
structure (local, county, state and federal). Must be able to work efficiently
and effectively as a member of a team, be able to meet strict deadlines,
balance multiple projects simultaneously and work under pressure. Attention
to detail and accuracy is essential. Candidate should demonstrate a positive
attitude, commitment to excellence, upbeat demeanor and flexibility.
Candidate should expect weekend, some holidays, and after-hours
assignments.
Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.
Bilingual skills a plus.
To apply: All interested individuals should email a cover letter, resume and
salary history to Resume.California@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
MEM-153-15

Established Member of Congress from the southeastern US seeks an
experienced staffer for a Legislative Director position. Only
current/previous Legislative Directors or Senior Legislative Assistants with
experience will be considered. LD will be responsible for driving member
legislative initiatives, briefing the member on all policy matters, meeting with
relevant public interest groups and constituents, providing real time vote
recommendations, and assisting the Chief of Staff on policy matters.
Position requires a comprehensive knowledge of House procedures as well as
a working knowledge of all current issues debated in the House. Teamoriented skill, outgoing personality, and attention to detail are requirements
and staff members with ties to the southeast will be given special
consideration.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and salary requirements to
USHouseStaffJob@gmail.com.

MEM-148-15

The Office of Representative Justin Amash is seeking a bright, creative, and
hard-working legislative assistant to join our Washington, D.C.-based policy
team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The legislative
assistant will be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues, which
can be tailored somewhat to the staffer’s expertise and interests.
Page 5 of 6

The successful candidate will demonstrate a strong commitment to individual
liberty, economic freedom, and the defense of the Constitution. He or she also
must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most
serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. Candidates who
prefer staid and steady work or who avoid challenges (and the occasional
failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Candidates must have a B.A. or equivalent, and we prefer candidates who
have a background in economics and some policy experience, although Hill
experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé and cover letter to mi03.apply@gmail.com.
MEM-143-15

Senior California Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior
Legislative Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the
Financial Services Committee. Candidates should have substantial
experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional
experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral
communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced
environment, and understand the legislative process.
To apply, please e-mail a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
HouseFinancialServicesLA@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

Page 6 of 6

