________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 1, 2024

MEM-152-24

Rep. Joe Courtney (D-CT-02) seeks qualified candidates for a Legislative
Assistant position to join his Washington, DC office team.
The Legislative Assistant will:
1.Develop, plan, and execute legislative initiatives within assigned issue areas
2.Monitor developments in legislation on the floor and within certain House
Committees
3.Staff the member at Committee events as appropriate within assigned policy
portfolio
4.Meet with constituents on behalf of the member
5.Prepare briefing notes and talking points for the Member
6.Collaborate with District staff to advocate for federal projects and initiatives at
the local level
Qualified candidates will have approximately 3 years of legislative experience
working on Capitol Hill, thorough knowledge of the legislative process, excellent
oral and written communication skills, strong project management and
prioritization skills, the ability to quickly synthesize information and make sound
decisions, and the ability to exercise independent judgement in the formulation
and recommendation of policy positions for the Member.
Policy portfolio will be based on office needs but will include domestic policy
issues. Ties to Connecticut or New England are a plus. This office is an equal
Page 1 of 23

opportunity employer. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are encouraged to
apply. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing
sample to CT02JOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-151-24

Senior House Democrat seeks a Legislative Assistant for the Member’s personal
office to staff a portfolio of domestic legislative issues. Portfolio is flexible
depending upon the candidate’s background and interests.
A successful candidate will be a self-starter that works well in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent oral and written communication skills, and have a
proven ability to work effectively with a collaborative legislative team.
Responsibilities include:
•drafting and introducing legislation, and drafting oversight letters;
•monitoring pending legislation and current events;
•staffing the Member at events and meetings;
•preparing briefing materials and talking points for the Member;
•reviewing requests to cosign letters and cosponsor legislation, and making
recommendations to the Member;
•representing the Member in meetings and briefings;
•collaborating with constituent organizations; and
•other tasks and assignments as needed.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages people of all
backgrounds to apply. The ideal candidate will have at least 1-2 years legislative
experience in a congressional office or similar experience off the Hill.
Salary commensurate with experience. Applicants should send a resume, cover
letter, and two writing samples to housedemlajob@gmail.com

MEM-150-24

Staff Director, Subcommittee on Health, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
Core Responsibilities:
•Serve as the principal advisor to the full Committee Chairman, subcommittee
Chairman, and Republican Members for issues under the jurisdiction of the
Subcommittee.
•Provide in-depth policy analysis and political strategy for issues that fall under
the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
•Lead and supervise the implementation of the Subcommittee’s legislative
initiatives including the formulation, drafting, introduction, passage, negotiation,
and enactment of all legislation under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
•Supervise the Subcommittee staff in the organization of, and preparation for,
hearings, to include determination of the agenda, briefing of witnesses and
Members, and drafting remarks and questions for the Chairman.
•Conduct informational and oversight meetings with Administration officials, VA
and other agencies, Veteran Service Organizations, non-profit organizations,
Page 2 of 23

industry experts, and veterans on all issues under the jurisdiction of the
Subcommittee.
•Plan and supervise implementation of the Subcommittee’s oversight agenda of
issues within its jurisdiction, including sending requests for information, writing
oversight letters, conducting oversight visits, reviewing document productions,
cultivating sources of information, determining the veracity of information
received, and other oversight measures, as needed.
•Build relationships with internal and external partners, including Veteran Service
Organizations, member offices, industry, and contacts within the Department of
Veterans Affairs and other government agencies to promote and enact the
legislative and oversight agenda of the Subcommittee, and that of the full
Committee Chairman.
•Represent and discuss the full Committee or Subcommittee Chairman’s views at
various conferences and speaking events.
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staff
Director, or Deputy Staff Director; as needed.
Minimum Qualifications:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science
•At least five to seven years of relevant policy or legislative experience.
Experience on Capitol Hill desired but other experience will be considered.
Required Skills:
•Ability to lead and mentor Subcommittee staff
•Team oriented
•Ability to establish working relationships
•Strong writing and editing skills
•Problem solving
•Strong verbal communication
•Ability to work well under pressure
•Attention to detail
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
Page 3 of 23

considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, three professional
references to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “HEALTH Staff Director” in
the subject line. In your cover letter please indicate what you believe are the three
most pressing challenges facing the Veterans Health Administration. No calls or
walk-ins, please.
MEM-147-24

Rep. Raul Ruiz, M.D., the Ranking Member of the House Select Subcommittee
on the Coronavirus Pandemic, is seeking a Press Secretary and Speechwriter to
join the Democratic staff of the Select Subcommittee.
Responsibilities include pitching and working directly with reporters, including in
an on-the-record capacity; preparing remarks for delivery by the Ranking
Member and other Select Subcommittee Democratic Members for hearings and
press events; writing press releases, quotes, talking points, op-eds, and additional
communications materials; and staffing the Ranking Member for interviews and
public appearances.
Applicants should have 2-3 years of relevant communications experience. Capitol
Hill experience is a plus, but not required. Ideal candidates will be proactive and
resourceful, with an enthusiasm for writing and strong attention to detail,
particularly under tight deadlines. The salary range for this position is $90,000$95,000.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, LGBTQI+ people, people
of color, and candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to
apply.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample (2-3
pages) as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov, with “Press Secretary and
Speechwriter” in the email subject line.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.

Page 4 of 23

MEM-146-24

Community Liaison, Harlem
OFFICE OF REP. ADRIANO ESPAILLAT
Job Description & Summary
The Harlem Community Liaison for the Office of Congressman Adriano Espaillat
serves as the Member's community representative for issues and programs within
their assigned portfolio, including monitoring and updating the Member and
District Director on important local issues, emerging trends, and critical
developments. This position acts as a liaison to the federal, state, and local
governments, as well as agencies on behalf of the Member.
The Harlem Community Liaison works with constituent services and will report
directly to the Harlem Office Director while working with the broader team to
ensure effective communication with agencies and constituents on behalf of the
Member.
Essential Duties
•Coordinates with the Harlem Director and Member to ensure outreach efforts
align with the Member’s strategic vision, goals, and priorities.
•Collaborates with the Harlem Director and D.C. staff to ensure district priorities
are aligned and inform the Member’s legislative strategy.
•Assesses casework trends and identifies issues requiring legislative action and/or
additional Congressional oversight.
•Informs the Harlem Director and Member of important developments and
current events impacting the district.
•Builds and maintains positive relationships with constituents, key community
leaders, and other stakeholders.
•Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal officials and stakeholders to form
effective relationships for the Member.
•Attends events to serve as a representative for the Member, as determined by the
Harlem Director and Chief of Staff.
•Handles various community issues in accordance with office policies and
procedures.
•Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an efficient and effective manner.
•Understands differing perspectives and opinions to navigate conflicts and
develop solutions effectively.
•Required to staff the Member and/or attend community events, including on
occasional weekends.
Professional and Social Skills
·Adaptability
·Attention to Detail
·Constituent /Stakeholder Service
·Initiative
Page 5 of 23

·Planning and Coordination
·Research and Analysis
·Interpersonal Skills
·Teamwork
·Verbal Communication
·Written Communication
·Coalition Building
Preferred Education and Experience
·Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
·Experience developing a community relations strategy for an elected official
·Familiarity with the Member's district and/or New York state
Physical Requirements and Work Environment
This position is in an office setting that is adequately heated, lighted, and
ventilated. Normal safety precautions apply. The work involves carrying light
items such as books, papers, and small office equipment. The incumbent must be
able to meet minimum physical requirements (e.g., lifting, bending, crouching,
standing, etc.). Physical Requirements and work environment are subject to
reasonable accommodations.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Salary: The salary for this position is $65,000 per year, depending on experience.
How to Apply:
Please submit your resume to espaillat_jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Community Liaison, Harlem”.
MEM-145-24

Representative Peltola seeks someone who will be a Legislative Aide and
Special Assistant in her DC Office.
Responsibilities include covering a limited number of issue areas for which they
are expected to maintain a level of expertise and keep the Member up to date on
constituent issues or policies that pertain to those subject areas, as well as
scheduling meetings and arranging travel for the Chief of Staff, accompanying
the Chief of Staff on their travels, preparing memos, and managing their
schedule. Maintaining the Chief of Staff's email inbox and assisting the
Legislative Assistants as needed are also a crucial part of the role.
The Office is an equal opportunity employer in accordance with the requirements
of House Rules, regulations and applicable federal laws. The Office does not
Page 6 of 23

discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, genetic information, uniformed service, sexual orientation,
gender identity or any other factors prohibited by applicable federal law.
To apply, please submit a resume to akresumes@mail.house.gov
MEM-144-24

Texas GOP Member of Congress seeks a Press Assistant/Digital Director who
is eager to join a robust communications operation. This is not an entry-level
position-- at least six months to one year of relevant communications experience
is required.
Required Skills
•Excellent writing ability and attention to detail.
•Experience with creating graphics and social media branding.
Duties
•Develop and assist with press releases, talking points, op-eds, and other
materials as assigned.
•Assist with maintaining the office’s website and social media accounts.
•Create and edit videos and other digital material.
•Monitor the Member's presence and interactions on social media.
•Take photos/video at events and meeting.
•Compile daily press clips.
•Other duties as assigned.
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with
position noted in subject line.

MEM-141-24

Community Liaison – Island County
U.S. Rep. Rick Larsen
Everett Office
Summary:
The Island County Community Liaison serves as Rep. Larsen’s representative to
Whidbey and Camano islands.
As part of our district outreach team, the primary role of this position is to
coordinate issues involving the federal government with officials from federal,
state and local governments, as well as constituents, businesses, organized labor
and other organizations. The Outreach Assistant – North Counties staffer is
expected to develop relationships with our district stakeholders to learn the
details of projects and policy concerns and to respond to their interests in federal
policy development.
In addition to the geographic responsibility for communities in Island County,
this position also covers military and veterans affairs and engagement with the

Page 7 of 23

U.S. Coast Guard.
The Island County Community Liaison is based in Rep. Larsen’s Everett, WA
office and reports directly to the District Director. Together, the district staff
works in harmony with the staff in Washington, D.C., and all staff members
report to the Chief of Staff.
Essential job functions include:
•Serve as an official representative for Rep. Larsen at meetings, forums and
public events
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents, businesses, labor, non-profit
organizations, federal agencies, local government, and other stakeholders in
Island County
•Travel regularly throughout the district to monitor local issues, projects and
activities
•Work with Washington D.C.-based staff on federal policy development and
interpretation for local stakeholders
•Event planning, including Rep. Larsen’s district schedule
Required skills and knowledge:
•Strong understanding of Island County and experience with outreach activities
working with government, cultural communities, the business community,
organized labor and local stakeholder groups
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent thinking while working as part of
a team on sensitive projects and issues
•Strong writing ability
•Flexibility to work nights and weekends
•Valid driver’s license and vehicle
•Comfort discussing issues with groups both small and large, including public
speaking
This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working, cohesive, and
dynamic team with a common mission of making a difference in the lives of
others. The ideal candidate is a bilingual English and Spanish speaker, selfmotivated, great at multi-tasking, has great interpersonal skills with a teamworkoriented attitude, and a strong desire to help people.
This is a full-time position with federal benefits such as health care, the Federal
Employees Retirement System, Student Loan Repayment Program,
vacation/annual leave, paid sick and parental leave, and others.
The annual salary for this position depends on relevant experience and ranges
from $55,000 - $65,000.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender

Page 8 of 23

identity, or disability. We are committed to building and maintaining an
organization that reflects the needs and diverse community we serve.
Application Process:
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to ryan.casey@mail.house.gov or:
Office of U.S. Rep. Rick Larsen
C/O Ryan Casey
District Director
2930 Wetmore Avenue, Ste. 9F
Everett, WA 9820
MEM-137-24

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) seeks an organized and
highly motivated self-starter to serve as Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent in her Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include logging phone calls, greeting visitors, managing front
office operations, handling tour and flag requests, assisting with drafting
constituent correspondence and managing the mail program, overseeing the intern
program, providing administrative support to the team, and additional duties as
assigned. This position reports directly to the Chief of Staff and works closely
with the Legislative Aide on the mail program.
Candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills, attention
to detail, an ability to work under pressure, a collaborative spirit, and a strong
commitment to public service. Previous Capitol Hill experience and Delaware
ties are a plus.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse
backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and two brief writing samples (1-2
pages each) to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent Application” in the subject line by COB Tuesday, April 2nd. No
walk-ins, emails, or phone calls please.

MEM-136-24

House GOP Appropriator seeks an experienced military legislative assistant
with 1-3 years of Capitol Hill experience.
Members serves on the Military Construction Subcommittee and has many
military equities in-district. Portfolio would include national security, foreign
affairs, defense and veterans issues.
Resumes can be sent to housegopemployment@gmail.com
Page 9 of 23

MEM-135-24

PRESS SECRETARY- The Office of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03)
seeks an experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates
must be able to manage media relations, press opportunities, and messaging for a
senior member of Congress. This role reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active
relationships with top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience
will receive preferred consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations,
messaging, and risk management.
•Advance press events and staff the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current
relationships with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the office’s larger
communications strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who
does not discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex
(including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation,
marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee
organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit
factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as candidates from
underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.

MEM-133-24

The Office of Rep. Pence (IN-06) is seeking a well-organized, personable
Scheduler in his Washington D.C office. This role is responsible for the
Congressman’s schedule and travel plans, coordinating and responding to
scheduling requests, and supervising the office’s Staff Assistant and interns to
ensure the office is managed effectively.
Further responsibilities include filing financial forms and overseeing routine
office expenses. This role also serves as the Office Emergency Coordinator. A
strong applicant would exhibit strong organizational and interpersonal skills, the
ability to plan effectively and adjust as needed, as well as an ability to work
Page 10 of 23

collaboratively with other staff in the office.
A candidate who is hired for this position will work under the current Director of
Operations until his departure at the end of June, after which they will take over
all of his former responsibilities.
Please submit a resume and references to gopjobonthehill@gmail.com
MEM-131-24

Established in 2019, the For Country Caucus of 30 veterans in the U.S. House is
one of the most productive bipartisan caucuses in Congress, having helped pass
more than 100 laws with a focus on national security, national service, and
veterans affairs. The caucus works alongside a group of bipartisan senators and
others to pass bicameral legislation for the nation. The For Country Caucus is
seeking an Executive Director to help lead the caucus in its next chapter of
growth.
Responsibilities:
•Lead the For Country Caucus staff, which includes a communications director.
•Work with the bipartisan For Country Caucus leadership to shape the caucus
strategy.
•Manage and help develop relationships for the For Country Caucus with other
stakeholders in Congress.
•Manage and help develop relationships for the For Country Caucus with external
stakeholders that can assist with advancing bipartisan legislation, including
veteran service organizations.
•Plan and execute For Country Caucus bi-monthly meetings for Members of
Congress and staff.
•Help identify and coordinate high-profile guest speakers.
•Plan and execute For Country Caucus semi-annual service events and bipartisan
Congressional Delegations.
•Manage the For Country Caucus budget.
•Advance For Country Caucus legislative priorities, to include shaping and
executing internal and external communications.
•Represent the For Country Caucus in meetings with House leadership,
Committee staff, Senate staff, and external organizations and stakeholders.
Required Qualifications:
•At least four years of work experience in policy, communications, or
government affairs.
•Dedication to promoting bipartisan respect, civility, and government
cooperation.
•Entrepreneurial spirit and a demonstrated ability to work independently.
•Strong understanding of the House legislative process and the National Defense
Authorization Act.
•Comfort working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment within a collaborative
team setting
Page 11 of 23

•Excellent organizational, written, and verbal communication skills.
•Exceptional judgment.
If you are passionate about fighting polarization in Congress through principled
veteran leadership and have the requisite skills and experience, we invite you to
apply for this pivotal role in advancing the Caucus's goals and priorities. Salary is
commensurate with experience and ranges from $90,000-110,000.
Please submit your resume and a cover letter detailing your relevant experience
and interest in the position to ForCountryCaucus@mail.house.gov
MEM-126-24

The Office of Congresswoman Hillary Scholten is seeking a highly organized and
motivated District Representative/Constituent Caseworker to serve as a link
between the Congresswoman’s office and her constituents.
District Representative responsibilities include helping constituents to resolve
issues with federal agencies, meeting with constituents, and serving as a liaison to
locate, state, and federal officials or groups to form effective relationships for the
Congresswoman.
Key Responsibilities:
•Manage a high volume of incoming constituent correspondence via phone,
email, and mail.
•Conduct research to fully understand constituent inquiries and resolve cases in a
timely manner.
•Liaise with federal agencies to inquire about the status of cases and resolve
bureaucratic issues.
•Maintain detailed records and case files using a database.
•Attend community outreach events and build relationships with local
stakeholders.
Qualifications:
•1-2 years of customer service, administrative, or office experience.
•Strong verbal and written communication skills.
•Excellent organizational abilities and attention to detail.
•Ability to prioritize, multi-task and meet deadlines.
•Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite and database management.
•Knowledge of federal agencies and programs a plus.
•Commitment to providing exceptional constituent service.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume and
three (3) references to District Director Khristian Silvis
at Khristian.Silvis@mail.house.gov.
Salary Level/Range: $50,000 to $60,000 - Commensurate on experience
Page 12 of 23

Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-125-24

The Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark (MA-5) is currently accepting
applications for the position of District Staff Assistant.
The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, processes mail, assists
with constituent casework, drafts correspondence, and performs other
administrative duties as needed. The Staff Assistant is also responsible for
overseeing a robust internship program, including recruiting, interviewing, hiring,
and supervising interns.
This role requires impeccable judgment and the ability to prioritize myriad tasks.
The ideal candidate should be personable, organized, and detail-oriented.
Applicants must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and
the ability to work cooperatively with others.
Office staff are currently working in person, remotely, or in a hybrid model
depending on the needs and
safety of the office.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ+ persons are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Essential Job Functions:
•Manages the office intern program, ensuring smooth front office operational
duties
•Works with constituent services representatives to ensure efficient casework
intake using the office’s internal database
•Assists persons who have appointments with the Member or other staff Members
and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the Members’
appointments are on time
•Maintains literature regarding the District and DC offices for distribution to
visitors
•Coordinates the filing and indexing of all correspondence
•Maintains office inventory and signs for deliveries
•Provides orientation and training for new staff
•Supervises the reception desk, mail operations, and administrative files
•Assumes responsibility for overall office appearance and layout
•Maintains the office answering machine or voice mail
Page 13 of 23

•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other offices
•Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework or opinions
•Facilitates annual student engagement initiatives on behalf of the office
•Performs other duties as assigned
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing samples to
Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov.
All materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-116-24

The District Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark is currently accepting
applicants for the position of Military & Veterans Constituent Service
Representative (CSR). The CSR monitors and updates the Member and District
Director on district and local issues as well as serves as a liaison to federal,
district, and local agencies for the member and constituents.
This position is responsible for a wide range of outreach, relationship
management, event coordination, and correspondence. We’re looking for
someone who has great judgment, keen political skills, is quick on their feet and
ready to seize opportunities (or create them). The ideal candidate is efficient but
highly detail oriented and is a strong written and oral communicator.
Essential Job Functions Required:
•Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman within their area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies;
•Informs the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in their
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
•Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Member;
•Manages casework portfolio as assigned, assesses casework for problems
requiring legislative action, and makes recommendations to the District Director
and/or Chief of Staff;
•Monitors scheduled district meetings with constituents for the Member;
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices and local
agencies;
•Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in their assigned portfolio;
•Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Page 14 of 23

This is a full-time position. Office staff are currently working in person,
remotely, or in a hybrid model depending on the needs and safety of the office.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ+ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing samples
to: Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov.
All materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-112-24

Communications Director for Rep. Rob Menendez (NJ-08)
Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08), Member of the House Committees on
Transportation and Infrastructure (T&I) and Homeland Security, is seeking an
experienced, collaborative, and hardworking Communications Director in his
Washington D.C. office.
This position will manage and coordinate all communications activities and serve
as the primary communications advisor and media contact for the Member and
the Office. This includes working closely with the Chief of Staff, Legislative
Director, and District Director to develop and execute a comprehensive
communications strategy and ensure that the Office is reaching constituents and
members of the press on DC and District events and news. Responsibilities
include managing and executing a proactive franking/mass communications
program; managing the Digital Manager/Press Assistant; drafting press releases,
talking points, floor speeches, and communications memos; maintaining
relationships with local and national press; addressing media inquiries;
developing, advancing, and staffing press events; and performing other press
duties as assigned.
This is not an entry-level position. Ideal candidates will have three or more years
of relevant communications experience, the ability to work well under pressure
and cooperatively with colleagues, and a good understanding of both Washington
D.C. and local media landscapes. Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading
skills are essential, as well as strong oral communication skills. Spanish speakers
and New Jersey ties are a plus.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter; two writing samples
including a press release, newsletter, or franking/mass communications example;
and resume in one PDF document to NJ08.resumes@gmail.com with the
following subject line: “Full Name – Communications Director.”
Page 15 of 23

This is a full-time position. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status),
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
MEM-103-24

STAFF ASSISTANT – Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi (San Francisco)
The office of Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi is seeking strong candidates for a
Staff Assistant position in her San Francisco district office.
Description:
This position supports the base operational functions of the office and staff needs.
Applicants should be highly organized with excellent written and oral
communication skills, the ability to multi-task, think creatively and meet
deadlines all while maintaining a positive, results-driven demeanor as the
constituent-facing contact for the office.
Responsibilities:
•Field and direct incoming calls to the appropriate staff member
•Track and summarize local and state news
•Process and monitor incoming mail
•Track and maintain office inventory and supplies
•Oversee district Congressional intern program
•Assist in staffing events and meetings for the Speaker Emerita
•Prepare daily, weekly and monthly reports summarizing correspondence, gifts
and other relevant items
•Draft official correspondence for approval and dissemination
•Coordinate with staff on administrative tasks and projects
•Assist with constituent services and casework
Must be willing to work long and irregular hours, including some nights and
weekends. Multi-lingual skills and media experience are preferred, but not
essential. Knowledge of the City & County of San Francisco, California’s 11th
Congressional District and the State of California is valuable. An ability to think
creatively and meet deadlines is essential.
Congresswoman Pelosi's office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and strongly
values the diversity of its employees. Salary will be commensurate with
experience.
Please send resume, cover letter and writing sample
to resume.ca11@mail.house.gov with “SF Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
Resumes will NOT be reviewed without a cover letter and writing sample. NO
phone calls or walk-ins please.

Page 16 of 23

MEM-102-24

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a staff assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include assisting the legislative, constituent services and
administrative functions of the office, to include monitoring, processing and
responding to constituent mail and other communications, managing constituent
tours and other needs, and coordinating D.C. and Honolulu office issues. As
needed and depending on capability, the position also encompasses legislative
duties. Direct report is to the Chief of Staff, although the Congressman is
routinely involved in all aspects of his office operations.
The position also requires initiative, interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask,
work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills,
and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
Strong preference given to prior Capitol Hill experience and Hawai‘i background,
and applicants are asked to detail these attributes.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “DC Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-101-24

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a mid to senior legislative
staff member for his Washington, D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include the full range of management of a diverse and
active portfolio of substantive issues. Specific duties include advising, briefing
and staffing the Congressman on assigned issues, preparing and advancing
related appropriations requests, monitoring related committee (including the
Congressman’s Appropriations Committee) and floor activities, advancing
legislative initiatives, drafting constituent correspondence, and representing the
office in meetings with constituents and others. Direct report is to the Chief of
Staff, although the Congressman is routinely involved in all aspects of his office
operations and there is routine direct interaction with the Congressman.
The position also requires initiative, interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask,
work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills,
and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
Strong preference given to commensurate Capitol Hill experience, and Hawai‘i
background and knowledge is highly valued though not required. Applicants are
asked to detail these attributes.

Page 17 of 23

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “DC Legislative Staffer” in
the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-100-24

Rep. Raul Ruiz’s office is seeking candidates to fill an open Press Secretary /
Communications Director position (title and salary based on experience). Please
pass this along to anyone you think might be interested.
Rep. Ruiz (CA-25), member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, seeks an
energetic and well-organized professional to manage his communications
portfolio. The position is based in Washington, DC and will travel to the district
as needed. Candidates must have professional fluency in both English & Spanish.
Candidates should be self-motivated, diligent, a team player, and able to develop
and maintain relationships with local state, and national media reporters. The
ideal candidate will have a passion for practical policies that unite the country and
digital organizing / communications in all formats. Other duties include
developing messaging and talking points; overseeing all communications
materials, including press releases, website content, franked mail, and social
media accounts; working with policy staff on short- and long-term
communications goals; and regularly briefing and staffing the member.
This position will mentor /manage appropriate press interns in all offices. This is
not an entry-level position.
Ideal candidates should have, or can articulate, experience in the following areas /
topics / platforms:
*Strong written and oral communications skills (writing, editing, proofreading)
with at least two years of political communications experience including
producing Op-Ed’s, Press Releases & other communications
*Understanding of print, broadcast, & online social media tools / platforms
(Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, CanvaPro, Adobe Premier, etc.)
*Strong skills & experience producing excellent written & visual content,
including graphics & video, for a variety of social media platforms
*An ability to amplify media coverage & grow its impact
*Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, procedures & organization of
the House – a plus
*Knowledge of current issues & events in which the Congressman is involved in
*Ability to with legislative staff on short / long-term communications goals
*Ability to exercise discretion & judgment in the representation of the
Congressman's position on policy issues
*Must have the ability to prioritize duties & manage staff in a fast-paced work
environment while meeting rapid timelines
*Ability to translate complex policy issues into simple language, creating talking
point summaries
*Leading, managing & optimizing production needs surrounding virtual & inPage 18 of 23

person town hall meetings, public forums, & press conferences & creating
graphics & media presentations when required
*Proactively pitching national/local media and developing media strategy
*Creating e-newsletters & managing the franked mailers process for the office
*Tracking press and social media analytics
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages people of all identity
groups to apply. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two
writing samples (one English and one Spanish on two different topics)
to: CA25Resumes@mail.house.gov with the “Press Secretary /Communications
Director- [NAME]” in the subject line.
MEM-099-24

The District Office Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, and
answers constituent requests for general information, tours, and other inquiries.
This position also monitors delivery and pickup of materials, maintains the front
office, and assists with various administrative and legislative duties.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Answers and screens telephone calls for the Congresswoman and other staff
members;
•Greets and screens visitors;
•Assists persons who have appointments with the Congresswoman or other staff
members and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the
Congresswoman's appointments are on time;
•Responds to constituent requests for flags, tours and other information;
•Maintains literature regarding the district and House offices for distribution to
visitors;
•Signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to the office to
appropriate staff and/or Congresswoman in a timely manner;
•Orders all office supplies and maintains office equipment;
•Facilitate constituent commendation process;
•Manages office recycling program;
•Reviews and clips relevant articles in newspapers and publications;
•Assists with receptionist duties as needed;
•Maintains the office answering machine or voicemail;
•Ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member
in a timely manner;
•Documents visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
•Performs general typing and administrative assignments;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
•Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
•Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
Page 19 of 23

•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress;
•Works a flexible schedule including occasional nights and weekends; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least one year of office experience is preferred; administrative training is
beneficial.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Ability to use and troubleshoot photocopier, facsimile machine, telephone, and
other office equipment;
•Careful attention to detail;
•Excellent writing and proofreading skills;
•Ability to perform essential job functions above;
•Professional telephone manner;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant and professional manner;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
•Knowledge of office computer applications including Microsoft Office; and
•Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment.
•Noise levels are usually moderate.
TO APPLY:
•Please e-mail your resume and cover letter
to NC04Resume@mail.house.gov and list “Name – District Office Staff
Assistant” in the subject line.
MEM-094-24

House GOP Appropriator seeks an experienced Legislative Director with at least
3 years of Capitol Hill experience to manage various portfolios and oversee
committee activity.
Resumes can be sent to housegopemployment@gmail.com

MEM-090-24

Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized and
professional individual to serve as Legislative Correspondent. The successful
applicant will be well-organized, possess excellent writing skills, be able to
operate and maintain sophisticated databases, and produce quality mail and email
lists.

Page 20 of 23

This individual will help manage the constituent communications program,
including monitoring the flow of incoming and outgoing correspondence, keeping
the constituent database current, responding to constituent correspondence, and
working with legislative and communications staff to maintain a proactive
constituent outreach program.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to legcor24@yahoo.com. No
walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
MEM-546-23

Member Services Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Member Services Director who
is exceptionally motivated, dynamic, strategic, and detail-oriented to engage with
CBC Member offices and outside partners to advance a robust member services
portfolio.
The Member Services Director will be expected to proactively build strong
relationships across CBC Member offices and develop strategic opportunities for
Member engagement advancing shared priorities. The individual will also be
expected to coordinate with CBC staff to field and respond to inquiries and
requests for support from Member offices and respond to and share external
opportunities for Member engagement as they arise.
The Member Services Director is also responsible for assisting in overseeing all
aspects of caucus operations, logistics, designated administrative responsibilities
and to support caucus leadership.
The Member Services Director responsibilities will include:
•Conducting regular outreach to Member offices to build relationships with staff,
share opportunities for Member or staff participation in events, messaging, and
other efforts, and identify new ideas for collaboration with Member offices
•Sharing resources with Member offices and working with CBC, congressional,
and external staff to develop high-quality materials for Member office use
•Drafting regular newsletters for Member offices with relevant updates and
opportunities, as well as for external audiences to uplift Member engagement on
CBC issues
•Developing a network of external partners working on issues relevant to the
CBC and Member offices
•Maintaining staff contact information and distribution lists
•Provides orientation and training for new staff;
•Assists departing employees with necessary administrative procedures (i.e.,
returning keys, House I.D. cards, and other office property; obtaining forwarding
addresses, work files, and records);
•Supervises the mail operations and the administrative files and personnel
records;
•Assists staff in scheduling House or Capitol rooms for outside group functions;
Page 21 of 23

•Organize and facilitate meetings and other strategic convenings to support
institutional
•change, policies, and programmatic work;
•Oversees operations for CBC including organizing weekly meetings and events
•Provides logistical support for all programming
•Works with the CBC personal office staffs and coordinates with the CBC
Schedulers to implement the Caucus’ priorities
•Builds and maintains databases of internal and external stakeholders
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player.
Candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of House and Senate
legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov.
No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
Page 22 of 23

•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Page 23 of 23

