House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 21, 2016

MEM-109-16

California Republican seeks a high energy, highly-organized, detail-oriented
Scheduler to manage the Member’s District and DC schedule.
Responsibilities include organizing and tracking invitations, meetings,
speaking engagements, in District tours and meetings, scheduling requests for
the Member and managing travel reservations for staff as well as the Member.
Additional responsibilities include: finances, interns, tours, and flags.
Candidates must be on call and available to assist the Member after regular
business hours. Additionally, the Scheduler will work closely with the Chief
of Staff and District Director to ensure efficient and seamless office
operations. Qualified applicants should be high energy, a very positive
attitude, strong organizational skills, orientation to detail, possess strong
verbal and written communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, savvy
political instincts, poise and ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and
the ability to multi-task. California ties are a plus. Interested parties should
email a cover letter and resume to CARepublicanJobs@gmail.com. No phone
calls or walk-ins please.

Page 1 of 6

MEM-107-16

Congresswoman Gabbard is seeking a dynamic, passionate staffer with
experience working on Asia-Pacific issues and on the Hill to support her
foreign policy work, among other duties.
This position opening is for a Senior Legislative Assistant/Legislative
Assistant, depending on experience and qualifications. The staffer will
manage the Members’ work on the Foreign Affairs Committee, with a focus
on Asia and the Pacific, as well as the Middle East and North Africa. While
the LA’s duties will primarily focus on foreign policy, they will also include a
portfolio of issues including Energy, Environment/Natural Resources, and
Financial Services. Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the
Member for committee hearings, developing and advancing legislation and
other policy priorities of the Member, researching and advising the Member
on bills and other issues, and representing the Member in meetings and
events.
We are seeking someone to join our fun, team-oriented, hard-working office.
The successful candidate will possess a can-do attitude and will be solutions
oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter and will
possess the capacity to produce high quality work on short deadlines. He or
she will also have a demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with
colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work environment. Ideal Candidates
should have experience working on Asia-Pacific issues in a policy context,
two years of Hill experience, or both. Hawaii ties are a plus. To submit your
application, please email a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples
with the subject line “legislative assistant” to hi02jobs@gmail.com. Please no
calls or walk-ins.

MEM-104-16

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
hard-working communications director to join our Washington, DC-based
team.
The communications director will be responsible for coordinating with the
member and legislative team to develop and implement all communications
activities for the office, including acting as the member's spokesperson and
drafting press releases, newsletters, speeches, and op-eds.
The successful applicant will be an excellent writer and editor, clear thinker,
and persuasive advocate for individual liberty, economic freedom, and the
Constitution. He or she must demonstrate a breadth of policy knowledge,
familiarity with the legislative process, and the ability to exercise sound,
independent judgment. Individuals who prefer staid and steady work or who
avoid challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable
elsewhere.

Page 2 of 6

Applicants must have a BA or equivalent, and journalism experience is
preferred. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "communications director applicant"
in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
MEM-098-16

The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated
and hardworking communications professional to join fast-paced threeperson communications team. Responsibilities include writing
communications materials (news releases, op-eds, talking points and
newsletters), managing press inquiries, maintaining strong relationships with
reporters who cover the Committee and coordinating with the
communications staff of Committee members. Qualified candidates must
have excellent written and oral communication skills, the ability to
comprehend and summarize complex legislation quickly, a proven ability to
perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks and sound political
judgment. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Prior Hill or campaign experience is preferred. Qualified candidates should
submit a cover letter, resume and three writing samples to
ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. Please no walk ins or phone calls.

MEM-097-16

Ranking Member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce seeks
Committee labor policy staffer. Responsibilities will include briefing the
Ranking Member on key labor policy issues; preparing for Committee
hearings and markups; responding to inquiries from staff both on and off the
Committee for advice and counsel; helping develop and advance a pro-worker
agenda through legislation, briefings and written materials; and providing
support to senior-level staff. The ideal candidate will be able to provide
assistance on a variety of matters within the Committee’s jurisdiction.
Candidates with Hill and/or advocacy experience, a substantive background in
labor and employment law and policy, and an advanced degree in law or a
related field are preferred. Candidates must have excellent writing skills and
work well in a fast-paced team environment. Candidates with previous
experience in the fields of wage and hour law and/or health care policy are
encouraged to apply. This office is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified
applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, one writing sample, and three
references to edlaborjob@mail.house.gov. Please no calls or drop-bys.

MEM-092-16

Active Democrat House Member seeks experienced, media savvy
communications director to run aggressive press operation in fast-paced
office. Duties include: managing day-to-day press operations in D.C. and the
district, developing communication strategy, drafting press releases, op-eds,
talking points and other content, overseeing and planning media events,
preparing member, developing relationships with local and national reporters,
and working in conjunction with outreach director and district staff. Ideal
Page 3 of 6

candidate will have a sense of humor, on-the-record experience and excellent
writing skills. Hill or other political experience/California ties a plus. Please
send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to ca07jobs@gmail.com.
Please, no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-091-16

Georgia Democrat seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized
Administrative Assistant for Washington, DC office. Responsibilities
include serving as confidential assistant to the Chief of Staff and Member,
supporting Member’s daily activities, and other tasks as assigned. This
position is completely administrative in nature. Applicants should submit
cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to GADemJobs@gmail.com.
Please include Administrative Assistant in the subject line. No phone calls or
drop-bys.

MEM-089-16

Senior Democratic Member from California seeks an experienced, detailoriented, and highly organized Scheduler for the Washington, D.C. Office.
Responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules, coordinating all travel arrangements, and assisting the Member
with meeting requests and changes to the calendar. The Scheduler is
responsible for communicating and directing D.C. staff on the materials
required for meetings/events and the execution of the daily office schedule.
Individuals applying for this position should be prepared to have flexible
work hours and be able to adapt to a fast-paced, team oriented, and dynamic
environment. Valid driver's license required. Interested applicants should send
a resume and cover letter to twaun.samuel@mail.house.gov.

MEM-088-16

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Systems Manager for Washington office.
Texas contacts preferred. Email cover letter, resume, and three references to:
DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls please).

MEM-087-16

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Legislative Assistant to cover health,
education, and other issues. Law or graduate degree and Hill experience
preferred. This is not an entry level position. Proven writing and research
skills required. Email cover letter, resume, three references, and brief writing
sample to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls please).

MEM-069-16

Senior Democratic Member seeks Legislative Assistant. Position will
develop and implement legislative initiatives, and monitor legislative
developments within Committees and on the House floor; write floor
speeches and committee statements; assist with committee investigations, and
handle meetings with constituents and interest groups on behalf of Member.
Portfolio will include education, veterans’ affairs, DOD, related
Appropriations bills, and special projects as assigned. Candidate must be a
self-starter and a creative thinker, and must demonstrate attention to detail and
exceptional writing ability, and have experience with the legislative process,

Page 4 of 6

preferably in a Congressional office. An advanced degree in a related field is
also required (JD, MA, etc.).
To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Legislative
Assistant” in the subject line to job_09@live.com. Please paste the cover
letter in the body of the email. Do not send the cover letter as an attachment.
MEM-065-16

New England Democrat seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highlyorganized Staff Assistant for Washington, DC office. Responsibilities
include managing front office operations, overseeing intern program, serving
as confidential assistant to Chief of Staff and Member, driving Member to
meetings and appointments, supporting Member’s daily activities, providing
assistance to scheduling and legislative teams, and other tasks as assigned.
Access to a vehicle and a clean driving record is required. New England ties
preferred. Applicants should submit cover letter, resume, and brief writing
sample to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. Please include Staff Assistant in the
subject line. No phone calls or drop-bys.

MEM-059-16

Midwestern Democratic Member seeks an energetic, highly organized and
detail-oriented Scheduler for the Washington, D.C. and District
Offices. Responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and longterm schedules, coordinating all travel arrangements, and assisting the
Member with meeting requests and changes to the calendar. The Scheduler is
responsible for communicating and directing D.C. and State staff on the
materials needed for meetings/events and the execution of the daily office
schedule. Individuals applying for this position should be prepared to have
flexible work hours and be able to adapt to a fast-paced and constantly
changing environment. Valid Driver’s License and American-made car
strongly preferred. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to mi.schedulerposting@gmail.com. No walk-ins, please.

MEM-044-16

Senior Appropriations Democrat seeks candidates for the position of
Communications Director for a fast-paced and highly engaged office. The
successful candidate will have excellent written and verbal skills, the proven
ability to manage multiple communications projects, and the ability to
exercise discretion and independent judgment in the representation of the
Member’s position on policy issues. S/he will be responsible for coordinating
with the legislative team to develop, manage and organize all communications
activities, including writing press releases, op-eds, mail pieces, talking points,
organizing press events, maintaining the official website, implementing social
media strategy, maintaining press database, writing e-newsletters &
coordinating Tele-town halls. Duties will also include briefing the Member
for interviews, writing and implementing PSAs, interacting with the press as
the Member’s principal spokesperson and coordinating the Member’s overall
press relations. Position may include limited legislative portfolio. The ideal
candidate will have Hill experience, a depth of legislative and policy
Page 5 of 6

knowledge including that of the appropriations process, and Ohio connections
a benefit. Candidates must be able to work extended hours and under time
pressure, while maintaining a positive attitude and demeanor. Please submit
resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and salary requirements to
Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-042-16

Southern Republican Member seeks Communications Director to manage
and coordinate all communications activities, including media contacts for
the Member and the office. Previous Hill experience preferred. Candidate
must have strong writing, editing, and oral communication skills. Will act
as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member. Knowledge
of social media including website maintenance required. Applicants will
develop and implement media and communications strategy for the Member
and must have an understanding of print and broadcast media. Position will
also be responsible for a legislative portfolio.
Email Resume and Cover Letter to: HouseCommsDir@gmail.com

Page 6 of 6

