House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 29, 2019

MEM-357-19

Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere,
Civilian Security, and Trade is seeking a Staff Associate to handle day to day
administration, subcommittee event coordination, intern management,
conduct policy research, draft press and social media statements, and other
tasks as assigned. Spanish proficiency required. The Staff Associate will serve
as a subcommittee staffer coordinating hearings and assisting with preparing
legislative documents.
Successful candidates will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and
detail-oriented, with strong writing and communication skills and able to
work in a fast-paced environment. Candidates must hold a bachelor’s degree
and demonstrate clear interest in U.S. policy toward Latin America and the
Western Hemisphere more broadly. Previous Hill experience is preferred but
not required. Previous relevant work experience is preferred.
Qualified candidates should send resume and cover letter to
WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Staff Associate.” No calls or
drop-ins.
Page 1 of 11

MEM-344-19

House Committee (Democratic Staff) is looking for a proactive, experienced
oversight counsel. Responsibilities include planning and conducting
congressional oversight and advising in policy matters related to oversight of
issues within the committee’s jurisdiction. Candidates must possess relevant
legal experience, excellent research and writing skills, and strong analytical
and communication skills. Must also be a team player and able to work well
under pressure and with quick deadlines. Experience with congressional
oversight preferred; Hill experience is a plus.
J.D. is required; please no recent graduates. This is not an entry level position.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-337-19

Progressive U.S. Member of Congress has an immediate opening for a highly
motivated Outreach Representative to join their District Office. This is a
full-time position.
Duties for this position include, but are not limited to: attending community
outreach events on behalf of the Member and District Office; working with
local businesses, merchant associations, community organizations, and
agencies to assist them in navigating the services provided by the federal
government; organizing and participating in community projects and events;
and developing and executing outreach strategies with the Outreach Director.
Other qualifications include strong communication, writing and presentation
skills, event planning experience, and knowledge of the District and the
greater Brooklyn area.
The Outreach Representative will also serve as liaison to Community Boards,
Precincts Councils and Block Associations.
Valid driver’s license preferred. Fluency in Haitian Creole or Russian is
highly preferred. Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is
required.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of
all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age,
sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis
protected by law.
Please send resume and cover letter to NYDemocrat@mail.house.gov

Page 2 of 11

MEM-336-19

Progressive U.S. Member of Congress has an immediate opening for a highlymotivated Constituent Services Representative to join their District Office.
This is a full-time position.
Must have extraordinary interpersonal skills, be customer service oriented, be
highly-motivated and organized, exhibit a professional demeanor and work
ethic. Excellent writing skills are required. Other qualifications include strong
analytical skills and experience with casework pertaining to issues such as
immigration, veterans’ affairs, social security, housing, and more.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: developing and executing
constituent services plans with Constituent Services Director, responding to
constituent casework, meeting with constituents, as well as working with local
and federal agencies to navigate relevant services provided. Valid driver’s
license preferred. Fluency in Haitian Creole or Russian is highly preferred.
Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is required.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of
all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age,
sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis
protected by law.
Please send resume and cover letter to NYDemocrat@mail.house.gov

MEM-334-19

The Office of Congressman Don Beyer seeks a scheduler for his Washington,
DC office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and
long-term schedule in DC and the district. This individual will work closely
with the Member, DC staff, and District staff.
The ideal candidate will have prior scheduling experience on the Hill, be well
organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and able to work effectively in a
fast-paced work environment. The salary for this position will be
commensurate with experience. This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
invitations and scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; and
managing operational and logistical support for all aspects of the office.
Applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and references to
Beyerstaff@gmail.com with “Scheduler” in the subject line. No phone calls,
faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and

Page 3 of 11

expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-333-19

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) is seeking a highly
motivated Legislative Assistant to join her team to handle the energy &
environment portfolios. The candidate will be responsible for staffing and
preparing the Congresswoman for both the Energy and Environment &
Climate Change Subcommittees.
Qualified candidates should have an excellent knowledge of energy &
environment policy, the legislative process, coalition building, and have the
ability to maintain strategic relationships with constituent organizations. This
position requires the ability to advance the Congresswoman’s legislative
priorities in their issue portfolio and be creative in spotting new legislative
opportunities.
Candidates must be self-starters and must be able to meet short deadlines and
juggle many priorities in a fast-paced environment. Ties to Delaware are a
plus. This is not an entry level position and a minimum of two years of
relevant experience is required and Hill experience is strongly preferred.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line by
COB August 2nd. No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please. This is an Equal
Opportunity Employer.

MEM-331-19

The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, U.S. House of
Representatives, seeks applications to fill a Counsel position on the
Democratic staff of the Committee. The position entails: legislative drafting;
jurisdictional analysis; advising on parliamentary procedure; negotiation and
correspondence with Republican staff, other Congressional committees,
Representatives, Senators, and Executive agencies; oversight and
investigative activities; and, providing general legal counsel to the Chair of
the Committee.
Candidates for the position must be graduates of an accredited law school and
members in good standing of a state bar or the District of Columbia Bar. A
strong academic background and exceptional legal research and writing skills
are required. Candidates must have at least one year of legal or related
experience. Hill experience will be weighed positively, but is not required.
Starting salary for this position is $55,000.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and references to:
SciResumes@mail.house.gov

Page 4 of 11

This position closes August 9, 2019.
MEM-330-19

We are looking to expand the Member's visibility and outreach, resulting in a
need for highly diligent, confident candidates with substantial experience for
the role of Communications Director. Spanish speaking skills preferred.
The position comes with great responsibility, as our Communications
Director is part of the senior staff for the Congressman and responsible for
helping in development and promotion of the Member's agenda.
All aspects of communications are covered, including but not limited to,
televised press conferences, statements to the press, speeches, radio addresses
and social media. Experience with graphic design is a plus. The selected
individual will also work closely with the entire office team to formulate
consistent messaging in district mail pieces, and our 499-program.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid vacation and
sick leave, parking or metro benefits, health insurance and retirement -- Plus
an awesome environment! Anyone interested may send their applications to
CongressionalOpenJob@gmail.com

MEM-323-19

Southern California Democrat seeks an experienced Communications
Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press operation. Applicants
must be creative, dynamic, proactive, energetic, and hungry!
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for
developing and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan,
including social media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media
outlets.
Moreover, the Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press
operations, including coordinating and managing the press team; responding
to media inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news
opportunities to media outlets; coordinating the Member’s social media
accounts; and editing/drafting speeches, talking points, floor statements, press
releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congressman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congressman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.

Page 5 of 11

This is NOT an entry level position. To be considered for the position,
candidates must have previous press-related experience either on or off
Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized, proficient in multi-tasking, have
strong political acumen and instincts, and possess superior writing, editing,
and proofreading skills. Fluency in Spanish is a plus. Experience with video
editing and graphic design are a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
demeanor and good sense of humor.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Please e-mail a resume, a cover
letter including salary requirements, and two writing samples to
CARuizJobs@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director Position” in
subject line. This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages all
qualified candidates to apply.
MEM-315-19

Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks candidates for the position
of Press Secretary. Candidates must be fluent in Spanish. Ideal candidates
should have minimum of two years of successful work on communications
for an elected leader or comparable experience, excellent writing abilities, and
experience handling press inquiries.
Applicants should be able to communicate effectively about a variety of
policy issues. Applicants should also have a proven history of writing creative
and original copy.
Candidates should be organized, creative, motivated and must have the ability
to write content that accurately conveys the priorities of the congresswoman
and the 29th district. Candidates must be able to work effectively in a fastpaced environment, including quickly researching and writing copy.
Candidates should have enough knowledge of video production/editing and
creating graphic content that they can assist or fill-in when needed.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: drafting talking points for
speaking engagements; writing press releases; developing relationships with
members of the media; tracking press and social media analytics; research. A
limited policy portfolio will eventually be incorporated into the position.
Ability to independently produce content in English and Spanish is required.
This is NOT an entry level position. The position reports to the Chief of Staff.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, two one-page writing

Page 6 of 11

samples (one in English and one in Spanish) to:
TX29SG.Resumes@mail.house.gov .No phone calls or drop-ins please.
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and
minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-306-19

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties
include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of
committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up
committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with
accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all
Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional
telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and
Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to
use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in
assisting with daily tasks and projects.
This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $30,000 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-303-19

Senior Democratic Texas Member seeks an experienced Communications
Director, immediately, based in the Washington, D.C. Congressional office.
This person will plan and execute a proactive media and digital constituent
outreach strategy. This is a senior staff role requiring a minimum of 3 years of
previous Hill or political communications experience. This is not an entrylevel position.
The position will require a tremendous amount of writing, and the aptitude to
oversee all press and communications responsibilities. Candidates should be
proactive, detail-oriented and have demonstrated experience in national, local,
and digital media.
Responsibilities Overview:
•Develop strong relationships with local/national media; know local TV
media markets, radio stations, and newspapers to elevate Member’s profile on
key issues
•Work closely with district team to plan messaging and plan local press

Page 7 of 11

events in the district
•Develop and execute communications strategies for the office using best
practices
•Write talking points, press releases, op-eds, speeches, and more
•Book and prepare Member for interviews
•Produce a weekly communications report for the Congresswoman and
provide regular communications updates to staff
•Create and oversee digital communications outreach including e-newsletter,
website, and social media platforms
Necessary Qualities:
•Political savvy
•Exceptional self-starter
•Creative/forward thinker
•Strong writer, editor, and proofreader
•Able to meet tight deadlines
•Detail oriented
•Team player
•Flexible schedule
The Communications Director is expected to have a close working
relationship with the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s
media team. Dallas ties are preferred, but not necessary. Occasional district
travel may be necessary.
Equal Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals
and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and three writing
samples, immediately, in one email to Kenneth.Nealy@mail.house.gov with
“Communications Director” in the subject line. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-302-19

Rocky Mountain Democrat is seeking an organized, detail-oriented individual
to serve in the position of Staff Assistant in a fast-paced and highly
collaborative Capitol Hill office. Responsibilities include staffing and
managing the front office, answering the phone, greeting visitors, handling
tour and flag requests, overseeing the internship program, occasionally
driving the Member to and from events during regular office hours and
afterhours, and providing additional office support as needed.
While this is an entry-level position, candidates should have excellent oral
and written communication skills, great attention to detail, strong time
management skills, an ability to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines,

Page 8 of 11

and a sense of humor. Capitol Hill experience and/or Western ties are
preferred, but not required.
Please send a resume and cover letter to:
RockyMountainDem@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.
MEM-294-19

Senior Congressional Hispanic Caucus Member and Co-Chair of the Labor
and Working Families Caucus seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle a
diverse portfolio of issues including labor, immigration, housing, and civil
rights. The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for developing legislative
initiatives, meeting with constituents and interested groups on behalf of the
Member, and staffing the Member.
Qualified candidates should have at least 2-4 years of experience and possess
a strong understanding of the issues listed. Applicants must demonstrate an
ability to work well with a team in a small, fast-paced environment, while
maintaining a sense of humor. This is not an entry level position. To apply,
please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
CAdemofficejob@gmail.com. No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-290-19

The Committee on Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations is seeking to fill a Professional Staff Member position on the
Republican staff. The ideal candidate will have a strong interest in
investigations and natural resources issues.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staffing Subcommittee and
some Full Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and
some Full Committee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as
well as with outside organizations, transcribed interviews, reviewing
document productions, research, interacting with various congressional
committee and personal offices, and managing the Subcommittee’s
administrative needs.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, attention to detail, desire to
learn how to conduct congressional oversight and investigations, be selfmotivated, work well under pressure, and possess strong research, written,
and oral communication skills. Prior Hill experience preferred, but not
required. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NaturalResources.Jobs@mail.house.gov, with “O&I PSM” in the subject line.

MEM-289-19

The Committee on Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations is seeking to fill a Counsel position on the Republican staff.
The ideal candidate will have at least three years of experience with a

Page 9 of 11

background or strong interest in investigations. Experience in natural
resources issues is a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staffing Subcommittee and
some Full Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and
some Full Committee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as
well as with outside organizations, depositions/ transcribed interviews,
reviewing document productions, research, managing external sources of
information, and interacting with various congressional committee and
personal offices.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, superior attention to detail, be
self-motivated, work well under pressure, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills. JD required. Prior Hill experience preferred, but
not required. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NaturalResources.Jobs@mail.house.gov, with “O&I Counsel” in the subject
line.
MEM-279-19

Senior Republican Member on Appropriations looking for Communications
Director. Ideal candidates should have 3-5 years of Hill experience, strong
writing skills, are detailed oriented, and familiar working with the media.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Interested applicants should send their cover letter, resume and writing
samples to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov

MEM-252-19

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative assistant with a background in law to join our
Washington, DC-based policy team. The legislative assistant will draft
legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy
matters, among other duties. The person will be expected to handle a diverse
portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.

Page 10 of 11

To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone.

Page 11 of 11

