House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 12, 2018

MEM-088-18

Iowa Republican (Rep. Rod Blum, IA-01) seeks experienced legislative
director to develop and advance long-term legislative agenda.
Legislative Director will work closely with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Communications Director, District Director, and staff to advance Member’s
priorities and implement strategic legislative and outreach strategies.
Successful candidate must work well in a collaborative, team-oriented
environment and have the ability to oversee an active legislative team in
implementing and advancing an expansive legislative agenda.
Legislative Director must be highly organized, detail oriented, and able to
manage multiple tasks and projects. Excellent interpersonal skills and written
and verbal communication, as well as strong editing and proofreading abilities
are required.
Ideal candidate will be politically astute and have a positive attitude.
Successful candidate must have the ability to thrive in a demanding, fastPage 1 of 4

paced, deadline-driven environment, and must be able to respond to
challenging situations quickly and strategically.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill
experience and a solid knowledge of legislative and political processes will be
considered. Prior experience serving as a Legislative Director - is strongly
preferred.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to: John.Ferland@mail.house.gov . No calls or drop ins please.
Office/Location: U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, D.C.
Closing Date: March 31, 2018
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
MEM-082-18

Conservative Western Republican is seeking a Legislative Correspondent in
his DC office to manage all aspects of constituent correspondence. Ideal
candidates will have knowledge of the legislative process, excellent writing
and organizational skills, strong attention to detail, and familiarity with
iConstituent. Duties include, but are not limited to, processing incoming
correspondence through iConstituent, drafting timely responses, assisting with
updating website, creating graphics/images and assisting with projects and
events. Western ties are preferred but not required. Email résumé, cover
letter and two writing samples to WesternRepublicanJob@yahoo.com.

MEM-078-18

The press office of Rep. Louise Slaughter (NY-25) and the House Rules
Committee is seeking a social media manager & press assistant to join an
aggressive communications team. Responsibilities include managing the
congresswoman’s digital media channels, including website and social media
accounts, developing engaging online content, writing e-newsletters, and
taking photos and video. The social media manager & press assistant will also
compile press clips, copy-edit press releases and talking points, and other
projects as necessary. Must be comfortable working collaboratively to execute
a broad communications strategy. Prior press and/or digital experience and
familiarity with both graphic design and video editing is preferred. Ideal
candidates must also have strong written and verbal communications skills
and be able to work demanding hours in a fast-paced environment.
Interested candidates must submit a resume, cover letter, two writing samples,
and two examples of social media or digital media work to
digitalpressposting@mail.house.gov. Candidates will be considered on a
rolling basis until the position is filled.

Page 2 of 4

MEM-076-18

California Democrat (Rep. Jerry McNerney, CA-09) seeks experienced
legislative director to develop and advance long-term legislative agenda.
Legislative Director will work closely with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Communications Director, District Director, and staff to advance Member’s
priorities and implement strategic legislative and outreach strategies.
Successful candidate must work well in a collaborative, team-oriented
environment and have the ability to oversee an active legislative team in
implementing and advancing an expansive legislative agenda.
Legislative Director must be highly organized, detail oriented, and able to
manage multiple tasks and projects. Excellent interpersonal skills and written
and verbal communication, as well as strong editing and proofreading abilities
are required.
Ideal candidate will be politically astute and have a good sense of humor and
positive attitude.
Successful candidate must have the ability to thrive in a demanding, fastpaced, deadline-driven environment, and must be able to respond to
challenging situations quickly and strategically.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill
experience and a solid knowledge of legislative and political processes will be
considered. Prior experience serving as a Legislative Director or working on
Energy and Commerce Committee-related policy issues – including energy,
environment, and water – is strongly preferred.
California ties, Spanish literacy, and previous supervisory experience are a
plus. Minorities and candidates with CA-09 ties are encouraged to apply.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to: McNerneyResumes@mail.house.gov.
No calls or drop ins, please.

MEM-070-18

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a press secretary for his
Washington office. Spanish skills and Hill experience a plus. Send resume,
brief writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov.
No drop-ins please.

MEM-064-18

Senior Rocky Mountain Democrat is seeking a legislative assistant to
manage a very active health care portfolio, including the Member’s leadership
of two high-profile caucuses. Candidates should have at least three years of
experience developing and implementing legislative strategies in a
Congressional office. Strong research, writing, and negotiation skills are
essential. An advanced degree in a health field is preferred. The ideal
Page 3 of 4

candidate will be creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be
able to have fun while maintaining a busy schedule. Interested applicants
should send a cover letter and resume to rockymountainhealthla@gmail.com.
MEM-055-18

Northeastern progressive Democrat, Senior Member of Democratic
Leadership, and Member of the Appropriations Committee seeks an
experienced speechwriter to join busy, high-functioning office. The
individual will work closely with the legislative staff and take the lead on
crafting speeches and op-ed columns. Candidates must possess excellent and
proven writing and organizational skills and the ability to grasp complex
policy concepts, think strategically, and multitask effectively under tight
deadlines. Applicants must also have command of the legislative process,
sound political judgment, and a sense of humor. Salary commensurate with
experience. Please send cover letter, resume, and 2-3 writing samples
to: ctspeechwriter@gmail.com.

Page 4 of 4

