House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 18, 2016

MEM-135-16

California Democrat seeks a motivated, energetic, and detail-oriented Staff
Assistant/Scheduler for the Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include
coordinating and maintaining the Member’s schedule, front office duties,
conducting Capitol tours, and greeting office visitors. Qualified applicants
must be personable, dependable, and able to juggle multiple tasks with
competing priorities. California ties and Spanish language proficiency
strongly preferred. To apply, please submit resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com.

MEM-133-16

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking an energetic, detailoriented, and hard-working scheduler to join our Washington, DC-based
team.
The scheduler will be responsible for managing—and ensuring the smooth
execution of—all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term schedule, as
well as providing related administrative support.

Page 1 of 7

The successful applicant will be personable, organized, and committed to
individual liberty, economic freedom, and the Constitution. He or she must
demonstrate excellent communication skills and the ability to exercise sound,
independent judgment. Individuals who prefer staid and steady work or who
avoid challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable
elsewhere.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and writing sample to
mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "scheduler applicant" in the subject
line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
MEM-132-16

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Legislative Assistant to cover
immigration and other issues. Spanish a plus. Hill experience preferred.
Proven writing and research skills required. Email cover letter, resume, three
references, and brief writing sample to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No
calls please).

MEM-131-16

Ohio Democratic office seeks an enthusiastic, highly organized, and detailoriented Legislative Correspondent/ Staff Assistant for a fast-paced office.
Primary responsibilities include managing constituent correspondence,
supervising interns, coordinating White House and Capitol tours, Presidential
greetings, answering telephones, greeting visitors, and conducting research.
Qualified applicants must have excellent written, verbal, research, and
organizational skills, and the ability to juggle multiple tasks with competing
priorities. Previous Capitol Hill experience and experience using SPRY Mail
constituent management system is not required but preferred. Please submit a
cover letter, resume and 2 writing samples to
District11Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-130-16

Democratic Member seeks an organized, energetic and savvy Legislative
Assistant to handle health and aging policy portfolio. The selected candidate
will be joining a fast-paced, team-oriented Washington DC office, and must
be a self-starter that can quickly learn district and Member priorities. Duties
include preparing and staffing the Member for committee hearings and floor
votes, developing and advancing legislation and other policy priorities of the
Member, representing the Member in meetings, and drafting constituent
correspondence. Applicants must have superior analytical skills, strong
written and oral communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, and a sense
of humor. Knowledge of the Affordable Care Act, Medicare, Medicaid, and
the legislative process required. Interested candidates should email a resume
and cover letter to Resumes4@mail.house.gov.

MEM-129-16

Progressive Florida Democrat seeks a Press Secretary to serve in his D.C.
office. Candidates should be proactive, and possess superior written and oral
Page 2 of 7

communication skills (including strong writing, editing, and proofreading
capabilities). The ideal candidate will have prior political/legislative and
communications experience.
Primary Responsibilities:
• Establishing and maintaining relationships with national and D.C.-based
media
• Coordinating all media efforts and communications-related events
• Drafting and distributing press releases and media advisories; drafting,
editing, and placing op-eds
• Pitching stories to reporters, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the
point-of-contact for national press
• Monitoring media narratives and identifying opportunities to promote the
Member
• Overseeing franked communications strategy, including: the drafting,
design, and distribution of franked mail content; executing telephone town
hall events; and managing congressional e-newsletter
• Managing the congressional website and ensuring that it features timely
content
• Coordinating and staffing the Congressman for interviews and events
(including occasional night and weekend commitments)
• Compiling and distributing press clippings
To apply:
Please send a current résumé, cover letter with salary requirement, two
writing samples (not to exceed one page each), and three references to
FL09job@gmail.com. No calls, emails or walk-ins, please.
MEM-128-16

California Republican seeks Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse
portfolio of issues.
Duties will include tracking legislation and other developments to brief the
Member on floor votes and pending legislative matters, developing and
implementing policy initiatives in line with office goals, meeting with
constituents and other interest groups, and coordinating with DC and district
staff regarding legislation, messaging, and events. Qualified candidates must
be proactive and hard working with exceptional writing and communication
skills and the ability to work effectively in a fast paced environment.
Legislative experience required. California ties are a plus.
Please email resume and cover letter to cagopjobs@gmail.com.

MEM-119-16

House Democrat is seeking an energetic and detail oriented individual to
serve as Scheduler. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:
drafting correspondence; making travel arrangements; developing and
managing scheduling system, tracking requests and invitations; schedule
Page 3 of 7

maintenance and coordination with district scheduling requests, in addition to
providing administrative and clerical support to Member and chief of staff.
Successful candidates will demonstrate outstanding interpersonal, written and
oral communication skills, be very hard working, highly detail oriented,
responsive, organized, will demonstrate acute professional and political
judgment, and discretion at all times. In addition to the scheduling
responsibilities, the Scheduler will work very closely with the chief of staff on
various tasks and projects. Candidate requirements include: earned Bachelor's
degree, minimum 1-2 years of prior scheduling experience on a campaign or
in a Capitol Hill office, proficiency in Outlook/Excel/Word, and flexibility
with work hours per the demands of the Member's schedule. This is not
considered an entry level position. Applicants must possess a willingness to
learn and adapt, and have an interest in administrative work. Candidates with
direct ties to the U.S. Virgin Islands or Caribbean strongly encouraged to
apply. Fluency in Spanish is a major plus. Strong work ethic, sense of humor
and team players highly desired. Please send resume, cover letter, and 2-3
references to: VI.Resume@mail.house.gov. Please reference “Scheduler” in
the subject line. Calls and drop-ins are not encouraged and subject to
disqualification.
MEM-118-16

Active Democrat House Member seeks experienced, media savvy
communications director to run aggressive press operation in fast-paced
office. Duties include: managing day-to-day press operations in D.C. and the
district, developing communication strategy, drafting press releases, op-eds,
talking points and other content, overseeing and planning media events,
preparing member, developing relationships with local and national reporters,
and working in conjunction with outreach director and district staff. Ideal
candidate will have a sense of humor, on-the-record experience and excellent
writing skills. Hill or other political experience/California ties a plus. Please
send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to ca07jobs@gmail.com.
Please, no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-116-16

The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks an
enthusiastic, highly organized, and detail-oriented Staff Assistant for fastpaced committee office. Responsibilities include answering telephones,
greeting visitors, managing office and meeting space, conducting research,
organizing and disseminating materials for hearings, and assisting
professional staff in preparing for Committee activities. Qualified applicants
must have excellent written, verbal, research, and organizational skills, and
the ability to juggle multiple tasks with competing priorities. Hill experience
preferred. Please submit a cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to
ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-109-16

California Republican seeks a high energy, highly-organized, detail-oriented
Scheduler to manage the Member’s District and DC schedule.
Responsibilities include organizing and tracking invitations, meetings,
Page 4 of 7

speaking engagements, in District tours and meetings, scheduling requests for
the Member and managing travel reservations for staff as well as the Member.
Additional responsibilities include: finances, interns, tours, and flags.
Candidates must be on call and available to assist the Member after regular
business hours. Additionally, the Scheduler will work closely with the Chief
of Staff and District Director to ensure efficient and seamless office
operations. Qualified applicants should be high energy, a very positive
attitude, strong organizational skills, orientation to detail, possess strong
verbal and written communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, savvy
political instincts, poise and ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and
the ability to multi-task. California ties are a plus. Interested parties should
email a cover letter and resume to CARepublicanJobs@gmail.com. No phone
calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-107-16

Congresswoman Gabbard is seeking a dynamic, passionate staffer with
experience working on Asia-Pacific issues and on the Hill to support her
foreign policy work, among other duties.
This position opening is for a Senior Legislative Assistant/Legislative
Assistant, depending on experience and qualifications. The staffer will
manage the Members’ work on the Foreign Affairs Committee, with a focus
on Asia and the Pacific, as well as the Middle East and North Africa. While
the LA’s duties will primarily focus on foreign policy, they will also include a
portfolio of issues including Energy, Environment/Natural Resources, and
Financial Services. Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the
Member for committee hearings, developing and advancing legislation and
other policy priorities of the Member, researching and advising the Member
on bills and other issues, and representing the Member in meetings and
events.
We are seeking someone to join our fun, team-oriented, hard-working office.
The successful candidate will possess a can-do attitude and will be solutions
oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter and will
possess the capacity to produce high quality work on short deadlines. He or
she will also have a demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with
colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work environment. Ideal Candidates
should have experience working on Asia-Pacific issues in a policy context,
two years of Hill experience, or both. Hawaii ties are a plus. To submit your
application, please email a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples
with the subject line “legislative assistant” to hi02jobs@gmail.com. Please no
calls or walk-ins.

MEM-104-16

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
hard-working communications director to join our Washington, DC-based
team.

Page 5 of 7

The communications director will be responsible for coordinating with the
member and legislative team to develop and implement all communications
activities for the office, including acting as the member's spokesperson and
drafting press releases, newsletters, speeches, and op-eds.
The successful applicant will be an excellent writer and editor, clear thinker,
and persuasive advocate for individual liberty, economic freedom, and the
Constitution. He or she must demonstrate a breadth of policy knowledge,
familiarity with the legislative process, and the ability to exercise sound,
independent judgment. Individuals who prefer staid and steady work or who
avoid challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable
elsewhere.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent, and journalism experience is
preferred. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "communications director applicant"
in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
MEM-098-16

The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated
and hardworking communications professional to join fast-paced threeperson communications team. Responsibilities include writing
communications materials (news releases, op-eds, talking points and
newsletters), managing press inquiries, maintaining strong relationships with
reporters who cover the Committee and coordinating with the
communications staff of Committee members. Qualified candidates must
have excellent written and oral communication skills, the ability to
comprehend and summarize complex legislation quickly, a proven ability to
perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks and sound political
judgment. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Prior Hill or campaign experience is preferred. Qualified candidates should
submit a cover letter, resume and three writing samples to
ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. Please no walk ins or phone calls.

MEM-092-16

Active Democrat House Member seeks experienced, media savvy
communications director to run aggressive press operation in fast-paced
office. Duties include: managing day-to-day press operations in D.C. and the
district, developing communication strategy, drafting press releases, op-eds,
talking points and other content, overseeing and planning media events,
preparing member, developing relationships with local and national reporters,
and working in conjunction with outreach director and district staff. Ideal
candidate will have a sense of humor, on-the-record experience and excellent
writing skills. Hill or other political experience/California ties a plus. Please
send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to ca07jobs@gmail.com.
Please, no walk-ins or phone calls.
Page 6 of 7

MEM-091-16

Georgia Democrat seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized
Administrative Assistant for Washington, DC office. Responsibilities
include serving as confidential assistant to the Chief of Staff and Member,
supporting Member’s daily activities, and other tasks as assigned. This
position is completely administrative in nature. Applicants should submit
cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to GADemJobs@gmail.com.
Please include Administrative Assistant in the subject line. No phone calls or
drop-bys.

MEM-089-16

Senior Democratic Member from California seeks an experienced, detailoriented, and highly organized Scheduler for the Washington, D.C. Office.
Responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules, coordinating all travel arrangements, and assisting the Member
with meeting requests and changes to the calendar. The Scheduler is
responsible for communicating and directing D.C. staff on the materials
required for meetings/events and the execution of the daily office schedule.
Individuals applying for this position should be prepared to have flexible
work hours and be able to adapt to a fast-paced, team oriented, and dynamic
environment. Valid driver's license required. Interested applicants should send
a resume and cover letter to twaun.samuel@mail.house.gov.

MEM-088-16

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Systems Manager for Washington office.
Texas contacts preferred. Email cover letter, resume, and three references to:
DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls please).

MEM-087-16

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Legislative Assistant to cover health,
education, and other issues. Law or graduate degree and Hill experience
preferred. This is not an entry level position. Proven writing and research
skills required. Email cover letter, resume, three references, and brief writing
sample to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls please).

Page 7 of 7

