House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 13, 2017

MEM-078-17

Midwestern Democratic Member is seeking an experienced legislative staffer
to handle a portfolio including health care and education. Ideal candidate will
have prior experience as a Legislative Assistant or otherwise managing
health care and education policy. Candidate must be proficient at advancing
legislation, analyzing and briefing on complex policy issues, and drafting a
wide array of written materials. Strong written and verbal communication
skills and a demonstrated ability to work collaboratively in a team
environment are critical. This is not an entry level position and interns will
not be considered. At least three years of Hill or other relevant professional
experience is required. Applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and
two writing samples to resume.la@mail.house.gov.

MEM-077-17

Senior GOP Member looking for an experienced Communications Director.
Candidates should have Hill experience, strong writing skills and experience
working with the media. Salary commensurate with experience. Interested
applicants should send their cover letter, resume and writing samples to
TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov.

Page 1 of 7

MEM-075-17

Congressman John Delaney is seeking a high energy, highly-organized, and
detail oriented Staff Assistant for either his Gaithersburg or Hagerstown
District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Provide staff coverage for the District Office, answer constituent phone calls
and visits and oversee the handling of constituent correspondence.
• Review and assign incoming casework.
• Act as a liaison between constituents and other government agencies.
• Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
• Train and supervise interns to handle routine office matters, such as
incoming correspondence, visitors, telephone calls, and other issues that may
arise.
• Maintain office supplies and equipment. Oversee the maintenance of the
office organizational system.
• Handle other tasks as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
• Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment.
• Availability to work nights and weekends, if needed.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process.
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. To
apply, please email a resume and cover letter to MD06.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-072-17

The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Communications
Director to manage and coordinate all media and public relations activities in
a very busy and dynamic office. The ideal candidate will be able to develop
integrated communications plans, collaborate effectively with colleagues and
implement all public relations strategies.
Responsibilities include building and expanding the office’s relationships
with media outlets, working with the Chief of Staff and Deputy Chief of Staff
to develop media strategies, successfully pitching stories and press events to a
wide range of media outlets, responding to and managing media inquiries
Page 2 of 7

from diverse media outlets, writing op-eds, speeches, press releases,
statements and talking points. Responsibilities will also include working with
the deputy communications director in Hawaii as well as maintaining an
active social media profile, manage the Member’s official website, and other
tasks.
Potential candidates must be able to keep up with the fast pace of the office,
have excellent written and oral communication skills, and strong editing and
proofreading abilities. Candidates must be able to develop a keen
understanding of the unique priorities and views of the district and find ways
to advance the Member’s objectives.
This is a senior level position in a fast-paced office and requires dedication,
close attention to detail and the ability to think outside the box. Nontraditional work hours, and travel to the District are required. Hawaii ties, and
connections with national media are ideal, veteran applications are welcome.
No calls or drop ins, qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume and
writing samples to: hi02jobs@gmail.com.
MEM-069-17

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties
include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of
committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up
committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with
accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all
Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional
telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and
Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to
use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in
assisting with daily tasks and projects. Please email cover letter and resume
with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE.

MEM-068-17

The Committee on Ethics seeks an attorney for an investigative counsel
position. The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for
conducting investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings
regarding Members and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a
nonpartisan position which requires the ability to conduct impartial
investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise
before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is
desirable: government ethics, criminal law, civil litigation, administrative
investigations and adjudications, depositions, and financial accounting. Salary
Page 3 of 7

commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short
writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase
“Investigative Counsel” in the subject line.
MEM-067-17

The Committee on Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the
Office of Advice and Education. The Committee’s Advice and Education
counsels are responsible for providing a high volume of ethics advice,
education, and training to Members of Congress and their staff through
frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product. This
is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates
must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive
matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the
following areas is desirable: government ethics, ethics counseling and
training, corporate finance, securities law, and criminal law. Salary
commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short
writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase
“A&E Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-065-17

The Office Manager/Scheduler assists in the overall operation, logistics, and
compliance of the D.C. office of Congressman Thomas Massie.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTION: SUPERVISORY
Carries out responsibilities in accordance with office policy and applicable
laws. Responsibilities include training support staff employees; planning,
assigning and directing work of support staff employees;
MAIN AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY
Scheduling
- Coordinates with Congressman on a daily basis, schedules appointments,
events, and manage general demands on the Congressman’s time;
- Prepares weekly schedules for Congressman, including details of names,
times, places, and topics to be discussed;
- Provides staff with Congressman’s schedule, ensuring that relevant staff are
notified of meetings and events;
- Manages travel arrangements for Congressman and staff, including lodging,
transportation, ticketing, etc.;
- Reviews invitations and prepare responses;
- Coordinates with district staff;
- Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends;
- Performs other duties as assigned;
Budget/Finance/Payroll
- Manages the MRA
Page 4 of 7

- Monitors expenditures
- Pays bills
- Processes reimbursements
House Ethics and Compliance
- Monitors and ensures the Office's compliance with House Rules
General Office Functions
- Maintains and updates, as necessary, an employee handbook and policy
manual for theoffice;
- Provides orientation and training for new staff;
- Assists departing employees with necessary administrative procedures (i.e.,
returning keys, House I.D. cards, and other office property; obtaining
forwarding addresses, work
files, and records);
- Administers parking space assignments for office;
- Maintains confidential medical files, as necessary, for all staff members,
including interns and volunteers;
- Maintains emergency information sheets for each staff member;
- Maintains leave and time records for the Washington, D.C. staff;
- Manages office supplies for the Washington, D.C. and district offices;
- Orders business cards for the Washington, D.C. and district office staff;
- Supervises the reception desk, mail operations and the administrative files
and personnel records;
- Assumes responsibility for overall office appearance and layout;
- Assists the staff in all mass mailings and ensures that quarterly mass mailing
reports are filed;
- Maintains borrowing lists and staff borrowing I.D.'s for the Library of
Congress;
- Assists staff in scheduling House or Capitol rooms for outside group
functions;
- Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff and
constituents;
- Accepts performance based criticism and direction;
- Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
- Works under pressure and handles stress;
- Responsible for responding to ADA and OSHA questionnaires;
- Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
- Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
At least two years of office management experience. At least one year of
working in a congressional office. Alternatively, five years of related work
experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED
Page 5 of 7

- Thorough knowledge of the Members' Congressional Handbook and House
Rules;
- Provides necessary organization, supervisory, leadership and motivation to
manage office operations;
- Ability to perform essential job functions above;
- Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
- Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
- Strong leadership and organizational skills;
- Ability to manage multiple tasks and projects;
- Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
- Knowledge of office policies, practices and procedures;
- Knowledge of office computer applications; and
- Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS
Noisy, hectic, fast-paced, unpredictable environment with large number
simultaneous tasks.
Qualified candidates please submit resume to chris.mccane@mail.house.gov.
MEM-061-17

Southern Conservative Congressman seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle
a diverse portfolio of issues with a particular emphasis on Committee related
topics of health care, education and labor issues. Prior legislative experience
on Capitol Hill dealing with policy issues is required. Individuals will be
expected to have excellent research, writing, and communication skills.
Duties will include briefing the Congressman regarding bills on the floor and
policy proposals, Committee prep for hearings and markups, generating
policy positions, taking meetings with constituents, and helping with
constituent correspondence program. This individual must be confident and
well spoken, and should possess strong interpersonal skills and a willingness
to work in a team environment. Southern ties preferred. Qualified candidates
should send resume, cover letter, and writing samples to
southerncongressmanjob@gmail.com.

MEM-058-17

Midwestern Republican House member seeks an energetic, highly-organized
and detail-oriented Scheduler. Responsibilities focus primarily on managing
the Member’s schedule in Washington, D.C. and in District, but also include
evaluating all meeting requests, and coordinating office travel arrangements
and special events. The ideal candidate will be extremely detail oriented,
proactive, motivated, and will possesses flexibility and the ability to thrive in
a fast paced environment. Prior scheduling experience is preferred, and some
driving will be required. Please email your resume to
midwestmember@mail.house.gov to apply.

Page 6 of 7

MEM-053-17

Congresswoman Michelle Lujan Grisham is seeking applicants for a
motivated, hard-working, and detail-oriented Legislative Assistant. Portfolio
includes defense, veterans, foreign affairs, homeland security, education,
transportation, and science and technology. A positive attitude, sense of
humor, and excellent written and oral communication skills are essential.
Significant congressional or public policy experience is required. New
Mexico ties are a plus and the office encourages candidates of diverse
backgrounds to apply. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, gender identity, or sexual orientation. To apply, applicants should
submit one document which includes only their resume and cover letter to
NM01.Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-043-17

The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks an
enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized Staff Assistant for fast-paced
committee office. Responsibilities include front office reception; preparation
for committee hearings, markups, meetings and events; training and
supervising interns; maintaining files, office supplies and equipment; assisting
staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and other
duties as assigned. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and
oral communication skills, attention to detail, professionalism, and strong
organizational skills. Hill experience preferred. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or gender
identity. The office encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please submit a cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to
ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.

Page 7 of 7

