House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 12, 2015
MEM-022-15

Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic, organized,
creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active and visible constituent
services staff as a Caseworker.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent
issues and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events
in the Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the
Member’s work.
Candidate must be able to deal with patience and skill in resolving the
problems of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
responding to constituent requests and concerns and meeting deadlines. A
successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community
or casework experience is helpful. The ideal candidate will have significant
experience interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication
skills and a working knowledge or strong interest in the District of Columbia
and its local government. Candidate must possess a bachelor’s degree and be,
Page 1 of 9

or be willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples
and references to: (202) 225-1129 (fax) or to
dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov. NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE!
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.
MEM-020-15

Senior, Progressive, Democratic Ways and Means Committee Member has an
opening for a Tax and Finance Counsel/ Advisor to handle tax, pension,
financial services, small business, immigration, and homeland security policy.
This is not an entry-level position. Ideal candidates have Congressional
experience and substantive tax policy/ legal knowledge. Applicants should be
strong writers with the abilities to learn quickly, multi-task, and work
independently in a fluid environment. Great interpersonal skills and a good
sense of humor are a requisite. Women and minorities are encouraged to
apply.
Candidates should be prepared to start as soon as possible. Please email a
cover letter, resume, and references to leg.job@mail.house.gov. No phone
calls or drop-ins.

MEM-018-15

Progressive Democratic Member seeks an organized, energetic and savvy
Legislative Assistant to handle a broad portfolio focusing on issues
concerning our domestic agenda – including health care, the economic
development of America’s legacy cities, and immigration. This position
requires flexibility and the desire to learn about a number of diverse issues
required to push the Member’s goals forward. The selected individual will be
joining a fast-paced, team-oriented Washington, D.C. office.
Duties include monitoring legislative developments on the House floor;
developing and advancing legislation and other policy priorities of the
Member; contributing to floor speeches and other external communications;
researching and advising the Member on bills and other issues; representing
the Member in meetings; and drafting constituent correspondence. Applicants
must have superior organizational skills, strong written and oral
communication skills, and strong interpersonal skills. They should also be able
to multi-task and thrive in a fast paced environment, and have poise, patience
and a sense of humor. Michigan ties a plus.
This is a one year temporary position, but with the potential for permanent
placement.
Please email a resume and cover letter to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Page 2 of 9

MEM-017-15

The Executive Assistant is responsible for assisting with administrative
support for the Member of Congress and general office management of the
Washington, DC and Brooklyn, NY office staff. Individual must be a dynamic
and seasoned professional who is up to the challenge of being the right hand to
a busy Member of Congress. Position requires an organized and flexible
individual who is able to juggle multiple priorities. Ideal candidate will be selfmotivated, detail-oriented, reliable, energetic and well organized. Position
involves exposure to sensitive and confidential information, requiring
discretion and professionalism. Must have at least 4 to 6 years of
administrative experience. Must work well independently, take initiative on
projects, and demonstrate skill in thinking conceptually and analytically. Must
have excellent verbal and written communication skills and outstanding
customer service skills. Experience using Microsoft Office Suite including
Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint. Must be a resourceful self-starter who
thrives in a fast paced, professional environment.
Responsibilities
 Provides administrative support to the Member of Congress.
 Coordinates and maintains calendar for the Member of Congress.
Coordinates all aspects of meetings, travel, trainings and other events.
Monitors deadlines, follows up on delegated tasks, and provides
appropriate reminders.
 Coordinates any mailings or other distributions of information from the
department, both internally and externally.
 Provides meeting prep including printing materials and agendas.
 Prepares briefing materials and nightly legislative updates collected
from Senior Staff.
 Initiates telephone calls on the Member of Congress’s behalf.
 Greet constituents and coordinate with campaign, district, and Capitol
Hill staff.
 Collects, compiles, assembles, reproduces, and distributes materials as
needed.
 Schedules, coordinates, and organizes events such as meetings,
conferences.
 Provides travel support including booking, monitoring plans, creating
binders, completing reimbursements and expense reports.
 Completes and assists with special administrative projects, as needed.
Requirements :
 BA/BS degree from an accredited college or university and 4 years of
executive assistant experience; OR
 Eight (8) years of relevant work experience
Page 3 of 9





Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite.
Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills
Flexible work schedule, primary hours of 9am-5pm but occasional
telework on nights and weekends

Interested applicants send resumes to: Bklynny09@gmail.com.
MEM-010-15

North Carolina Democratic Congresswoman seeks an experienced
Communications Director. The ideal applicant will be an excellent writer and
editor with a proven ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks in a fastpaced environment, while meeting tight deadlines. Responsibilities include:
planning and implementing national and local media strategies, managing
social media platforms, writing press releases, talking points, op-eds and other
materials. Candidate must build and maintain excellent relationships with
members of the national and local media and editorial boards and have on-therecord experience. This is not an entry-level position; Hill experience is highly
desired. Please send resume and two writing samples to
NCCongressionalJobs@gmail.com. No phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins,
please. Minorities and women encouraged to apply, North Carolina ties
preferred.

MEM-009-15

Senior Democrat seeks candidates for the position of Communications
Director/Policy Advisor for a fast-paced and highly engaged office. The
successful candidate will have excellent written and verbal skills, the proven
ability to manage multiple communications projects, and the ability to exercise
discretion and independent judgment in the representation of the Member’s
position on policy issues. S/he will be responsible for developing, managing
and coordinating all communications activities, including writing press
releases, op-eds, mail pieces, talking points, organizing press events,
maintaining the official website, implementing social media strategy,
maintaining press database, writing e-newsletters & coordinating Tele-town
halls. Duties will also include briefing the Member for interviews, writing and
implementing PSAs, interacting with the press as the Member’s principal
spokesperson and coordinating the Member’s overall press relations. The ideal
candidate will have Hill experience, a depth of legislative and policy
knowledge including that of the appropriations process, and Ohio connections
of benefit. Candidates must be able to work extended hours and under time
pressure, while maintaining a positive attitude and demeanor. Please submit
resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and salary requirements to
Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov with “Communication Director/Policy
Advisor” in the subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-007-15

Progressive Senior Appropriator seeks a Legislative Director to lead staff in
a team-oriented office and serve as liaison to DHS appropriations
subcommittee.

Page 4 of 9

Responsibilities: supervise day to day activity of legislative staff; contribute to
office communications plan; proactively promote the office legislative
agenda; manage a personal legislative issue portfolio which may include
homeland security, defense, civil rights, judiciary, trade and foreign affairs
among others; and perform other related duties as assigned.
Candidates should possess thorough knowledge of the legislative process
and House procedures; previous supervisory experience; excellent
organizational and communication skills; ability to work under pressure and
meet deadlines; flexibility with priorities and ever changing deadlines; detail
orientation; and ability to meet attendance requirements including a varied
and often unpredictable work schedule.
Pluses include knowledge of immigration/DHS issues, California ties
and Spanish proficiency. People of color, women and LGBT persons strongly
encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit via email the following documents: cover
letter, resume and one writing sample. Care should be taken to include each
document as a separate attachment in the same email
to: SoCalDCstaffOpening@mail.house.gov.
MEM-414-14

The Committee on Ethics seeks an experienced attorney to serve as the
Director of Investigations for the Committee. The Director will manage the
Committee’s nonpartisan staff of attorneys and other professionals who are
responsible for conducting investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary
proceedings regarding Members and staff of the U.S. House of
Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to
serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan
activity. Candidates must possess a minimum of 5 years of experience with
complex investigations, outstanding analytical and written and oral
communication skills, and the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the
sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more
of the following areas is also desirable: government ethics, criminal law, civil
litigation, administrative investigations and adjudications, depositions, and
familiarity with Congress and its unique institutional prerogatives. Previous
management experience preferred. Salary commensurate with
experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Director of
Investigations” in the subject line.

MEM-409-14

Congressman Xavier Becerra is seeking to immediately fill a full-time job
opening for a Senior Field Deputy position in his district office. The Senior
Field Deputy serves as the congressman’s liaison with the community, local
organizations and government agencies; staff and/or represent the
congressman at events; advise the congressman about local issues; help
Page 5 of 9

organize community based meetings and events; implement proactive
constituent outreach program; prepare Member for speeches and
Meetings; draft correspondence. Supervise field team and district activities.
This position may require work hours beyond the normal 8-hour work day and
may also include work on weekends and holidays.
Qualifications
• Strong written, communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability
to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer
service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
• Prefer four years of experience working directly with the community at large.
Supervisorial experience required.
• Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with Microsoft
Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
• Bachelor’s degree preferred.
• Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government agencies and
structure (county, state and federal).
• Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be
able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects simultaneously and
work under pressure. Attention to detail and accuracy is essential.
• Candidate should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to excellence,
upbeat demeanor and flexibility.
• Candidate should expect weekend, some holidays, and after-hours
assignments.
• Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.
All interested individuals should email or fax a cover letter, resume (including
salary history) to: Resume.California@mail.house.gov or fax (213) 481-1429.
No phone calls please.
MEM-406-14

Progressive Democratic Member of the Judiciary Committee seeks Legislative
Assistant/Counsel, potentially to fill Legislative Director position, to staff
Member on committee matters. Qualified applicants will also be considered
for Legislative Director position. Legislative portfolio will include criminal
justice and drug policy, civil rights and civil liberties, immigration, and
intellectual property. Responsibilities include assisting with management of
legislative staff, preparing materials for hearings, drafting legislation, meeting
with stakeholders, writing talking points, coordinating with Communications
Director and representing the Member at meetings and events. If selected as
Legislative Director, will be responsible for directing legislative agenda,
managing legislative staff, and editing constituent correspondence and all other
written material. Applicants should have strong organizational, writing, and
communication skills and be detail oriented. This is not an entry level position.
A JD and substantial Hill experience, including thorough knowledge of House
rules and legislative process are required. Should also have ability to work in a
fast-paced environment while keeping a sense of humor.
Page 6 of 9

Management/supervision experience preferred. Tennessee ties are a plus.
Please send a cover letter, resume and two writing samples to
cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-401-14

Hawai‘i Democratic member seeks a hardworking DC-based Press Secretary
to join a busy and proactive team. Applicant must have previous speech
writing experience; experience working with the media; thrive at multitasking
and working long hours; have sound political judgment; and a social media
background. Responsibilities include: speech writing, drafting news releases,
talking points, and op-eds; preparing the member for television and print
interviews; responding to press inquiries in a timely and appropriate manner;
oversee compilation of daily news clips; monitoring the news/social media
platforms throughout the day; maintaining and growing the office’s new media
presence; and developing website content. Duties also include: staffing the
member at public events; booking interviews and pitching stories; developing
relationships with national and Hawai‘i reporters; managing and updating
official website; and developing and implementing strategic communications
plans. Must be a team player and have a good sense of humor.
This is not an entry-level position. Professional communications and on-therecord experience is required. Capitol Hill experience and Hawai‘i ties are
preferred. Candidates should have knowledge of the legislative process, as
well as the ability to identify local and national press opportunities. Please
send cover letter, resume, salary requirements, and two writing samples to
hi02jobs@gmail.com. Please, no phone calls or drop bys.

MEM-400-14

Liberal Northeastern House full committee chairman seeks a Staff
Assistant/Scheduler to manage the Members schedule, staff the front desk,
greet constituents, and answer telephones and to arrange tours. Qualified
applicants should have a very positive attitude, strong organizational skills,
orientation to detail, should possess strong verbal and written communication
skills, and the ability to multi-task. Responsibilities will include opening and
sorting mail and faxes, assisting in data entry and management of the
constituent mail system, drafting constituent correspondence and assisting the
Member and staff with various projects. The Staff Assistant is also
responsible for some office administration, including maintaining office
supplies and supervising office interns. Interested parties should email a cover
letter and resume to Pa.CongressionalResume@mail.house.gov. No phone
calls or walk-ins please. This position opens in early January, 2015.

MEM-397-14

Senior, progressive California member seeks highly proactive, experienced
communications professional to serve as district-based Communications
Manager. Responsibilities include developing and implementing a strategic
district – based communications plan, including substantial media and
constituent outreach. Potential candidate must have proven track record with
traditional and ethnic press, broadcast and digital media, and strong pitching
Page 7 of 9

skills. Outstanding writing skills are required for varying mediums including:
remarks for events, press statements, social media, op-eds, and keynote
speeches. Demonstrated ability to organize constituencies and stakeholders is
also required. Ideal candidates will have political savvy, depth of
communications experience, and desire to work long hours in a fast-paced and
results- oriented environment. Qualified candidates should submit resume,
cover letter, and two writing samples and salary requirements to
lee.resumes@mail.house.gov. Minority candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.
OGC-001-14

The Office of General Counsel (“OGC”) of the United States House of
Representatives is accepting applications for the position of Paralegal. OGC is
a non-partisan office that provides legal advice and representation, without
regard to political affiliation, to the House of Representatives as an institution,
as well as to Members, committees, officers, and employees of the House on
matters related to their official responsibilities. OGC litigates at both the trial
and appellate levels in various courts around the country. It also provides dayto-day legal advice on a broad array of legal issues including, but not limited
to, constitutional law, the interpretation and application of federal statutes, the
construction and application of House rules, contracts, torts, immigration, and
intellectual property. For more information about OGC, please see
http://www.ogc.house.gov/.
OGC’s Paralegal will be responsible for formatting, cite checking and proof
reading legal pleadings; ensuring that all legal pleadings comply with
applicable court rules; filing legal pleadings in federal and state courts;
otherwise assisting OGC lawyers as needed, including assisting in preparing
them for court appearances; conducting factual research; drafting
correspondence; maintaining, managing, and archiving office files; assisting
with the management of OGC’s electronic database; assisting with general
office management; and performing other tasks that may be assigned from
time to time. Normal hours for this position are 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.,
although additional hours will be required from time to time.
Minimum Requirements: (1) excellent academic credentials; (2) at least five
years’ experience as a litigation paralegal or in a similar position; (3) excellent
organizational skills; (4) excellent research skills; (5) excellent computer skills
(including familiarity with Westlaw, Word/WordPerfect, Adobe Acrobat,
PACER and ECF, document review platforms, and database management
applications); (6) strong writing skills; (7) a non-partisan temperament; and (8)
the ability to work well with colleagues in a fast-paced environment.
Email resume and cover letter to OGC.Employment@mail.house.gov. Your
cover letter should indicate the date you are available to start work.

MEM-395-14

Ohio Democratic Member seeks a hardworking Press Secretary to join a busy
Page 8 of 9

and proactive team. Applicant must have previous speech writing experience;
thrive at multitasking and working long hours; and, have sound political
judgment.
Responsibilities include, but may not be limited to, speech writing, drafting
news releases, talking points, and op-eds; responding to press inquiries in a
timely and appropriate manner; early daily news clips; monitoring the news/
social media platforms throughout the day; and supervising the development of
website and social media content. Duties also include: booking interviews and
pitching stories; developing relationships with reporters; organizing events;
and developing and implementing media, communications, and public
relations strategies. The successful applicant must be a team player, and will
work closely with the Chief of Staff, Communications Director, and D.C./
District team.
This is not an entry-level position. Professional communications and on-therecord experience is required. Hill experience and familiarity with Ohio,
especially Northeastern Ohio, is strongly preferred. Candidates should have
knowledge of the legislative process, as well as the ability to identify local and
national press opportunities. Salary is commensurate with experience. Please
send cover letter, resume, and three original writing samples to
District11Resumes@mail.house.gov with “PRESS SECRETARY” in the
subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls
MEM-393-14

Florida Democrat seeks a highly-organized, detail-oriented Deputy
Scheduler/Office Manager for the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities
include organizing and tracking invitations, speaking engagements and
scheduling requests for the Member; travel reservations; and coordinating with
district office. Additionally, the Deputy Scheduler/Office Manager will work
closely with the Chief of Staff to ensure efficient and seamless
office operations. Ideal candidates are nimble, can work under pressure, be a
team player, and are able to navigate competing demands. Candidates must be
on call and available to assist the Member after regular business
hours. Applicants must also have excellent organizational skills, strong
written and verbal communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, savvy
political instincts, poise and ability to thrive in a fast paced environment. This
is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill operational and/or
scheduling experience is required. Florida ties preferred. No phone calls,
emails or drop-bys. Please submit resume to FL23Resume@mail.house.gov.

Page 9 of 9

