________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 27, 2022

MEM-305-22

Office Profile:
The Office of the Legislative Counsel (Office) is a nonpartisan office of the
United States House of Representatives that assists the Members and committees
of the House with the drafting of legislation and related activities. The Office
does not advocate the adoption or rejection of any particular proposal or policy
and provides assistance on an impartial and confidential basis. The Office is an
Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment with the Office is at-will.
Job Summary:
The Assistant Systems Administrator works primarily with the Systems
Administrator and the Senior Systems Analyst of the information technology (IT)
team within the Office. Together, the IT team supports the mission of the Office
through the development, implementation, and maintenance of IT systems
necessary to meet a wide variety of operational requirements.
Duties of the Assistant Systems Administrator include the following:
•Providing first-, second-, and third-tier support to users experiencing software
and hardware issues.
•Imaging, distributing, setting up, and supporting Microsoft systems for users,
including related troubleshooting.
•Creating new users, system accounts, groups, and other security principals in
Active Directory.
Page 1 of 15

•Reading, writing, interpreting, and modifying batch files.
•Installing and positioning IT equipment, including the moving and lifting of such
equipment.
•Communicating information on the status of systems to IT team members, users,
and management.
•Supporting administrative processes to ensure the IT team’s ability to support
users, maintain inventory, track the status of systems, and deploy software.
•Maintaining basic to intermediate troubleshooting and operational knowledge
with respect to all the software implemented within the Office.
•Resolving issues regarding network and internet security.
•Integrating Office systems and operations with the systems and operations of
other House organizations.
•Working, as directed, with House Information Resources server owners on the
management, design, development, building, and maintenance of servers
(including VMware and Windows servers), server applications, and systems
software.
•Communicating with contractors and other external entities who interact with the
Office.
•Escalating problems that merit additional support through the proper channels.
•Additional tasks as assigned.
This position does not include supervisory duties.
Qualifications:
A successful candidate for the position of Assistant Systems Administrator
should possess the following:
Technical abilities:
•Demonstrated technical skills and the ability to develop solutions to complex
technical problems.
•Experience, including basic to intermediate troubleshooting and operational
knowledge, with respect to the following: DNS|DHCP|TCP/IP, Windows Server
2016/2019, Windows 10, Microsoft Office 365, and internet and communication
protocols.
•Experience reading, writing, interpreting, and modifying batch files.
•An understanding of PowerShell.
•An understanding of Hyper-V.
Personal skills:
•A willingness to pursue training, as necessary, to acquire and maximize skills.
•Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to
effectively communicate IT concepts to individuals with varying levels of
experience and knowledge.
•Strong attention to detail.
•Ability to self-start, multitask, and effectively prioritize under tight deadlines.
•Ability to work both independently and cooperatively.

Page 2 of 15

A candidate with one, or more, of the following certifications is encouraged to
apply:
•CompTIA A+
•CompTIA Network+
•CompTIA ITF+
•Microsoft 365 Certified: Fundamentals
•MCSE or equivalent
Requirements:
To be eligible for the position of Assistant Systems Administrator, an applicant
must (1) be a U.S. citizen and (2) have a bachelor’s degree in Management
Information Systems (or similar field) or an equivalent combination of education
and experience.
In addition, a successful applicant must (1) have a willingness to work a flexible
schedule, including late evenings and occasional weekends, given the varying
demands of the congressional schedule, and (2) have an ability to be impartial, in
appearance as well as in fact, on matters of politics and public policy.
Benefits:
Employment with the Office provides access to a wide variety of benefits,
including a three-tiered retirement plan, health insurance, student loan repayment
assistance, life and long-term care insurance, competitively priced on-site
childcare, generous annual and sick leave, weekly telework opportunities, and a
parking space or public transportation assistance.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, a resume, applicable transcripts
and certifications, and the names and telephone numbers of at least 3 references
to legcoun@mail.house.gov with “Assistant Systems Administrator job
opportunity” in the subject line. No phone calls, please.
MEM-303-22

Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03) seeks National Security/Military Legislative
Assistant
Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03) seeks a hard-working, strategically minded
National Security/Military Legislative Assistant to join his DC policy team. This
is not an entry-level position. Given the Congressman’s previous career work in
national security and his positions on the House Armed Services and Foreign
Affairs Committees, we are ideally looking for someone with previous policy
experience handling national security, defense, foreign affairs and/or international
development issues that can build upon this office’s expertise and effectively
drive policy on the Hill.
Candidates should have experience in formulating and advancing legislation and
a demonstrated ability to brief a Member of Congress on complex policy issues
Page 3 of 15

both orally and in writing. Successful applicants will work quickly under
pressure, have good working knowledge of House legislative processes and
procedures, excellent organization and communication skills, and work well with
others. This position reports to the Legislative Director, manages 1-2 fellows, and
works closely with the rest of the Congressman’s legislative and communications
teams.
RESPONSIBILITIES
• Handles a portfolio of legislative issues, which may be tailored to the
candidate’s expertise but will likely include: defense, national security, foreign
affairs and international development including the House Armed Services and
Foreign Affairs Committees.
• Tracks legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas.
• Takes constituent and advocacy group meetings.
• Builds relationships with district and national stakeholders and advocacy
organizations.
• Reviews legislation and makes recommendations for cosponsorships and letters
for the Congressman to sign.
• Builds support for the Member’s legislation and develops/implements ideas for
new legislation to advance the Congressman’s strategic priorities, with guidance
from the Legislative Director.
• Develops and advances the Member's priorities in the National Defense
Authorization Act (NDAA).
• Exercises discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member.
• Reviews draft press releases and social media in assigned issue areas for
technical accuracy.
• Identifies opportunities for the Member to engage with national and
international organizations, think tanks, and leaders in the field of national
security, including tracking major conferences, events, and potential speaking
engagements.
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:
• 1-2 years of previous legislative experience on the Hill
• Knowledge of or ties to New Jersey a plus
TO APPLY: Email a cover letter, resume, a short writing sample, and 2-3
references to NJ03Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “National
Security/Military Legislative Assistant: [Your Full Name]” Please no unsolicited
drop-ins, phone calls, or emails to the office.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: July 5, 2022 at 6pm EST
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
Page 4 of 15

MEM-300-22

Congressman Mike Garcia (CA-25) seeks an experienced Scheduler.
Main responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules for both DC and the District; organizing and evaluating all incoming
meeting requests and invitations; keeping the Member on schedule throughout the
day; working with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings; coordinating travel arrangements; processing and
managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member; and communicating
with constituents by phone and email to address requests, concerns, and
questions.
Additional responsibilities include other administrative tasks.
Candidates should be highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task,
resourceful, team-oriented, and have a positive attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including
some weekend availability as needed.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Applicants should have previous scheduling
experience (at least one year in a similar position). Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume via email
to Charles.navarro@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler” in the subject line.

MEM-298-22

The office of Congresswoman Suzan DelBene (D-WA) seeks a dynamic press
assistant/staff assistant with strong digital media skills.
Press assistant tasks include sending daily clips, developing social media content,
drafting press materials, and assisting in other aspects of the team’s fast-paced
media operation. Strong writing skills with expertise and passion for digital
media are required. Staff assistant duties include maintaining the front office,
overseeing tours and flag requests, and ensuring day-to-day operations run
smoothly. Hill experience and Washington state ties are a plus. If you have salary
requirements, please include them in your application.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Diverse candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. Please mention any Pacific Northwest ties in your cover letter.
To apply, please send your cover letter, resume, and two 1-2 page writing
samples or a digital portfolio to Washington.Resumes@mail.house.gov and put
“Press Assistant” in the subject line.

Page 5 of 15

MEM-295-22

The office of Congresswoman Yvette Clarke (NY-09) seeks a high
motivated Legislative Assistant to focus on a portfolio of environment, energy
and climate change.
Job Responsibilities and Related Duties:
•Oversees the Congresswoman’s E&C committee work, as assigned;
•Tracks legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas, briefs the
•Member for floor and committee work, coordinates with Communications staff
to draft floor speeches for the Member and plans and coordinates co-sponsorships
and support of other legislation related to assigned issue areas;
•Formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas including planning,
coordinating and scheduling introduction of legislation, gathering support for a
bill or amendment; working with committees on legislation and coordinating
legislative support for bill passage;
•Responsible for assigned caucuses, including attending meetings, compiling
information and briefing the Member on pertinent information;
•Works with Scheduler, Legislative Director, District Director, and Chief of Staff
to plan district events related to assigned issue areas;
•Meets with constituents and interest groups related to assigned issue areas and
completes meeting notes for each meeting.
•Provides information on and generates ideas for press, mass mailings, and
newsletters
•Other duties as assigned.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least two years
of Capitol Hill experience, and excellent writing and communication skills.
Qualified candidates should email their resume and cover letter with the
subject line “Legislative Assistant” to: ny09resume@mail.house.gov
Minimum salary of $55,000/ year. Increased salary commensurate with
experience.
New York City ties are encouraged.
No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-291-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.

Page 6 of 15

The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
•Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
•Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
•Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
•Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-289-22

Legislative Assistant Opening -- Congresswoman Lois Frankel (FL-21) is hiring
a Legislative Assistant to support her work as Co-Chair of the Democratic
Women’s Caucus (DWC), and cover a range of issues on the Appropriations
Committee, including the Energy & Water Subcommittee, transportation,
housing, judiciary, and other areas as assigned based on need and expertise.
Page 7 of 15

Applicant must be comfortable working in a fast-paced and team-oriented
environment. Excellent writing skills, ability to build and maintain relationships,
and attention to detail are required. This is not an entry-level position. Previous
experience with the Hill and the Appropriations process is strongly preferred.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
Salary will start at $65,000, depending on experience, and includes health
insurance along with other competitive benefits. Please email a cover letter and
resume with the subject line “Legislative Assistant”
to FLJobOpening@mail.house.gov. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling
basis.
MEM-284-22

Republican House Member seeks experienced candidates for the role of
Scheduler. A successful candidate will demonstrate a keen attention to detail and
adapt well.
Primary responsibilities will include intaking and organizing all meeting requests,
updating the Member’s calendar, and managing quick-to-evolve travel
arrangements. Qualified candidates must have relevant scheduling or front-office
experience, preferably on Capitol Hill.
Interested candidates should send their resume
to: housegopscheduler@gmail.com.

MEM-283-22

Congresswoman Doris Matsui (D-CA-06) seeks a Legislative Assistant to focus
on a portfolio of energy, environment, and climate.
This position will handle the Congresswoman’s Energy and Commerce Energy
Subcommittee work and her role as co-chair of the House Sustainable Energy and
Environment Coalition (SEEC) and co-chair of the SEEC Nature and Oceans
Task Force. The portfolio will be focused on natural climate solutions, clean
energy, clean transportation, environmental justice, and energy equity policy; it
will also likely include women’s issues, immigration work, and potentially a few
other issues.
This is not an entry-level position. Hill experience is strongly preferred. The
office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

Page 8 of 15

Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority applicants are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com. Please use “Energy/Enviro LA” as the
subject.
MEM-281-22

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-53) is looking for an ambitious
and detail- oriented Communications Director based in Washington, D.C.
The Communications Director will be responsible for developing and
implementing media, communications, and public relations strategies on behalf
of Congresswoman Jacobs and her office. The ideal candidate will be a strong
writer with demonstrated political instincts, solid relationships with the Capitol
Hill press corps, an interest in non-traditional methods of communication, and an
aversion to conventional wisdom.
California ties are helpful; good judgment, common sense, and a sense of humor
are a must. The position reports to the Congresswoman and Chief of Staff.
Responsibilities include:
•Crafting the office’s communications strategy
•Acting as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Congresswoman
•Writing and/or editing talking points, op-eds, press statements, press releases,
social media, and weekly newsletters on behalf of the Congresswoman
•Working with the Capitol Hill press corps and non-political outlets to book
media appearances and pitch stories
•Overseeing the office’s mass communications/franking program, and working
with the Legislative Correspondent on the office’s mail program
•Overseeing the work of the Communications Aide in the District Office and the
Digital Assistant in the Washington, D.C. office
•Staying up to date on current events and legislation relevant to the
Congresswoman, her priorities, and her district
•Working a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, writing sample and/or portfolio,
and resume with “Jacobs - Communications Director” in the subject line
to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, with priority given to earlier applicants.
The Office of Congresswoman Jacobs is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status.

Page 9 of 15

MEM-278-22

The office of Congressman Dan Kildee is seeking an organized and creative
communications professional to join the Washington, D.C. team.
The digital/press assistant will assist the press secretary in all aspects of the
office’s robust communications operation for a Member of Democratic
leadership.
Qualified candidates will have one to two years of political, campaign or
advocacy communications experience. Successful candidates will be
collaborative team players who enjoy taking initiative, solving problems and
thinking creatively. Michigan ties are a plus.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Maintain the Member’s social media accounts
•Develop, plan, and post social media content
•Create graphics, film and edit photos and videos, including clipping, captioning
and adding branding
•Compile daily press clips
•Stay informed about relevant legislative issues and current events in the district
•Manage Member’s website
•Maintain press lists, robust photo archive and analytics trackers
•Assist with logistics for town halls, press conferences, etc.
•Write e-newsletters, press releases and media advisories
•Support franked mail and digital communications campaigns
•Work flexible schedule, including long hours, nights and weekends as necessary,
and perform other duties as assigned
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills
•Experience using Adobe Suite, Canva, Wavve and Kapwing or equivalent digital
products to create graphics, videos, and other digital content
•Understanding of print, broadcast, and digital media
•Experience developing social media content and managing platforms for clients
or cause
•Proficiency in constituent management platforms, such as IQ, preferred
•Strong organizational skills, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
•Command of AP style
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Ability to work well under pressure, manage multiple deadlines and accept
performance-based criticism and direction
Applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, one writing sample, one sample
social post and one digital/creative sample to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com with
the subject line “Digital/Press Assistant.” Digital portfolios or websites also
accepted for creative samples.

Page 10 of 15

Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation, gender
identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-265-22

Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized, and
professional individual to serve in the role of Staff Assistant.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, possess excellent
communication and time-management skills, the ability to exercise sound,
independent judgment, and the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with
others.
Additional daily tasks include answering phones, processing mail, assisting with
constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, and other administrative
duties supporting the Member and staff as needed.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter
to staffassistant2022@yahoo.com. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-231-22

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.

Page 11 of 15

Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.
MEM-208-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks an experienced
Communications Director based in the DC office to develop and execute the
Congressman’s communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and
Means, Armed Services, and Budget committees.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to Congressman Horsford and will supervise the work of
junior communications staff. They will be responsible for executing an
aggressive communications plan that generates positive local and national media
coverage, reaches diverse communities, and expands the Congressman’s reach to
new audiences.
Responsibilities include but is not limited to:
•Working with Congressman Horsford, the Chief of Staff, the Deputy Chief of
Staff, and the District Director to develop strategic messaging priorities.
•Managing all day-to-day external communications from the office, including
press releases, remarks, floor speeches, interview memos, newsletters, op-eds,
and social media.
•Proactively identifying opportunities to expand Congressman Horsford’s local
and national media profile and working closely with the Congressional Black
Caucus, the House Labor Caucus, and other affiliated caucuses on shared
priorities.
•Pitching stories to local and national press and planning press conferences, press
calls, and other press events.
•Developing a strategic plan and budget for all communications programs.
•Designing and implementing a creative digital communications program,
including both paid advertising and organic social media. The Communications
Director will also be responsible for keeping the Congressman’s website up-todate.
•Overseeing franked communications and a robust 499 program.
This is not an entry-level position, and candidates must have previous press
experience on or off Capitol Hill. Strong oral and written communications skills
are required. Prior experience managing franked communications is a plus.
The ideal candidate must be collaborative, creative, energetic, detail-oriented,
able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fastpaced and demanding setting.
Page 12 of 15

Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Experience with video editing and graphic design is also a plus and Nevada ties a
plus.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three writing samples, and three
professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-149-22

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active and
visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework distribution;
answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings, condolences and
congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities may also include
casework assignments if the District Director finds that the staff assistant can take
on such work while paying the required attention to his/her already assigned
tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting, training,
scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move
immediately to D.C., if hired.
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov

MEM-069-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks a Press Media
Secretary based in the DC office to work closely with the Communications
Director, based in the district office to develop and execute the Congressman’s
communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and Means, Armed
Services, and Budget committees.
The Press Media Secretary must be and stay up to date with the latest digital,
technical, and social media trends. Able to express the Congressman's voice
creatively and promote social media presence, ensuring high web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Page 13 of 15

Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines. This position serves as a
part of the Communications team and reports directly to the Director of
Communications based in the district, however, this person will be the main point
of contact in the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
• Acts as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Managing the Congressman’s social media platforms, developing a weekly
content calendar, and drafting rapid response content during breaking news
moments.
• Maintaining the Congressman’s website and drafting new website content
covering key policy issues.
• Preparing daily press clip summaries and monitoring the Congressman’s media
mentions.
• Writing a weekly newsletter, creating digital ads, and participating in other
efforts to keep constituents of Nevada’s Fourth District informed about the work
of a busy Congressional office.
• Helping to plan and staff communications-focused events for the Congressman,
both in-district and in Washington D.C.
• Writing short-form speeches and video scripts and preparing video clips of the
Congressman for public distribution.
• Building relationships with allies and online influencers to amplify
Congressman Horsford’s digital message and expand his online reach.
• Perform all other duties as required
The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work closely with
legislative and district staff. The ideal candidate will have experience in or
interest in learning about aspects of the office’s traditional press operations,
including writing press releases, drafting talking points and speeches, forming
relationships with members of the media, and pitching stories.
This is an ideal position for someone with 1-2 years of communications or digital
experience. Applicants must be passionate about public service, well-organized,
and have the ability to work on weekends and holidays when necessary.
Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other
languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply. Experience
with video editing and graphic design is also a plus. Nevada ties are a plus, but
not required.

Page 14 of 15

Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, three writing samples, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Press/Media Secretary” in the subject
line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.

Page 15 of 15

