House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 18, 2018

MEM-162-18

The U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission is seeking a
Policy Analyst on the Economics and Trade Team. The individual will be
part of a group of analysts responsible for monitoring developments in
economics and trade pertaining to China, Taiwan, and the Asia-Pacific region,
as well as writing research papers and portions of the Commission’s Annual
Report to Congress. Further responsibilities, qualification requirements, and
information on how to apply can be found here. All application materials are
due July 6, 2018 at 5:00 pm.

MEM-156-18

Southern Democrat seeks a Press Secretary to lead an active
communications operation in the Washington, D.C. office. Successful
candidates will have superb written and verbal communication skills, be
comfortable multi-tasking, have excellent attention to detail, and work well
under pressure. Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
drafting press releases, speeches, op-eds, and letters to the editor, managing
relationships with local and national reporters, proactively engaging in media
outreach, curating an active social media presence, managing e-newsletters,
and graphic design. The Press Secretary will work collaboratively with the
Page 1 of 3

legislative and district staffs and closely with the Member. Candidates must
be available nights and weekends as required. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and diverse candidates are strongly encouraged to apply
at nchousejobs@gmail.com. This is not an entry level position.
MEM-145-18

Representative Tim Walz (MN-01) seeks a Staff Assistant to join his
Washington, DC staff. The Staff Assistant will be responsible for managing
the front office, receiving visitors and telephone calls, supervising interns,
completing flag and tour requests, and performing other administrative,
legislative, and communications tasks as required. Successful candidates will
demonstrate an understanding and adherence to the servant-leader model; a
high degree of professionalism; strong writing, organizational, and
interpersonal skills; an ability to take initiative in a dynamic, fast-paced
environment; and a positive, collegial attitude. Capitol Hill experience and
Minnesota ties are not required, but they are preferred. Interested candidates
should send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and three professional
references to Walz.Resumes@mail.house.gov. Representative Walz is an
equal opportunity employer.

MEM-144-18

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative assistant with a background in law to join our
Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will
be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

Page 2 of 3

MEM-143-18

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a professional and
dynamic executive assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The executive assistant will be responsible for efficient and accurate
management of all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term schedule,
meeting logistics, maintaining files and drafting correspondence, greeting
visitors, answering phones, and contributing to other miscellaneous projects
as needed. The person also will be involved in scheduling staff meetings and
briefings, and helping constituents with their visits to Washington, DC,
among other duties.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, flexible, and calm
under pressure. The applicant must possess excellent communication and
time-management skills, a sense of urgency and the ability to work
independently with sound judgment and minimal direction, and the ability to
work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Two years of experience in an
administrative or scheduling role is preferred, although Hill experience is not
required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "executive assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

Page 3 of 3

