House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 12, 2019

MEM-385-19

LEGISLATIVE AIDE – California Democrat seeks Legislative Aide to
assist an active and dynamic legislative team. Candidates should have
excellent research, writing, and communication skills. Duties include
administrative assistance, research, special projects, and constituent
correspondence. Prior experience on Capitol Hill is preferred. Office is an
equal opportunity employer.
Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
to CADemocratResumes@gmail.com

MEM-384-19

Active Republican Energy and Commerce Member seeks an Executive
Assistant to manage the Member’s schedule and office logistics. Primary
duties include processing all scheduling requests, maintaining the Member’s
schedule, and ensuring the Member has briefing materials for all meetings in
D.C. and the district.
The qualified candidate will be:
•Highly organized and skilled at handling multiple tasks at once;
•Detail oriented;
•Able to keep up in a fast paced environment;
Page 1 of 15

•Proactive, anticipating the needs and expectations of the Member;
•Team oriented with good communication skills; and
•Resourceful and able to solve problems creatively and independently.
This is not an entry-level position and prior Congressional experience is
preferred. To apply please send a resume and cover letter to
GOPhousescheduler@gmail.com
MEM-382-19

Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard’s Hawaii District Office in Honolulu has an
opening for a full-time staff assistant. Job responsibilities include fielding
constituent calls, processing mail, internship program coordination,
processing casework intake and constituent requests for information,
maintaining a photographic database, drafting correspondence, maintaining
office equipment, and other administrative duties as needed. In addition, the
staff assistant occasionally represents Congresswoman Gabbard at community
meetings or events.
We are seeking applicants to join our fun, team-oriented, hard-working office.
The ideal candidate will possess a can-do attitude and will be process and
solution oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter
and will possess the capacity to produce high quality work on short deadlines.
He or she will also have a demonstrated ability to communicate effectively
with colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work environment.
Please do not call or drop in to the office; qualified applicants may email a
cover letter, resume and two writing samples with “Staff Assistant” in the
email title to: hi02jobs@gmail.com. Veteran applications are welcome!

MEM-381-19

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff seeks dedicated,
organized and enthusiastic candidates to join the Communications and
Technology Subcommittee staff as Professional Staff Member or Counsel.
The jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes traditional and emerging
communications technologies generally and as they relate to emergency and
public safety communications, consumer protection, cybersecurity, privacy,
and data security.
The subcommittee oversees the Federal Communications Commission, the
National Telecommunications and Information Administration, the Office of
Emergency Communications in the Department of Homeland Security, and all
aspects of the above-referenced jurisdiction related to the Department of
Homeland Security.
The position requires the handling of substantive legislative and
administrative tasks, including staffing hearings and markups, conducting
oversight, and drafting legislation. Qualified candidates must have strong
writing, analytical, legislative, and organizational skills; a proven ability to
Page 2 of 15

perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with competing
priorities; a willingness to work long hours and weekends; and sound political
judgment. Candidates should have experience working with relevant public
interest groups, the FCC, Congress, and industry. Law degree preferred but
not required.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability,
or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to
apply. Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and at least two
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line
C&T PSM/Counsel Candidate
MEM-380-19

TITLE: Constituent Services Representative, Palmdale REPORTS TO:
Deputy District Director
SUMMARY:
The Office of Congresswoman Katie Hill is looking for a full-time
Constituent Services Representative to act as an accessible, approachable, and
effective bridge between the community and the office. The Constituent
Services Representative will lead the office’s veterans casework and
community outreach operation to deliver excellent constituent services. The
right candidate is a self-starter, passionate about civil service, and is able to
work both independently and as part of a team. Those with experience and a
strong interest in working with veterans are encouraged to apply.
This is a full-time salaried position, reporting to the Deputy District Director.
The Constituent Services Representative will be based out of the Palmdale
district office during normal operating hours and is also expected to attend
events outside the office during the week, some evenings, and on weekends.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
●To assist constituents with cases involving federal agencies, predominantly
the United States Department of Veterans Affairs
●to represent the Member and the office at community events and in meetings
●to assist the District team in planning and staffing events hosted by our
office
●to answer correspondence and verbal communications with constituents
including answering the telephone, greeting visitors to the office, and
responding to constituent requests for general information;
●to maintain a professional and courteous front office; and
●to take the lead on various community outreach and legislative projects, as
assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
●Minimum of 3 years work experience, preferably in a related field, such as
Page 3 of 15

social work or customer service;
●a strong track record of community service;
●demonstrable knowledge of local issues and events in which the Member is
involved or in key issue areas;
●strong oral and written communication skills, including proven ability to
convey empathy and exercise discretion and good judgement;
●proficiency in word processing, operation of office equipment, and general
tech savvy;
●excellent organizational skills, thoroughness, and careful attention to detail;
●skill in organizing and prioritizing work tasks and activities;
●ability to work well under pressure;
●ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; and
●availability to work nights and weekends, as necessary.
DUTIES:
Constituent Casework
●Communicates with federal agency liaisons and follows through with
constituents to deliver updates and final outcomes of their cases;
●continually screens active cases to ensure that they are handled in a
responsive manner;
●assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the Deputy District Director and District Director; and
●screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices.
Constituent Services
●Actively listens to the concerns of constituents, empathizes, and ensures that
requests for assistance are handled in a timely manner;
●is an expert in all matters related to maintaining a professional, courteous
office environment, including greeting and screening visitors, answering and
screening telephone calls, taking messages, assisting persons who have
appointments, handling materials delivered to the office in a timely manner,
maintaining the office voicemail, and logging constituent opinions, including
full name, address, and all relevant information; and
●serves as an excellent role model for interns and fellow staff, training others
to handle office matters such as logging incoming and outgoing
correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations.
Community Outreach
●Acts as a community representative for the Member within his or her areas
of responsibility including communicating with constituents, attending events,
and planning official events where the Member may be present;
●works closely with the Deputy District Director to ensure that the Member's
appointments are on time and preparatory materials are provided;
●informs the Deputy District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned
issue areas by screening district media sources, interacting with constituents,
and building relationships with community groups;
Page 4 of 15

●works independently and as part of the team to execute various community
outreach and legislative projects, as assigned; and
●prepares weekly reports for the Deputy District Director on district activities
in his or her assigned issue areas.
To apply, please send resume and cover letter to:
Andrea.Rosenthal@mail.house.gov
MEM-379-19

TITLE: Constituent Services Assistant, Simi Valley REPORTS TO:
Constituent Services Representative
SUMMARY:
The Constituent Services Assistant serves as an accessible, approachable, and
effective bridge between the community and the Office of Congresswoman
Katie Hill. The Constituent Services Assistant conducts casework and
community outreach to deliver excellent constituent services. This individual
is a self-starter, passionate about civil service, and is able to work both
independently and as part of a team.
This role is a part-time position, reporting to the Constituent Services
Representative in Simi Valley. The Constituent Services Assistant is based
out of the Simi Valley district office during normal operating hours and will
have the opportunity to attend occasional events on behalf of the office during
the week, some evenings, and on weekends.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
●To assist constituents with cases involving federal agencies,
●to assist the District team in planning and staffing events hosted by our
office
●to answer correspondence and verbal communications with constituents
including answering the telephone, greeting visitors to the office, and
responding to constituent requests for general information;
●to maintain a professional and courteous front office; and
●to take the lead on with various community outreach and legislative projects,
as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
●Prior work or educational experience in a related field, such as social work
or customer service;
●a strong track record of community service;
●strong oral and written communication skills, including proven ability to
convey empathy and exercise discretion and good judgement;
●proficiency in word processing, operation of office equipment, and general
tech savvy;
●excellent organizational skills, thoroughness, and careful attention to detail;
●skill in organizing and prioritizing work tasks and activities;
Page 5 of 15

●ability to work well under pressure; and
●ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
DUTIES:
●Communicates with federal agency liaisons and follows through with
constituents to deliver updates and final outcomes of their cases;
●continually screens active cases to ensure that they are handled in a
responsive manner;
●screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
●actively listens to the concerns of constituents, empathizes, and ensures that
requests for assistance are handled in a timely manner; and
●maintains a professional, courteous office environment, including greeting
and screening visitors, answering and screening telephone calls, taking
messages, assisting persons who have appointments, handling materials
delivered to the office in a timely manner, maintaining the office voicemail,
and logging constituent opinions, including full name, address, and all
relevant information.
●works independently and as part of the team to execute various community
outreach and legislative projects, as assigned; and
●prepares weekly reports for the Constituent Services Representative on
district activities in his or her assigned issue areas.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to:
Melissa.Pender@mail.house.gov
MEM-378-19

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a District Representative
for his Fairfield office. Job responsibilities include monitoring district and
local issues; acting as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies in
Solano County; working with constituents who have an issue with a federal
agency ensuring they receive a timely response; and ensuring that the office is
appropriately staffed during office hours.
Qualified candidates should be hard working and possess excellent oral and
written communications skills, have knowledge of Solano County, the ability
to multi-task, meet deadlines, and produce a quality work product. A flexible
schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer. Interested applicants should submit a cover
letter, resume, and writing sample to ca.03.resumes@gmail.com, please
include District Representative in the subject line.

MEM-376-19

The Office of Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (D-CT) seeks a staff assistant
for her Washington, DC office. Duties include: greeting visitors, answering
the telephone constituent requests for general information, tours, and other
inquiries, ordering all office supplies and maintaining office equipment,
among other administrative and legislative duties as assigned.
Page 6 of 15

The ideal candidate will: work well under pressure and handle stress, be able
to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner, have the ability to work cooperatively and courteously
with others, accept performance-based criticism and direction, and be able to
work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
To apply for this position, please email Jahana.Hayes@mail.house.gov with a
cover letter and resume, with email subject line “STAFF ASSISANT FIRST
NAME LAST NAME.” No walk-ins or calls, please.
MEM-375-19

House Committee seeks detail-oriented, organized Assistant Clerk/Security
Manager. This person will work with the Chief Clerk & Deputy Clerk to
coordinate logistical aspects of hearings, markups, and Committee meetings.
Other responsibilities include managing the Legislative Calendar, hearing
documents, Committee archives, and the transcript review process. This
person would also serve as the Committee’s Security Manager to manage
classified and sensitive materials, briefings, hearings, meetings, etc. The
Assistant Clerk / Security Manager would also manage security clearances for
Members and staff, manage the Committee SCIF, and work effectively with
the House Security Office.
Candidates must possess excellent attention to detail, good written and verbal
communication skills, and be able to handle multiple projects simultaneously
in a demanding work environment.
TS or TS/SCI clearance is required. Prior Hill experience is strongly
preferred.
Interested candidates should e-mail a cover letter and resume to
Oversightjobs@mail.house.gov with “Assistant Clerk/Security Manager” in
the subject line.

MEM-373-19

House Republican Member of Congress seeks an experienced individual to
serve as his Executive Assistant in his Washington, D.C. office. This
individual will also serve as the Office Manager and Intern Coordinator.
Position duties include, but are not limited to: maintaining Member’s
Washington, DC and district calendars, managing all incoming meeting
requests and invitations, coordinating travel and logistics, processing office
invoices for vendor payment, maintaining stock of office supplies, overseeing
the day-to-day operations of the office, processing/scheduling all incoming
tour requests, managing the office’s internship program, and other duties as
required.
Applicants should be well-organized, possess a keen attention to detail, work
Page 7 of 15

well in a fast-paced environment and have strong interpersonal skills. No
phone calls or drop-ins, please.
Please submit resume and cover letter to
executiveassistantjob2019@gmail.com
MEM-370-19

The Office of Congressman Dan Meuser seeks a Scheduler for his
Washington office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's
daily and long-term schedule in DC and in the District. This individual will
work closely with the Member, DC and District staff.
The ideal candidate will have prior scheduling experience on the Hill or
comparable work environment. He or she should be well-organized, detailoriented, self-motivated, and able to work effectively in a fast-paced office.
This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
invitations and scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; and
managing operational and logistical support for the office. Applicants should
send their resume, and references to PA09Jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone
calls, emails, or walk-ins, please.

MEM-367-19

West Coast Democrat seeks an innovative and self-directed Press Aide/Press
Secretary.
Duties of the position include but are not limited to:
·Coordinating and managing all district and national communications
operations.
·Developing and executing a proactive press strategy.
·Drafting written materials including press releases, op-eds, and talking
points.
·Planning and coordinating press conferences and other media events.
·Pitching and booking interviews with local and national media outlets.
·Oversee all social media platforms and website content.
·Build and maintain excellent relationships with members of the district and
national and media and act as a spokesperson for the Member.
Qualifications and skills for the position:
. Exceptional oral and written communication skills, as well as excellent
interpersonal skills.
. Excellent writing skills with a strong attention to detail.
·The ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
·Applicants should have superior organizational abilities.
·A successful candidate will be discreet, goal oriented, and driven.
Page 8 of 15

·A sense of humor and the ability to work well as an individual and as a
member of a team.
·Professional Spanish fluency is required.
If interested, please email a resume, cover letter, and references to
CAJobs@mail.house.gov with “Press Aide/Press Secretary” in the subject
line. Relevant press experience is required. Salary will be commensurate with
experience. This is not an entry level position.
MEM-365-19

Moderate Midwestern Member seeks a hardworking, detail-oriented and
highly-organized Director of Scheduling to be based out of the Washington,
D.C., office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and
long-term schedules in D.C. and the district. Responsibilities will include, but
not be limited to: preparing and executing the Member’s daily, weekly, and
long-term schedules in both D.C. and the District; coordinating all travel for
the Member; managing incoming scheduling requests from D.C. and the
District; managing weekly scheduling meetings; and coordinating various
other projects and administrative duties as assigned.
The Director of Scheduling will work closely with the Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, Communications Director, and District Director on a
weekly basis to ensure all scheduling needs are met. The scheduler will
develop in-depth knowledge of the district’s geography and key stakeholders
in order to strategically and creatively support district staff.
The ideal candidate will be an excellent communicator with exceptional
organizational skills, an ability to work well in a demanding and fast-paced
environment, and an ability to anticipate problems, take initiative, and offer
solutions. Previous Congressional scheduling or executive-level experience
required. This is not an entry-level position. Salary commensurate with
experience.
This Office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity, or expression, or sexual orientation. Women, people of color,
veterans, and LGBTQIA individuals are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please Email your resume and cover letter to
MidWestDemjob2020@gmail.com with Subject Line “Midwestern Moderate
– Scheduler”

MEM-360-19

The Office of Congresswoman Cindy Axne (IA-03) seeks a hardworking,
people-oriented, and highly-organized District Representative/Caseworker
to join our Des Moines constituent services congressional office.

Page 9 of 15

The District Representative/Caseworker acts as a representative for the
Congresswoman within his or her area of responsibility. Essential job
functions include, but are not limited to: establishing and maintaining
relationships with local organizations, community leaders, and elected
officials on behalf of the Office; monitoring district and local issues; acting as
liaison to federal agencies; handling casework; managing special projects; and
assisting with events and other activities. Some travel is required.
The ideal candidate will have:
•excellent verbal and written communications skills;
•exceptional organizational skills;
•the ability to work well in a fast-paced environment;
•the ability to adapt and be flexible; and
•the ability to anticipate problems, take initiative, and offer solutions.
Candidates should have interest in addressing issues affecting Iowans.
Familiarity with the state and congressional district is preferred.
This Office is an equal opportunity employer. Interested applicants should
submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample (2-3 pages) to
Kaitryn.Patchett@mail.house.gov
MEM-357-19

Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere,
Civilian Security, and Trade is seeking a Staff Associate to handle day to day
administration, subcommittee event coordination, intern management,
conduct policy research, draft press and social media statements, and other
tasks as assigned. Spanish proficiency required. The Staff Associate will serve
as a subcommittee staffer coordinating hearings and assisting with preparing
legislative documents.
Successful candidates will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and
detail-oriented, with strong writing and communication skills and able to
work in a fast-paced environment. Candidates must hold a bachelor’s degree
and demonstrate clear interest in U.S. policy toward Latin America and the
Western Hemisphere more broadly. Previous Hill experience is preferred but
not required. Previous relevant work experience is preferred.
Qualified candidates should send resume and cover letter to
WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Staff Associate.” No calls or
drop-ins.

MEM-344-19

House Committee (Democratic Staff) is looking for a proactive, experienced
oversight counsel. Responsibilities include planning and conducting
congressional oversight and advising in policy matters related to oversight of
issues within the committee’s jurisdiction. Candidates must possess relevant
legal experience, excellent research and writing skills, and strong analytical
Page 10 of 15

and communication skills. Must also be a team player and able to work well
under pressure and with quick deadlines. Experience with congressional
oversight preferred; Hill experience is a plus.
J.D. is required; please no recent graduates. This is not an entry level position.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.
MEM-337-19

Progressive U.S. Member of Congress has an immediate opening for a highly
motivated Outreach Representative to join their District Office. This is a
full-time position.
Duties for this position include, but are not limited to: attending community
outreach events on behalf of the Member and District Office; working with
local businesses, merchant associations, community organizations, and
agencies to assist them in navigating the services provided by the federal
government; organizing and participating in community projects and events;
and developing and executing outreach strategies with the Outreach Director.
Other qualifications include strong communication, writing and presentation
skills, event planning experience, and knowledge of the District and the
greater Brooklyn area.
The Outreach Representative will also serve as liaison to Community Boards,
Precincts Councils and Block Associations.
Valid driver’s license preferred. Fluency in Haitian Creole or Russian is
highly preferred. Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is
required.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of
all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age,
sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis
protected by law.
Please send resume and cover letter to NYDemocrat@mail.house.gov

MEM-336-19

Progressive U.S. Member of Congress has an immediate opening for a highlymotivated Constituent Services Representative to join their District Office.
This is a full-time position.
Must have extraordinary interpersonal skills, be customer service oriented, be
highly-motivated and organized, exhibit a professional demeanor and work
ethic. Excellent writing skills are required. Other qualifications include strong
analytical skills and experience with casework pertaining to issues such as
immigration, veterans’ affairs, social security, housing, and more.
Page 11 of 15

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: developing and executing
constituent services plans with Constituent Services Director, responding to
constituent casework, meeting with constituents, as well as working with local
and federal agencies to navigate relevant services provided. Valid driver’s
license preferred. Fluency in Haitian Creole or Russian is highly preferred.
Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is required.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of
all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age,
sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis
protected by law.
Please send resume and cover letter to NYDemocrat@mail.house.gov
MEM-334-19

The Office of Congressman Don Beyer seeks a scheduler for his Washington,
DC office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and
long-term schedule in DC and the district. This individual will work closely
with the Member, DC staff, and District staff.
The ideal candidate will have prior scheduling experience on the Hill, be well
organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and able to work effectively in a
fast-paced work environment. The salary for this position will be
commensurate with experience. This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
invitations and scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; and
managing operational and logistical support for all aspects of the office.
Applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and references to
Beyerstaff@gmail.com with “Scheduler” in the subject line. No phone calls,
faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-330-19

We are looking to expand the Member's visibility and outreach, resulting in a
need for highly diligent, confident candidates with substantial experience for
the role of Communications Director. Spanish speaking skills preferred.
The position comes with great responsibility, as our Communications
Director is part of the senior staff for the Congressman and responsible for
helping in development and promotion of the Member's agenda.
All aspects of communications are covered, including but not limited to,
televised press conferences, statements to the press, speeches, radio addresses
Page 12 of 15

and social media. Experience with graphic design is a plus. The selected
individual will also work closely with the entire office team to formulate
consistent messaging in district mail pieces, and our 499-program.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid vacation and
sick leave, parking or metro benefits, health insurance and retirement -- Plus
an awesome environment! Anyone interested may send their applications to
CongressionalOpenJob@gmail.com
MEM-323-19

Southern California Democrat seeks an experienced Communications
Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press operation. Applicants
must be creative, dynamic, proactive, energetic, and hungry!
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for
developing and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan,
including social media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media
outlets.
Moreover, the Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press
operations, including coordinating and managing the press team; responding
to media inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news
opportunities to media outlets; coordinating the Member’s social media
accounts; and editing/drafting speeches, talking points, floor statements, press
releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congressman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congressman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. To be considered for the position,
candidates must have previous press-related experience either on or off
Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized, proficient in multi-tasking, have
strong political acumen and instincts, and possess superior writing, editing,
and proofreading skills. Fluency in Spanish is a plus. Experience with video
editing and graphic design are a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
demeanor and good sense of humor.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Please e-mail a resume, a cover
letter including salary requirements, and two writing samples to
Page 13 of 15

CARuizJobs@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director Position” in
subject line. This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages all
qualified candidates to apply.
MEM-315-19

Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks candidates for the position
of Press Secretary. Candidates must be fluent in Spanish. Ideal candidates
should have minimum of two years of successful work on communications
for an elected leader or comparable experience, excellent writing abilities, and
experience handling press inquiries.
Applicants should be able to communicate effectively about a variety of
policy issues. Applicants should also have a proven history of writing creative
and original copy.
Candidates should be organized, creative, motivated and must have the ability
to write content that accurately conveys the priorities of the congresswoman
and the 29th district. Candidates must be able to work effectively in a fastpaced environment, including quickly researching and writing copy.
Candidates should have enough knowledge of video production/editing and
creating graphic content that they can assist or fill-in when needed.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: drafting talking points for
speaking engagements; writing press releases; developing relationships with
members of the media; tracking press and social media analytics; research. A
limited policy portfolio will eventually be incorporated into the position.
Ability to independently produce content in English and Spanish is required.
This is NOT an entry level position. The position reports to the Chief of Staff.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, two one-page writing
samples (one in English and one in Spanish) to:
TX29SG.Resumes@mail.house.gov .No phone calls or drop-ins please.
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and
minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-279-19

Senior Republican Member on Appropriations looking for Communications
Director. Ideal candidates should have 3-5 years of Hill experience, strong
writing skills, are detailed oriented, and familiar working with the media.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Interested applicants should send their cover letter, resume and writing
samples to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov

Page 14 of 15

MEM-252-19

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative assistant with a background in law to join our
Washington, DC-based policy team. The legislative assistant will draft
legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy
matters, among other duties. The person will be expected to handle a diverse
portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone.

Page 15 of 15

