House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 6, 2015
MEM-098-15

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a
health care professional with expert knowledge of drug interactions,
pathology, and general issues regarding quality of care to serve as a
Committee Investigator. Clinical experience and/or healthcare-related
investigatory background preferred. Veterans with requisite experience
strongly encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send their cover
letter, resume, references and writing samples to
VAR.Resumes@Mail.house.gov with “Health Care Investigator” in the subject
line. No walk-ins please.

MEM-097-15

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a
federal contracting professional with expert knowledge of federal statutes and
regulations pertaining to acquisitions and procurement to serve as a
Committee Investigator. At least 5 years of federal government acquisitions
and procurement experience preferred, as is experience with facility
construction contracts. Veterans with requisite experience are strongly
encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send their cover letter,
resume, references and writing samples to VAR.Resumes@Mail.house.gov
Page 1 of 4

with “Contract Investigator” in the subject line. No walk-ins please.
MEM-092-15

California Democrat (Rep. Jerry McNerney) seeks experienced
communications director to develop and execute aggressive, proactive longterm media and outreach strategy.
Responsibilities include serving as chief spokesperson, successfully pitching
stories and press events to both national and local media outlets, responding to
media inquiries, effectively messaging policy and other priorities, maintaining
an active new media profile, and writing press releases, op-eds, speeches,
talking points, and franked mail.
Excellent written and oral communication skills, strong editing and
proofreading abilities, and the desire to work collaboratively with a team in a
fast-paced environment are required.
Candidate must be comfortable working closely with the Member and staff.
Ideal candidate would be politically astute and have a good sense of humor.
Desired qualities include the ability to respond to challenging situations
quickly and strategically.
This position requires non-traditional hours and travel to the District.
California ties, Hill experience, and Spanish literacy are a plus. Qualified
applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing samples to:
McNerneyResumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop ins, please.

MEM-091-15

The Democratic staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
is seeking a mid-level Health Counsel with 5 to 10 years of congressional
experience on health policy issues including ACA, Medicare, and Medicaid.
Attorneys with investigative or litigation experience are preferred. Candidates
with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov. Please
no phone calls.

MEM-059-15

Southern Democrat and Member of the Small Business Committee, seeks
Legislative Assistant to handle a broad legislative portfolio including Small
Business, Financial Services, Judiciary, Healthcare, and Immigration.
Qualified candidates must have strong writing, analytical, and organizational
skills; a proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks
with competing priorities; and sound political judgment. The Legislative
Assistant will be expected to handle relevant committee work. This is not an
entry level position. Absolutely no phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins. Minorities
and women are encouraged to apply, North Carolina ties preferred but not
required. Please email cover letter and resume to:
Page 2 of 4

NCCongressionalJobs@gmail.com (subject line should read: Legislative
Assistant).
MEM-052-15

Senior Republican seeks to interview candidates for the position of Press
Secretary for a fast-paced office. The successful candidate will have excellent
written and verbal skills as well as the proven ability to manage multiple
communications projects. She/he will be responsible for developing, managing
and coordinating all communications activities, including writing press
releases, op-eds, mail pieces, talking points, organizing press events,
maintaining the official website including design, implementing social media
strategy including Facebook, Twitter, etc., maintaining press database, writing
e-newsletters & coordinating Tele-town halls. Duties will also include early
daily news clips, briefing the Member for radio interviews, writing and
implementing PSA's from the Member, interacting with the press as the
Member’s principal spokesperson and coordinating the Member’s overall press
relations. The ideal candidate will have Hill experience and familiarity with
New Jersey. Must be able to work extended hours and under time pressure.
Please email a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
pressopportunity2015@gmail.com.

MEM-049-15

Pennsylvania Republican seeks press secretary in Washington, D.C. office.
Duties include performing day-to-day operations of an active press office,
including new media, drafting press releases, e-newsletters, talking points, and
columns. Candidates must have Hill or campaign experience. PA ties
preferred. Send resume, writing sample, and cover letter to
PA.Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-048-15

North Carolina Democratic Congresswoman seeks an experienced
Communications Director. The ideal applicant will be an excellent writer and
editor with a proven ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks in a fastpaced environment, while meeting tight deadlines. Responsibilities include:
planning and implementing national and local media strategies, managing
social media platforms, writing press releases, talking points, op-eds and other
materials. Candidate must build and maintain excellent relationships with
members of the national and local media and editorial boards and have on-therecord experience. This is not an entry-level position; Hill experience is highly
desired. Please send resume and two writing samples to
NCCongressionalJobs@gmail.com. No phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins,
please. Minorities and women encouraged to apply, North Carolina ties
preferred.

MEM-044-15

Florida Democrat seeks Communications Director to serve in his D.C. office.
The Communications Director will coordinate all press activities, serve as the
primary spokesperson for the Representative, and manage national media. The
Communications Director will work with the Orlando-based Press Secretary to
execute messaging strategies and media activities in the district.
Page 3 of 4

Candidates should be proactive, and possess superior written and oral
communication skills (including strong writing, editing, and proofreading
capabilities). The ideal candidate will have prior political experience and at
least two years of professional communications work with national media
experience.
Primary Responsibilities:
• Establishing and maintaining relationships with national and D.C.-based
media
• Coordinating all media efforts and communications-related events
• Drafting and distributing press releases and media advisories; drafting,
editing, and placing op-eds
• Pitching stories to reporters, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the
point-of-contact for national press
• Monitoring media narratives and identifying opportunities to promote the
Member
• Overseeing franked communications strategy, including: the drafting, design,
and distribution of franked mail content; executing telephone town hall events;
and managing congressional e-newsletter
• Managing the congressional website and ensuring that it features timely
content
• Coordinating and staffing the Congressman for interviews and events
(including night and weekend commitments)
To apply:
Please send a current résumé, cover letter, salary requirement, two writing
samples (not to exceed one page each), and three references to
FL09job@gmail.com. No calls, emails or walk-ins, please.

Page 4 of 4

