House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 20, 2015
MEM-175-15

Rep. Keith Ellison (MN-05) is accepting applications for a Communications
Director position. Responsibilities include creating and implementing a local
and national communications strategy, acting as chief spokesperson for Rep.
Ellison and coordinating media strategy for the Congressional Progressive
Caucus. Strong skills and experience implementing an effective digital
communications program are required. Outstanding written and
oral communication skills, creativity, attention to detail, ability to work in a
fast paced office, and flexibility to work late hours on short notice
are necessary for the position. At least two years of on the record experience
required. Prior Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred. This is not an entry
level position. Minnesota ties a plus. Please send resume, cover letter, and
writing sample to mn05job@mail.house.gov. Please include
references. Application deadline is Wednesday, July 23rd, 2015.

MEM-172-15

Active Democrat House Members seeks experienced, media savvy
Communications Director to run aggressive press operation in fast-paced
office. Duties include: managing day-to-day press operations in D.C. and the
district, developing communication strategy, drafting press releases, op-eds,
Page 1 of 7

talking points and other content, overseeing and planning media events,
preparing member, developing relationships with local and national reporters,
and working in conjunction with outreach director and district staff. Ideal
candidate will have on-the-record experience and excellent writing skills.
Hill or other political experience/California ties a plus. Please send resume,
cover letter, and two writing samples to jo.th@mail.house.gov. Please, no
walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-165-15

Congressman Xavier Becerra is seeking to immediately fill a full-time job
opening for a Field Deputy position in his district office. The Field Deputy
serves as the congressman’s liaison with the community, local organizations
and government agencies; staff and/or represent the congressman at events;
advise the congressman about local issues; help organize community based
meetings and events; implement proactive constituent outreach program;
prepare Member for speeches and meetings; draft correspondence. This
position requires work hours beyond the normal 8-hour work day and will
include work on weekends and holidays.
Qualifications:
Strong written, communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability
to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer
service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
Minimum two (2) years of experience working directly with the community at
large. Knowledge of the Asian Pacific Islander communities a plus.
Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with Microsoft
Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
Bachelor’s degree required.
Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government agencies and
structure (local, county, state and federal).
Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be
able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects simultaneously and
work under pressure. Attention to detail and accuracy is essential.
Candidate should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to excellence,
upbeat demeanor and flexibility.
Candidate should expect weekend, some holidays, and after-hours
assignments.
Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.
Page 2 of 7

Bilingual skills a plus.
To apply: All interested individuals should email a cover letter, resume and
salary history to Resume.California@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
MEM-161-15

House Democrat seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse policy
portfolio including defense, veterans, foreign affairs, healthcare, and other
issues. Candidates should possess in-depth knowledge of the legislative
process, have excellent writing skills, work well under pressure, have a sense
of humor, and thrive in a team-oriented environment. Responsibilities include
developing proactive legislative initiatives, tracking legislation, drafting
correspondence and statements, and representing the Member in
meetings. This is not an entry-level legislative position. New England ties
are a plus. To apply, please email your resume, cover letter, and two brief
writing samples to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-155-15

California Republican seeks Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse
portfolio of issues.
Duties will include tracking legislation and other developments to brief the
Member on floor votes and pending legislative matters, developing and
implementing policy initiatives in line with office goals, meeting with
constituents and other interest groups, and coordinating with DC and district
staff regarding legislation, messaging, and events. Qualified candidates must
be proactive and hard working with exceptional writing and communication
skills and the ability to work effectively in a fast paced environment.
Legislative experience required. Knowledge of the Appropriations process
and California ties are a plus. Please email resume and cover letter to
carepublicanjobs@gmail.com.

MEM-153-15

Established Member of Congress from the southeastern US seeks an
experienced staffer for a Legislative Director position. Only
current/previous Legislative Directors or Senior Legislative Assistants with
experience will be considered. LD will be responsible for driving member
legislative initiatives, briefing the member on all policy matters, meeting with
relevant public interest groups and constituents, providing real time vote
recommendations, and assisting the Chief of Staff on policy matters.
Position requires a comprehensive knowledge of House procedures as well as
a working knowledge of all current issues debated in the House. Teamoriented skill, outgoing personality, and attention to detail are requirements
and staff members with ties to the southeast will be given special
consideration.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and salary requirements to
USHouseStaffJob@gmail.com.
Page 3 of 7

MEM-151-15

House Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse portfolio of
policy issues with a primary focus on legislation before the Transportation
and Infrastructure Committee. Responsibilities include developing and
advancing legislative initiatives, preparing briefing materials, drafting
constituent correspondence and floor statements, coordinating with the
communications team and district staff on messaging and events, as well as
building and maintaining stakeholder relationships. Candidate must be a
strong and effective writer with excellent verbal communication skills. Good
judgment and the ability to be proactive, resourceful and thrive in a fast-paced
environment are essential. Previous congressional experience is
required. This is not an entry level position. Candidates should have a
demonstrable background in transportation policy. Email resume and cover
letter to hire@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-148-15

The Office of Representative Justin Amash is seeking a bright, creative, and
hard-working legislative assistant to join our Washington, D.C.-based policy
team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The legislative
assistant will be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues, which
can be tailored somewhat to the staffer’s expertise and interests.
The successful candidate will demonstrate a strong commitment to individual
liberty, economic freedom, and the defense of the Constitution. He or she also
must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most
serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. Candidates who
prefer staid and steady work or who avoid challenges (and the occasional
failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Candidates must have a B.A. or equivalent, and we prefer candidates who
have a background in economics and some policy experience, although Hill
experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé and cover letter to mi03.apply@gmail.com.

MEM-147-15

A North Carolina Democrat seeks a scheduler to serve in her Washington,
D.C. office. Responsibilities include but are not limited to managing the
Member’s D.C. calendar, District calendar, coordinating logistics and travel
arrangements, and overseeing administrative work for the Member. Must be
highly organized, detail oriented, self-motivated, have the ability to adapt to
changing circumstances, creatively solve problems and be comfortable multitasking in a fast-paced environment while displaying a friendly, professional
attitude. North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. Women and
minorities are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume and cover letter to
nchousejobs@gmail.com. No calls or drop-ins please.

Page 4 of 7

MEM-146-15

The District Office Field Representative/Caseworker monitors and updates
the Congressman and District Director on district and local issues. This
position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for the
Congressman and constituents and answers casework correspondence and
verbal communications with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a
liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
Informs the Congressman and the District Director of all happenings in his or
her assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting
with constituents;
Handles casework assignments;
Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or
groups to form effective relationships for the Congressman;
Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Scheduler;
Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Congressman with constituents;
Works well under pressure and handles stress;
Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
Full-time experience preferred; strong academic credentials required;
extensive community relationships desired.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
Strong oral and written communication skills;
Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman
is involved;
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
Knowledge of office policies, practices, procedures, and computer
applications.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
Work is mainly performed in an office environment, but the Field
Representative will often need to attend and participate in meetings and
public functions out of the office including evenings and weekend events.
Page 5 of 7

Noise levels are usually moderate; and
Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
E-mail a resume and cover letter to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “CA02 Field Representative/Caseworker.”
MEM-143-15

Senior California Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior
Legislative Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the
Financial Services Committee. Candidates should have substantial
experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional
experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral
communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced
environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply, please e-mail
a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
HouseFinancialServicesLA@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-141-15

Republican Member seeks a Legislative Assistant with strong Tennessee ties.
Legislative duties will include briefing the Member on floor votes and other
pending legislation. Preference will be given to those with expertise on issues
involving healthcare, education and veterans’ affairs. Successful candidates
must demonstrate exceptional writing ability, attention to detail, and
organizational skills. Hill experience and familiarity with IQ are a plus.
Send resume and cover letter to TNHousejob@gmail.com.

MEM-140-15

The Office of Congressman Juan Vargas is seeking a high energy, highlyorganized, and detail oriented Field Representative/Caseworker for his
District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Serve as an official representative for the Member throughout communities
in the District.
• Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships
for the Member.
• Monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
issues of importance.
• Staff and provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and
events for the Member.
• Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director and Chief
of Staff.
• Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
• Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Page 6 of 7

• A candidate with a background in and/or understanding of military/veteran
issues.
• Veterans, reservists, women, and minorities are strongly encouraged to
apply.
• Ability to work non-traditional hours, including nights and weekends, if
needed.
• Excellent written (English and Spanish) and interpersonal communication
skills.
• Ability to work with staff at all levels, work well under pressure and be
detail oriented.
• Possess an understanding of the federal legislative process.
• Ability to quickly learn about key issues and events in the district for which
the Member is involved.
• A qualified applicant must be a U.S. Citizen, possess a valid California
driver’s license with the ability to travel as needed.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to CAJobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-111-15

Senior Democratic Congresswoman seeks an experienced, organized and
detail-oriented Scheduler/Office Manager for the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing office calendars and visitor access to
Member and staff in front office, organizing and tracking invitations, speaking
engagements, travel reservations and other requests for the Member,
coordinating with district staff, and maintaining administrative demands. The
Scheduler/Office Manager will work closely with other staff members,
particularly senior staffers, to ensure efficient and seamless office operations.
Ideal candidates are flexible, responsive, collaborative, work well under
pressure and on short deadlines, and are able to balance competing demands.
Candidates must be available to assist the Member outside of regular business
hours. Applicants should also have a positive attitude, excellent organizational
skills, strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills,
political instincts and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. This is
not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill operational and/or
scheduling experience is required. Ohio ties preferred. No phone calls, emails
or drop-bys. Please submit cover letter, resume, and at least two references to
Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov.

Page 7 of 7

