________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 6, 2023

MEM-574-23

The Office of Congressman Jamie Raskin (MD-08) seeks a Staff
Assistant/Driver to work in the D.C. office in a full-time capacity.
This position will be responsible for driving and assisting the Member, answering
phone calls and greeting visitors, managing and organizing the reception area and
Member’s office, helping to manage and train interns, onboarding new staff,
processing tour and flag requests, maintaining office inventories, sorting
incoming constituent mail, and providing varied administrative support to the
team. The experiences gained in this role provide a unique entry-level
opportunity to work directly with a Member and a solid foundation to advance
into positions of increasing responsibility.
The successful candidate must be a motivated self-starter and team player who
demonstrates scrupulous attention to detail, excellent verbal and written
communication skills, keen organizational skills, effective time management, and
a professional and discreet demeanor. Reliable access to a vehicle is required.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and/or other underrepresented communities
are strongly encouraged to apply. The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity and
expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation, or any other

Page 1 of 21

characteristic protected by applicable law, in any of its activities or operations.
Ties to Maryland’s 8th District and Spanish fluency are a plus.
To apply, please send an email to MD08.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Staff
Assistant: Last Name” in the subject line and the following application materials
attached as one combined PDF:
•Cover letter (not to exceed one page) – please customize your letter to this
position
•Résumé
•Two writing samples (not to exceed one page each)
•Three references (not to exceed one page) – for each reference, please include
name, current title/office, phone number, email, and a one-sentence description of
your relationship to the reference
The deadline to apply is 5:00 p.m. on November 14, 2023
MEM-573-23

Representative Ami Bera, M.D. (CA-06) is seeking a dynamic and creative
Press/Digital Assistant to join his office. The Press/Digital Assistant will play a
key role in supporting the Communications Director in developing and
implementing the office’s communications strategy and digital outreach efforts.
This position requires a candidate who can leverage graphics, videos, and
impactful writing to enhance our online presence and engage with the
constituents in CA-06.
Ideal candidates will have Sacramento or California ties, a strong proficiency in
writing, digital skills, and photography, along with the ability to think
innovatively in order to effectively convey key messages to new audiences. A
minimum of 1-2 years of prior experience in digital outreach and graphic design
(using tools like Canva, Photoshop, etc.) is essential.
Key responsibilities will include creating graphics and social media content,
producing videos, managing press lists, compiling press clips, drafting
newsletters for constituent outreach, drafting press materials, providing support
for Franked communications plan, and performing additional tasks as assigned.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, one writing sample, and two examples of
your graphic design or video/photography work in a single PDF document
to jobs.ca06@gmail.com with “Press/Digital Assistant – Last Name, First Name”
in the subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls.

Page 2 of 21

MEM-570-23

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $49,382 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-565-23

Title: Professional Staff Member, Subcommittees on Oversight and
Investigations and Technology Modernization – House Committee on Veterans’
Affairs (Democratic Staff)
Summary: The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
seeks a Professional Staff Member (PSM) to serve as joint staff for the Oversight
& Investigations and Technology Modernization Subcommittees. The PSM will
manage a portfolio that includes issues related to the ongoing oversight of the
operations of the Department of Veterans Affairs, as well as efforts to modernize
information technology within the Department. This is not an entry-level
position. The PSM will report directly to the Subcommittee Staff Directors. Some
travel will be required.
The deadline to apply is 5 pm ET on Friday, November 17, 2023, however
applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Key Responsibilities:
•Conducting oversight and investigations, including assisting with subcommittee
hearings;
•Supporting and advising Committee members, as well as providing assistance to
other House Member offices on issues within the portfolio;
•Tracking legislative and policy developments;
Page 3 of 21

•Developing and drafting legislation, including by collecting cost-estimates,
technical assistance, feedback, and support from agency officials and other
stakeholders;
•Drafting written product, to include memoranda, correspondence, reports, and
public statements;
•Participating in briefings with agency officials and conducting site visits; and,
•Engaging with Veteran Service Organizations (VSOs), stakeholders, and
whistleblowers.
Preferred Qualifications:
Qualified candidates will have strong research, critical thinking, writing, and
communications skills with a demonstrated ability to work on a team, generate
ideas, develop legislative and oversight strategies, execute events, and work on
competing projects and priorities. Congressional experience is a plus, and public
policy experience is strongly preferred.
Exceptional candidates will have strong knowledge of and experience with any of
the following:
•Department of Veterans Affairs policies and operations;
•Veterans policy or advocacy;
•Public policy development and execution;
•Congressional oversight of federal programs;
•Legislative process, including planning and executing committee hearings;
•Investigations of fraud, waste, and abuse; or,
•Federal program management of any of the following:
*Cybersecurity, information technology, or data management;
*IT project management;
*Human capital management and federal personnel policy;
*Acquisition and contract management;
*Federal program performance management;
*Financial management, federal budget development, or cost estimation; or,
*Whistleblower policy.
Candidates will be evaluated on experience, skills, character, and fitness, and how
well they meet the qualifications and requirements. In an effort to build a diverse
and more inclusive work environment, the Committee strongly encourages
veterans, minority, women, people with disabilities, and LGBTQ+ candidates to
apply. Salary range is $75-85k, commensurate with experience.
Application: All candidates are required to complete an online application
at https://democrats-veterans.house.gov/opportunities to be considered.
Candidates must submit a resume, cover letter, and professional writing sample.
MEM-564-23

TITLE: Professional Staff Member, Subcommittee on Health, House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs (Democratic Staff)

Page 4 of 21

SUMMARY: The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
seeks a Professional Staff Member (PSM) to support the Subcommittee on
Health. This is not an entry-level position. The PSM will manage a portfolio of
issues related to oversight and operations of the Department of Veterans Affairs’
(VA) Veterans Health Administration. The PSM will report directly to the Health
Subcommittee Staff Director. Some travel will be required.
The deadline to apply is 5 pm ET on Friday, November 17, 2023, however
applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Key Responsibilities:
Among other things, the PSM will be responsible for:
•Assisting with preparation for Subcommittee hearings, including by conducting
background research, developing witness questions, and drafting opening and
closing statements;
•Supporting and advising Democratic Committee members and other House
members and their staff on veterans’ healthcare issues;
•Developing and drafting legislation, including by collecting cost-estimates,
technical assistance, feedback, and support from agency officials and other
stakeholders;
•Drafting written product, to include memoranda, correspondence, reports, and
public statements;
•Participating in briefings with agency officials and conducting site visits; and
•Engaging with Veterans Service Organizations (VSO), healthcare professional
associations, VA employee union leaders, and other stakeholders.
Preferred Qualifications:
Qualified candidates will have strong research, critical thinking, writing, and
communications skills with a demonstrated ability to work on a team, generate
ideas, develop legislative and oversight strategies, execute events, and handle
competing projects and priorities. Congressional experience is a plus, and public
policy experience is strongly preferred.
Exceptional candidates will have strong knowledge of and experience with any of
the following (though not necessarily all):
•VA healthcare programs, policies, and operations;
•Veterans policy or advocacy;
•Public policy development and execution;
•Congressional oversight of federal healthcare programs;
•Legislative process, including planning and executing committee hearings;
•Knowledge and expertise in of any of the following:
*Mental health and suicide prevention;
*Medical research, clinical trials, and health services research;
*Academic affiliations and health professions education and training;
*Prosthetics and medical devices; or
*Prescription drug formulary development.
Page 5 of 21

Candidates will be evaluated based on experience, skills, character and fitness,
and how well they meet the qualifications and requirements above. In an effort to
build a diverse and more inclusive work environment, the Committee strongly
encourages veterans, minorities, women, people with disabilities, and LGBTQ+
candidates to apply. Salary range begins at $80k, commensurate with experience.
All candidates are required to complete an online application
on https://democrats-veterans.house.gov/opportunities for consideration.
Candidates must submit a resume, cover letter, and professional writing sample.
MEM-556-23

Legislative Director
Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Legislative Director to
join her office in Washington, D.C. In close collaboration with the Member,
Chief of Staff, and her communications and district teams, the Legislative
Director will oversee the Member’s policy agenda, particularly through her work
on the House Appropriations and Natural Resources Committees and manage her
legislative team. This position reports to the Chief of Staff and works closely with
the COS in formulating the Member’s legislative strategy while uplifting the
legislative team in their work.
Candidate should have a strong track record of managing, training, and
supervising a team in a fast-paced environment, translating authorizing and
appropriations priorities into successful outcomes, and developing strong
relationships with on- and off-Hill stakeholders. Sound policy judgement and
firm grasp of committee, floor, and other House procedures are musts.
Candidate should have strong verbal and written communication skills fit to keep
the Member and full team consistently briefed. Candidate must be driven,
creative, good-humored, skilled at receiving and delivering feedback, and
committed to furthering a team-first, collaborative work environment. Candidate
will also oversee the office’s constituent correspondence program. Nevada ties
are a plus, as is experience with immigration, defense, foreign affairs, education,
and judiciary issues.
Applications will be reviewed as they are received, and interviews could begin
very soon, with an eye to quickly filling this position. Interested candidates are
encouraged to apply as soon as they can.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF a resume, cover letter, writing sample of 1,000
words or fewer, and three references (including name, current title and
organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)

Page 6 of 21

to nv03resumes@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Director.”
MEM-552-23

The Congressional Equality Caucus, a caucus of 195 U.S. Representatives
focused on advancing LGBTQI+ equality, is looking for a Press
Secretary/Digital Director to work full-time in Washington, DC.
The Press Secretary reports directly to the Executive Director of the
Congressional Equality Caucus and also works closely with the communications
team in the Chair’s personal office.
Job responsibilities include:
•Drafting social media guidance documents for Equality Caucus members,
including talking points and sample social media posts for themed days and
anniversaries (e.g., Pride Month, Transgender Day of Remembrance) and highprofile legislative activity;
•Managing the Caucus’ website and social media channels, including updating
the website, drafting Facebook posts, tweets, and Instagram posts, and creating
graphics;
•Drafting press releases and communicating with the press;
•Building and maintaining relationships with Equality Caucus Members’
communications staff;
•Working with the Equality Caucus fellow on drafting the weekly newsletter and
daily clips;
•Assisting the Executive Director, as needed, with logistical and administrative
support, such as coordinating event and briefing logistics; and
•Other duties as assigned.
Ideal qualifications: Ideal candidates will be excellent writers, detail-oriented,
organized, self-starters, team players, and able to produce high quality work in a
fast-paced environment under tight deadlines. Experience on Capitol Hill is not
required but candidates must have a familiarity with the House of Representatives
and a basic understanding of the legislative process. In addition, experience
working on LGBTQI+ issues is a plus but not required. This is not an entry-level
position. Candidates should have 2-3 years of relevant experience.
Salary and Benefits: Salary is commensurate with experience; the salary range for
this position is $60,000-$75,000.
Additional benefits include health, dental, and vision insurance; retirement
benefits; transit benefits; access to the student loan repayment program for House
employees; ability to work remotely during certain non-session days; and 20 days
of annual leave, among other benefits.
Equal Opportunity Employer: The Equality Caucus benefits from a staff that
reflects the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority
Page 7 of 21

backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The caucus does not discriminate
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, and sex characteristics,
including intersex traits), disability, age, or national origin.
About the Congressional Equality Caucus (CEC): Founded in 2008, the mission
of the Congressional Equality Caucus is to promote equality for all, regardless of
sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or sex characteristics, including
intersex traits. The Caucus is strongly committed to achieving the full enjoyment
of human rights for LGBTQI+ people in the U.S. and around the world. You can
learn more at https://lgbtq.house.gov/.
To apply: All interested candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates
should send a one-page resume, a one-page cover letter (covering, at minimum,
why you want to work for the CEC and how your past experiences have provided
you the skills to succeed in this role), and a short writing sample as a single PDF
to equality.caucushire@mail.house.gov. Please put “Press Secretary/Digital
Director – [Your First and Last Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-551-23

Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Legislative Director
to join her office in Washington, D.C.
In close collaboration with the Member, Chief of Staff, and her communications
and district teams, the Legislative Director will oversee the Member’s policy
agenda, particularly through her work on the House Appropriations and Natural
Resources Committees, and manage her legislative team. This position reports to
the Chief of Staff and works closely with the COS in formulating the Member’s
legislative strategy while uplifting the legislative team in their work.
Candidate should have a strong track record of managing, training, and
supervising a team in a fast-paced environment, translating authorizing and
appropriations priorities into successful outcomes, and developing strong
relationships with on- and off-Hill stakeholders. Sound policy judgement and
firm grasp of committee, floor, and other House procedures are musts.
Candidate should have strong verbal and written communication skills fit to keep
the Member and full team consistently briefed. Candidate must be driven,
creative, good-humored, skilled at receiving and delivering feedback, and
committed to furthering a team-first, collaborative work environment. Candidate
will also oversee the office’s constituent correspondence program. Nevada ties
are a plus, as is experience with immigration, defense, foreign affairs, education,
and judiciary issues.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
Page 8 of 21

parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF a resume, cover letter, writing sample of 1,000
words or fewer, and three references (including name, current title and
organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to nv03resumes@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Director.”
MEM-546-23

Member Services Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Member Services Director who
is exceptionally motivated, dynamic, strategic, and detail-oriented to engage with
CBC Member offices and outside partners to advance a robust member services
portfolio.
The Member Services Director will be expected to proactively build strong
relationships across CBC Member offices and develop strategic opportunities for
Member engagement advancing shared priorities. The individual will also be
expected to coordinate with CBC staff to field and respond to inquiries and
requests for support from Member offices and respond to and share external
opportunities for Member engagement as they arise.
The Member Services Director is also responsible for assisting in overseeing all
aspects of caucus operations, logistics, designated administrative responsibilities
and to support caucus leadership.
The Member Services Director responsibilities will include:
•Conducting regular outreach to Member offices to build relationships with staff,
share opportunities for Member or staff participation in events, messaging, and
other efforts, and identify new ideas for collaboration with Member offices
•Sharing resources with Member offices and working with CBC, congressional,
and external staff to develop high-quality materials for Member office use
•Drafting regular newsletters for Member offices with relevant updates and
opportunities, as well as for external audiences to uplift Member engagement on
CBC issues
•Developing a network of external partners working on issues relevant to the
CBC and Member offices
•Maintaining staff contact information and distribution lists
•Provides orientation and training for new staff;
•Assists departing employees with necessary administrative procedures (i.e.,
returning keys, House I.D. cards, and other office property; obtaining forwarding
addresses, work files, and records);
•Supervises the mail operations and the administrative files and personnel
records;
•Assists staff in scheduling House or Capitol rooms for outside group functions;
Page 9 of 21

•Organize and facilitate meetings and other strategic convenings to support
institutional
•change, policies, and programmatic work;
•Oversees operations for CBC including organizing weekly meetings and events
•Provides logistical support for all programming
•Works with the CBC personal office staffs and coordinates with the CBC
Schedulers to implement the Caucus’ priorities
•Builds and maintains databases of internal and external stakeholders
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player.
Candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of House and Senate
legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov.
No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-544-23

The House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure is seeking a
Committee Clerk.
This is a non-partisan position, which requires discretion and confidentiality in
handling committee matters, strong organizational skills, and attention to detail.
The ideal candidate will have a minimum of four years of previous Congressional
experience, ideally as a Committee Clerk, knowledge of Congressional
administrative rules and procedures, the ability to manage multiple tasks and
projects, work well under pressure, have strong oral and written communication
skills, and the ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment.
Core Responsibilities Include:
•Maintaining Committee official records in compliance with House and
Committee Rules including the maintenance of the House Repository and
Committee archive records.
•Responsible for the distribution of Hearing and Markup notices and materials
pursuant to House and Committee Rules.
•Managing hearing materials including testimonies, biographies, truth in
testimony forms, materials and questions submitted for the record as well as
responses in preparation for publishing the contents of hearings as an official
House documents.
•Oversight of the Government Publishing Office (GPO) operations as they relate
to the Committee.
•Providing monthly data regarding Committee action to the Committee on House
Page 10 of 21

Administration.
•Organizing and documenting Committee markups in coordination with the
Committee Counsels.
•Acting as Reading Clerk and Tally Clerk, including the live posting of
amendments and their disposition to the House Repository during Committee
markups.
•Maintaining legislative files, including referral of legislation to Subcommittees.
•Assisting in the preparation and filing of Committee legislative reports and
Committee Activity Report.
This is not an entry level position, and salary is commensurate with experience.
The Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates
of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter
to: TIResumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line Committee Clerk.
MEM-543-23

TITLE: Caseworker
REPORTS TO: District Director
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Maintain extensive casework through written correspondence and verbal
communication with constituents.
•Serve as liaison to federal, district, and local agencies on behalf of the
Congressman and his constituents.
•Demonstrate professionalism and practice discretion.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
•Thorough knowledge of the federal legislative process.
•Ability to maintain working knowledge of major issues and events in the district.
•Microsoft Suite proficiency (Word, Excel, Outlook, ect).
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
•Ability to organize and prioritize tasks and activities.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
•Availability to work long hours as needed, under immense pressure while
maintaining a professional and courtesy demeanor.
•Enjoy working cooperatively with a dynamic, fast-paced team environment.
DUTIES:
•Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework.
•Acts as a representative for the Member within his area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, verbal communications with
constituents, and acting as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies.
Page 11 of 21

•Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director.
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices.
•Prepares weekly reports for leadership on pending cases and district activities in
his or her assigned issue areas.
•Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Resumes should be submitted to: Lisa.gilmore@mail.house.gov (District
Director)
•Salary range: 45k to 50k a year
•Schedule: M-F 8a to 5pm
•Location: Houston, TX
Please list your interview availability dates when sending resumes and cover
letters to Lisa Gilmore.
MEM-538-23

Position Description: Congresswoman Porter seeks a legislative assistant to
handle civil rights, defense, federal courts, immigration, international affairs,
trade, veterans’ affairs, and related issues assigned by the office and to support
her work as a member of the Oversight & Accountability Subcommittee on
National Security, the Border, and Foreign Affairs.
The ideal candidate will have two to four years of Hill and comparable advocacy
experience, familiarity with congressional process and procedure, and a
demonstrated ability to design and execute legislative projects. The candidate will
have the creativity, drive, and confidence to propose original and compelling
legislative work, including drafting legislation, hearing questions, and oversight
letters that resonate with our ideologically diverse constituents. This is not an
entry level position. The salary for this position is $70,000.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
●Manage the Congresswoman’s work on civil rights, defense, federal courts,
immigration, international affairs, trade, veterans’ affairs, and related policy
issues as assigned by the office.
●Monitor House floor and committee activity to recommend votes and legislative
action.
●Identify and pursue legislative opportunities for the Congresswoman, including
sponsoring or cosponsoring bills and drafting and cosigning letters.
●Draft and edit constituent correspondence, oversight letters, op-eds, talking
points, legislation, and other written material related to the issue area portfolio.
●Provide regular verbal and written reports to the Deputy Chief of Staff &
Legislative Director and Chief of Staff on legislative work and priorities.
●Communicate with the Chief of Staff and District Director to help them amplify
legislative work locally.
Page 12 of 21

●Support the District Office in writing speeches and memos for events the
Congresswoman attends that fall under the issue area portfolio.
●Other duties as assigned the Deputy Chief of Staff & Legislative Director and
Chief of Staff.
Applications: To apply, send a resume and a short writing sample
to CA47.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject
line. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, ethnicity,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, family status, military status, disability,
gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.
MEM-530-23

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active and visible
legislative office staff.
The candidate must have strong interpersonal skills, be comfortable with
managing multiple tasks and able to work well under pressure.
The staff assistant is responsible for front office duties, including answering and
screening telephone calls, mail distribution, room reservations, and responding to
constituent requests for flags, tours, and other information. The staff assistant also
serves as intern coordinator by recruiting training, scheduling and assigning
duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication skills and a
working knowledge of the District of Columbia. Candidate must be a resident of
the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to D.C., if hired.
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov

MEM-529-23

Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant - Senior Democrat is seeking a
highly energetic, motivated, and organized individual with strong writing, social
media/media, and interpersonal skills who can manage multiple tasks and work
well under pressure.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent mail, including any research
necessary to write an adequate response to the mail; monitoring House floor
procedures; meeting with constituents and interested individuals/organizations;
preparing congressional record entries; drafting social media and outreach
content; producing high-quality graphics and videos; livestreaming outreach
events; and assisting the communications director with updating the website and
social media pages.

Page 13 of 21

The ideal candidate will be a results-oriented problem solver and a motivated
self-starter who can think outside the box. Candidate must have a bachelor's
degree, excellent writing and communication skills. Candidate must be a resident
of, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
MEM-512-23

The Office of Congresswoman Lois Frankel (FL-22) seeks a Digital/Press
Staffer to support the Congresswoman’s communications efforts.
Title, specific responsibilities, and exact pay for this position are flexible and
commensurate with experience. The Digital/Press Staffer will report directly to
the Communications Director and oversee digital communications and outreach.
This is a full-time in-person position based in Washington, D.C. The ideal
candidate is a team player who can juggle multiple projects, deliver professional
work under tight deadlines, develop and implement new ideas, and stay
organized.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Managing the Congresswoman’s Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram pages and
producing videos, photos, and other creative content.
•Developing and carrying out a digital media strategy.
•Creating graphics that effectively communicate an idea or policy clearly.
•Drafting Facebook ads, unsolicited texts/newsletters, and working with the
Communications Director to formulate a comprehensive Franked
communications plan.
•Analyzing digital media performance.
•Assisting the Communications Director with photography at DC events,
hearings, mark-ups, etc.
•Managing and distributing daily clips and media mentions.
•Developing and updating media lists.
•Drafting written materials like press releases, media advisories, and ICYMI’s.
•Assisting with the day-to-day operation of the communications shop.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
•Previous Hill experience is preferred and Florida ties are a plus. Proficiency in
Adobe Creative Suite, Canva or an industry-recognized design program is
required. Experience with Franked media strongly preferred. Some photography
experience is a plus.
SALARY AND BENEFITS:
Salary range is $55,000 - $65,000 depending on experience, and includes health
insurance, student loan repayment, and other competitive benefits. Please
visit tinyurl.com/fl22-comms-opening to apply. Applications will be reviewed on
a rolling basis.
Page 14 of 21

Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
MEM-510-23

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking an experienced Staff
Assistant for his Honolulu district office.
Duties include but are not limited to greeting visitors and answering constituent
calls and requests for general information, tours and other inquiries. This position
also is responsible for a wide variety of administrative duties and acts as a liaison
to the federal, district and local government agencies on behalf of the
Congressman on requests by constituents for assistance with individual issues.
Direct report to the Deputy Chief of Staff in the Honolulu office, although the
position also interacts directly with the Congressman and his Washington, D.C.
office.
Very strong preference given to (1) prior experience, especially in comparable
duties and (2) Hawai‘i background/community involvement and applicants are
asked to detail these attributes. The position also requires initiative, strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and effectively
under pressure, make decisions and solve problems, orientation to detail,
excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and long and unpredictable
hours.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-508-23

Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) seeks an exceptional, experienced
Press Secretary/Digital Director (PS/DD) to join a dynamic, fast paced team,
working out of the Washington, DC office.
Working with the Communications Director, located in the District, the PS/DD
will develop, coordinate, and implement digital and traditional media and
communication strategies that highlight the Member’s work and advance her
robust online/digital presence. Other primary responsibilities include but are not
limited to developing, editing, and producing graphics, videography, and other
creative tools to enhance messaging; fielding press requests from local and
national media; producing the Member’s newsletters; drafting releases and
advisories, speeches , and talking points.
The successful candidate will have a creative and strategic approach to visual and
graphic design, excellent oral and written communications skills, an ability to
Page 15 of 21

handle multiple assignments on tight deadlines, a desire to hone the Member’s
voice, a strong collaborative approach to cross functional teaming, and a good
sense of humor. They will also have a working knowledge of the legislative
process, procedures, and organization of the House, with a proven ability to build
strong, collaborative relationships while working in a crisis-oriented environment
and handling stress appropriately. Ohio ties are a plus, but not required, but
proven effective digital and videography experience is required.
This is not an entry level position. The ideal candidate will have at least three
years of Hill and/or other communications experience in a policy or constituent
services environment with an emphasis on professional digital media,
videography, and general communications proficiency beyond the intern level.
The salary is flexible and dependent upon proven experience and expertise.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing and one creative
samples to Ohio11Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press
Secretary – Last Name, First Initial.” No drop-ins, direct emails to staff or phone
calls, please. The position is open until filled, but applications will be screened as
they are received.
MEM-468-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks one attorney with 5-10 years of experience to serve as Investigative
Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.
The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE

Page 16 of 21

•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
•Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
Page 17 of 21

United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
Page 18 of 21

•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.
MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy
Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
Page 19 of 21

• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.
Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and
possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-305-23

DPCC COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – The House Democratic Policy
and Communications Committee seeks an experienced Communications Director.
The Communications Director will work with the Executive Director to design
and execute strategies that advance the message priorities and values of House
Democrats; create messaging guidance, event suggestions, sample releases, and
other communications tools; help Democratic offices pitch stories, hold strong
local press events, and position Members in the media; and assist in bolstering
paid communications programs in Democratic offices.
The Communications Director is also expected to assist with the planning and
execution of regular DPCC message meetings and policy dinners; support DPCC
outreach initiatives; and assist with daily tasks and long-term planning. Spanish
language fluency and experience with constituency media is strongly preferred.
This is not an entry-level position; a strong background in communications on
Capitol Hill is required. DPCC is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex,
gender, LGBTQ+ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people
of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. DPCC
will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
To apply, please email jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF: 1. Cover letter; 2. Résumé;
3. Two writing samples, with one coming from work on Capitol Hill; and 4. Two
Page 20 of 21

references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email,
and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not
contact these references without contacting you first).
MEM-300-23

Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-O4) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working,
skilled and experienced Legislative Director to help shape and manage a robust
legislative portfolio.
Congressman Horsford is a member of the Armed Services and Financial
Services Committees, Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, and an active
frontline member. Previous legislative experience on Capitol Hill is required, and
Nevada ties are a plus.
Ideal candidates will have experience managing and mentoring staff, thinking
strategically and will possess a sophisticated understanding of the legislative
process, along with excellent writing, organizational and time management skills.
The ideal candidate will primarily be responsible for managing a legislative
portfolio that consists of healthcare, taxes, gun violence prevention, and other
issues.
Candidates should be creative, proactive and self-motivated, and have an ability
to operate effectively under pressure and work closely in a team atmosphere in
this fast-moving, dynamic office.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or parental
status. Women, people of color and LGBTQAI+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply, as are candidates with Nevada ties.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience, along with generous
benefits and professional development opportunities.
Interested candidates must include a cover letter, resume, two page max writing
sample and three professional references in a single PDF file.
Email submissions to the Director of Administration, Selena Harvey
at nv04resumes@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-LD-23_last name". No calls please. Individuals selected for an
interview will be contacted.

Page 21 of 21

