________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 18, 2023

MEM-632-23

The Office of U.S. Representative Steven Horsford is currently seeking a highly
motivated and organized individual to join our team as a Staff Assistant. Our
office is dedicated to serving the constituents of Nevada and ensuring their voices
are heard in the U.S. House of Representatives. This is an excellent opportunity
for individuals passionate about public service and eager to contribute to the
legislative process.
Responsibilities:
Constituent Services:
•Receive, catalog, and respond to constituent letters, emails, and other forms of
communication.
•Assist constituents with various issues, inquiries, and requests.
•Manage and respond to constituent correspondence, emails, and phone calls.
Office Administration:
•Greets constituents, visitors, and other VIPs to provide a welcoming
environment and positive first impression of the office
•Handles incoming calls and captures constituent requests to ensure consideration
by Member office
•Manage the process of constituent mail
•Provide administrative support, including managing the legislative office's
calendar and appointments.
•Maintain organized records of constituent communications and related materials.
•Assist in scheduling meetings and events for the legislative team.
Page 1 of 17

•Signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to ensure timely and
appropriate handling
•Maintains literature regarding the district and House offices to distribute to
visitors
Legislative Support:
•Conduct research on legislative issues and policy matters.
•Draft correspondence, memos, and other written materials.
•Assist legislative staff with bill tracking and analysis.
Conduct Tours:
•Facilitate tours of the U.S. Capitol for constituents and visitors.
Qualifications:
•Bachelor's degree in a relevant field or equivalent work experience.
•Strong written and verbal communication skills.
•Excellent organizational and multitasking abilities.
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite and other relevant software.
•Ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment.
•Previous experience in a legislative office or related field is a plus.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples (no
longer than one page) and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov. Please use “Staff Assistant Resume - [Your
Last Name, First name]” in the subject line. The deadline for resumes until filled.
All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
U.S. Representative Steven Horsford is an equal opportunity employer. All
qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,
disability, or veteran status.
We appreciate all applicants' interest, but only those selected for an interview will
be contacted.
MEM-631-23

Legislative Correspondent/Legislative Aide -- Congresswoman Lois Frankel
(FL-22), Member of the House Appropriations Committee, Chairwoman of the
Democratic Women’s Caucus, and Co-Chair of the Women, Peace, and Security
Caucus, is hiring a legislative correspondent/legislative aide to assist in drafting
letters to respond to constituent messages, take meetings with constituents, and
assist the legislative team with other projects as needed, with opportunities to
develop a legislative portfolio.
Applicants must be comfortable working in a fast-paced and team-oriented
environment. Excellent writing skills and attention to detail are required. Previous
experience with the Hill is strongly preferred. This is not an entry level position,
and individuals with internship-only experience will not be considered.

Page 2 of 17

Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
Salary will range from $55,000-$65,000 depending on experience, with
additional benefits including health insurance and student loan payments. Please
visit tinyurl.com/FL22LC and fill out the Google Form to apply. Applications
will be reviewed on a rolling basis and the final deadline to apply is January 7,
2024.
MEM-630-23

Representative Josh Gottheimer seeks an experienced Communications
Director for their Washington, DC office.
Ideal candidates will have:
•A Bachelor’s degree or related job experience;
•3-5 years of communications experience in a Congressional office, on a political
campaign, or in another fast-paced environment;
•Excellent attention to detail;
•Sound judgment;
•Strong communication skills;
•Capacity to communicate with a wide variety of personalities in a tactful,
courteous, and professional manner;
•Willingness to accept direction and guidance on performance and process
improvements form the Chief of Staff and Member;
•The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions;
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment;
•And the ability to work flexible hours including long hours, nights, and
weekends.
Duties will include but not be limited to:
•Developing and implementing an aggressive media and communications
strategy;
•Serving as the on-the-record spokesperson and primary media liaison for the
Member;
•Proactively seeking local and national interviews with radio, print, television,
and new media outlets;
•Maintaining good, working relationships with members of the press corps;
•Overseeing the implementation of a multi-faceted Franked communications
program with a large budget;
•Drafting talking points, speeches, press releases, media advisories, op-eds, and
statements for the Member;
•Organizing, coordinating, and staffing events with the media;
•Managing all members of the Communications team;
•Managing the process for the updates to social media platforms and the office
Page 3 of 17

website;
•Managing the organization and distribution of the daily news clips for the
Member and office staff;
•Working closely with the District Office to ensure coverage of local priorities;
•And working closely with the legislative team to ensure coverage of the
Member’s policy priorities.
This position reports to the Chief of Staff.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with
“Communications Director” as the subject line to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov
MEM-629-23

The Office of Congressman Raul Ruiz (CA-25) seeks an experienced Scheduler
to be based in his Washington, DC office. This is not an entry-level position.
Candidates must have exceptional organizational skills, meticulous attention to
detail, the ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks under tight deadlines,
and the ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment.
The Scheduler maintains the Member’s daily and long-term schedule, coordinates
all official travel, and acts as a liaison for the Member with other congressional
offices, constituents, and distinguished guests including executives from the
public, private, and nonprofit sectors.
KEY SUMMARY
•Receives, organizes, and responds to all incoming scheduling requests with
diligence
•Briefs the Member on all scheduling activities of the Washington, DC, and
district offices on a daily basis
•Collects all relevant logistical and background information for all items on the
schedule
•Works with the Member, Chief of Staff and District Director to determine and
finalize the Member’s daily schedule and daily briefing materials
•Updates the Member and relevant staff of any scheduling changes throughout
the day
•Monitors and tracks the Member’s incoming telephone calls, manages messages,
and returns calls as requested
Page 4 of 17

•Coordinates official travel arrangements and staffing of the Member
•Collects receipts for travel and office related expenses, and works with financial
administrator to reconcile and submit credit cards accounts and member
reimbursements
•Reports directly to the Chief of Staff
Qualifications: The ideal candidate will have congressional work experience and
prior scheduling or office management experience, bilingual candidates preferred.
District or California ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Salary: The salary range for this position is $55,000 - $65,000 per year,
depending on experience, and the position is eligible for transit benefits and
student loan repayment assistance.
To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to ca25resumes@mail.house.gov.
with “Scheduler: [Your Name]” as the subject line. Deadline to apply is
December 26, 2023.
MEM-628-23

The Office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is seeking a hardworking,
motivated, and experienced Health Policy Director to assist with the health
portfolio related to the Member’s work on the House Committee on Energy &
Commerce.
The primary responsibilities for this position will be leading the Member’s
existing health initiatives, identifying new areas for legislative action, and
coordinating with relevant Energy & Commerce committee staff, other Member
offices, and outside stakeholders. Additional duties may be assigned based on
experience and office needs.
This is NOT an entry level position: 2+ years’ experience working on health
policy is required, and previous experience working in advocacy and organizing
is preferred. The ideal candidate is organized, detail-oriented and resilient in the
face of a fast-paced and ever-changing environment. The ideal candidate is also
proactive and comfortable working with diverse staff, community members and
constituents. Colorado ties or western state connections are a plus. Advanced
degree is preferred. Salary will be commensurate to experience, with the range
for this position being $80,000 - $90,000 per year.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and
Page 5 of 17

cover letter to DeGette.Employment@mail.house.gov by Wednesday, January 3,
2024.
MEM-627-23

The Office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is seeking a hardworking,
motivated, and experienced Energy and Environment Legislative
Assistant/Policy Director to assist with the energy and environment portfolio
related to the Member’s work on the House Committee on Energy & Commerce,
particularly in her role as Ranking Member on the Energy & Climate
subcommittee.
The primary responsibilities for this position will be leading the Member’s
existing energy and environment initiatives, identifying new areas for legislative
action, and coordinating with Member’s subcommittee staff, other Member
offices, and outside stakeholders. Additional duties may be assigned based on
experience and office needs.
This is NOT an entry level position: 2+ years’ experience working on energy and
environmental issues is required, and previous experience working in advocacy
and organizing is preferred. The ideal candidate is organized, detail-oriented and
resilient in the face of a fast-paced and ever-changing environment. The ideal
candidate is also proactive and comfortable working with diverse staff,
community members and constituents. Colorado ties or western state connections
are a plus. Advanced degree is preferred. Salary will be commensurate to
experience, with the range for this position being $80,000 - $90,000 per year.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and
cover letter to DeGette.Employment@mail.house.gov by Wednesday, January 3,
2024.

MEM-626-23

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Congressman Mark Pocan (WI-02), member of
the House Appropriations Committee, is seeking an experienced and enthusiastic
Legislative Assistant. Ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of Hill experience, a
good understanding of House procedures, an understanding of developing and
tracking legislative initiatives, and political awareness. Experience with
healthcare and/or labor policy is a plus. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include meeting with constituent groups and stakeholders,
preparing and staffing the Congressman in committee hearings and markups,
drafting legislation, advancing the Congressman’s legislative agenda, providing
vote recommendations, drafting legislative memos and briefing materials, and
reviewing constituent correspondence, in addition to other duties as assigned. A
sense of humor is greatly appreciated.

Page 6 of 17

Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
Subject Line. Job opening closes at the end of business on Friday, January 5th.
No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity and expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation.
MEM-623-23

The Office of Congressman Juan Ciscomani (AZ-06) is hiring a Digital Director.
This person will work with the Communications Director to manage the
congressman’s rapid response and digital presence, including but not limited to
social media, graphics, video filming and editing, newsletter creation, website
management and digital ads. Graphic design and video skills are required.
The office is looking for a creative self-starter who can jump quickly in a fastpaced environment. Ideal candidates have 2 or more years of experience, with at
least 1 year of experience on Capitol Hill.
Applicants should send their resume and 3-5 portfolio samples
to paige.lindgren@mail.house.gov

MEM-622-23

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford representing the 4th District of
Nevada, is seeking a dynamic and dedicated individual to serve as a Health
Legislative Assistant. The successful candidate will play a pivotal role in
developing and executing legislative initiatives focused on health care, seniors,
social security, and immigration, contributing to impactful policy changes that
directly impact the constituents of the 4th District.
Primary Responsibilities will include, but not limited to:
•Legislative Initiatives: Develop and execute legislative initiatives within the
assigned portfolio, concentrating on health care, seniors, social security, and
immigration. Monitor legislative developments on the House floor and
committees, staying informed on
relevant issues.
•Building Support: Gather support for bills or amendments from other Members
and relevant interest groups, fostering collaboration and consensus-building.
•Vote Recommendations: Provide informed vote recommendations based on
thorough analysis and understanding of the legislative landscape.
•Policy Drafting: Draft, develop, and negotiate legislative text with the respective
committee, ensuring alignment with the Congressman's objectives.
•Committee Preparedness: Staff and prepare the Congressman for committee
briefings, hearings, and markups related to the assigned portfolio.
•Research and Analysis: Conduct research using various tools to acquire, analyze,
and interpret data. Present findings to the Congressman, Senior Management, and
other stakeholders on issues impacting Congressional District 4.
Page 7 of 17

Communication and Commitment:
•Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate effectively with
diverse communities.
•Ability to navigate challenging conversations among diverse groups and build
consensus.
•Commitment to public service, strong work ethic, and the ability to perform
under pressure.
Application Instructions:
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes. Interested candidates
should submit a cover letter,
resume, two writing samples (no longer than two pages), and three professional
references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with "Legislative Assistant, [Last
Name, First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF
file.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Salary is commensurate with experience.
MEM-619-23

SCHEDULER – Congressman Mark Pocan (WI-02), member of the House
Appropriations Committee, is seeking a highly motivated, detail-orientated, and
energetic individual with excellent oral and written communications skills for a
scheduler position in the Washington, DC office.
Daily tasks include managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
DC, state and national schedule; coordinating travel, booking flight reservations,
and managing logistics for events; evaluating and organizing all incoming
meeting and event requests; communicating key information regarding the
Member and the Member’s schedule to staff; and working closely with both DC
and District staff to ensure smooth daily office operations. Candidates must be
available to assist the member outside of regular business hours.
This position requires candidates with proven experience in administrative roles,
knowledge of the Congressional work setting, and comfort working one-on-one
with the Member, Chief of Staff and District Director. Excellent writing, verbal
and strong organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a selfstarter while working in a fast paced environment. A sense of humor is greatly
appreciated. Previous Capitol Hill or scheduling experience is required; this is not
an entry level position and title could also include “Director of Scheduling” if
candidate has previous experience in that area.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing
sample to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Scheduler” in the Subject Line.

Page 8 of 17

Job opening closes at the end of business on Wednesday, December 20th. No
phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity and expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation.
MEM-614-23

Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks a Legislative Director to join his office
in Washington, D.C. The Legislative Director will oversee the office’s policy
agenda in close collaboration with the Member, Chief of Staff, and
communications and district staff. The Legislative Director will be responsible
for managing the legislative team, a legislative portfolio, formulating legislative
strategies, and other duties as assigned.
Candidates should have a strong track record of managing, training, and
supervising a team in a fast-paced environment. Candidates should have
experience developing strong relationships with stakeholders, making policy
recommendations and have a firm grasp of committee, floor, and other House
procedures. Candidates should have strong verbal and written communication
skills. The office is seeking an individual who is driven, creative, and committed
to furthering a collaborative work environment.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. Rhode Island ties are a plus. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, cover letter, and brief writing
sample, and three references (including name, current title and organization,
phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to RI01AmoJobs@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Director.”

MEM-612-23

Press Assistant (House Committee on Oversight and Accountability, Democratic
Staff)
House Oversight and Accountability Committee Democrats, under the leadership
of Ranking Member Jamie Raskin, seek a diligent and creative press assistant to
join our office. The press assistant will work closely with the communications
director, press secretary, and digital director and play a key role in executing the
office’s communications priorities.
Qualified candidates should have professional experience in communications or
journalism and Capitol Hill experience. Ideal candidates will be competent
writers, detail-oriented, self-sufficient, collaborative, and able to produce highPage 9 of 17

quality work under tight deadlines and while multitasking. Familiarity with
graphic design and video production software (e.g. Canva, Adobe Suite), Cision,
and TV Eyes is preferred but not required.
Job responsibilities include:
•Compiling daily clips and monitoring breaking news across media
•Drafting messaging materials, such as: social content, talking points, and press
releases
•Managing press lists
•Conducting research
•Assisting the press office with logistical and administrative support, such as
coordinating events
•Generating and implementing new ideas to advance our message
•Other duties as assigned
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please email oversightpress@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Last Name.First Name—COA Press Assistant.” Please submit the following
materials attached in one pdf: cover letter, résumé, and short writing sample.
MEM-611-23

Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Communications
Director to lead and execute an aggressive and innovative communications
strategy for a battleground district. In close collaboration with the Member, Chief
of Staff, and legislative and district teams, the Communications Director will
oversee the Member’s communications agenda and manage a fast-paced
communications team in the district and D.C. This position reports to the Chief of
Staff and is not an entry level position.
Responsibilities include maintaining relationships with both national and local
reporters, organizing and replying to inquiries, and proactively pitching stories;
drafting and editing press releases; developing media strategies to roll out
legislative wins; spearheading communications components of district outreach
and events; running an aggressive and responsive social media program; writing
op-eds, talking points, newsletters, mailers, letters, and speeches; managing and
coaching the communications team; and working collaboratively with District
Office and legislative staff to amplify the office’s work. The Communications
Director will also oversee franked communications and a robust 499 program.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of political communications
experience, a strong history of drafting all forms of communications materials,
sharp attention to detail, experience managing a team, and a track record of
successfully pitching national and local media outlets. Prior experience managing
franked communications is a plus. Experience in digital media, including social
Page 10 of 17

media and graphic/video design is a plus. The ideal candidate is collaborative,
creative, energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically astute, and
willing to work long hours in a fast-paced and demanding setting. Nevada ties are
a plus. Prior Hill experience is preferred.
Applications will be reviewed as they are received, and interviews could begin
very soon, with an eye to quickly filling this position. Interested candidates are
encouraged to apply as soon as they can.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF a resume, cover letter, writing sample of 1,000
words or fewer, and three references (including name, current title and
organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to nv03resumes@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Communications Director.”
MEM-546-23

Member Services Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Member Services Director who
is exceptionally motivated, dynamic, strategic, and detail-oriented to engage with
CBC Member offices and outside partners to advance a robust member services
portfolio.
The Member Services Director will be expected to proactively build strong
relationships across CBC Member offices and develop strategic opportunities for
Member engagement advancing shared priorities. The individual will also be
expected to coordinate with CBC staff to field and respond to inquiries and
requests for support from Member offices and respond to and share external
opportunities for Member engagement as they arise.
The Member Services Director is also responsible for assisting in overseeing all
aspects of caucus operations, logistics, designated administrative responsibilities
and to support caucus leadership.
The Member Services Director responsibilities will include:
•Conducting regular outreach to Member offices to build relationships with staff,
share opportunities for Member or staff participation in events, messaging, and
other efforts, and identify new ideas for collaboration with Member offices
•Sharing resources with Member offices and working with CBC, congressional,
and external staff to develop high-quality materials for Member office use
•Drafting regular newsletters for Member offices with relevant updates and
opportunities, as well as for external audiences to uplift Member engagement on
Page 11 of 17

CBC issues
•Developing a network of external partners working on issues relevant to the
CBC and Member offices
•Maintaining staff contact information and distribution lists
•Provides orientation and training for new staff;
•Assists departing employees with necessary administrative procedures (i.e.,
returning keys, House I.D. cards, and other office property; obtaining forwarding
addresses, work files, and records);
•Supervises the mail operations and the administrative files and personnel
records;
•Assists staff in scheduling House or Capitol rooms for outside group functions;
•Organize and facilitate meetings and other strategic convenings to support
institutional
•change, policies, and programmatic work;
•Oversees operations for CBC including organizing weekly meetings and events
•Provides logistical support for all programming
•Works with the CBC personal office staffs and coordinates with the CBC
Schedulers to implement the Caucus’ priorities
•Builds and maintains databases of internal and external stakeholders
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player.
Candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of House and Senate
legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov.
No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-508-23

Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) seeks an exceptional, experienced
Press Secretary/Digital Director (PS/DD) to join a dynamic, fast paced team,
working out of the Washington, DC office.
Working with the Communications Director, located in the District, the PS/DD
will develop, coordinate, and implement digital and traditional media and
communication strategies that highlight the Member’s work and advance her
robust online/digital presence. Other primary responsibilities include but are not
limited to developing, editing, and producing graphics, videography, and other
creative tools to enhance messaging; fielding press requests from local and
national media; producing the Member’s newsletters; drafting releases and
advisories, speeches , and talking points.

Page 12 of 17

The successful candidate will have a creative and strategic approach to visual and
graphic design, excellent oral and written communications skills, an ability to
handle multiple assignments on tight deadlines, a desire to hone the Member’s
voice, a strong collaborative approach to cross functional teaming, and a good
sense of humor. They will also have a working knowledge of the legislative
process, procedures, and organization of the House, with a proven ability to build
strong, collaborative relationships while working in a crisis-oriented environment
and handling stress appropriately. Ohio ties are a plus, but not required, but
proven effective digital and videography experience is required.
This is not an entry level position. The ideal candidate will have at least three
years of Hill and/or other communications experience in a policy or constituent
services environment with an emphasis on professional digital media,
videography, and general communications proficiency beyond the intern level.
The salary is flexible and dependent upon proven experience and expertise.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing and one creative
samples to Ohio11Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press
Secretary – Last Name, First Initial.” No drop-ins, direct emails to staff or phone
calls, please. The position is open until filled, but applications will be screened as
they are received.
MEM-468-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks one attorney with 5-10 years of experience to serve as Investigative
Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.
The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
Page 13 of 17

OCE
•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
•Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Page 14 of 17

Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
Page 15 of 17

preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.
MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy
Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
Page 16 of 17

engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.
Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and
possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.

Page 17 of 17

