House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 11, 2018

MEM-156-18

Southern Democrat seeks a Press Secretary to lead an active
communications operation in the Washington, D.C. office. Successful
candidates will have superb written and verbal communication skills, be
comfortable multi-tasking, have excellent attention to detail, and work well
under pressure. Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
drafting press releases, speeches, op-eds, and letters to the editor, managing
relationships with local and national reporters, proactively engaging in media
outreach, curating an active social media presence, managing e-newsletters,
and graphic design. The Press Secretary will work collaboratively with the
legislative and district staffs and closely with the Member. Candidates must
be available nights and weekends as required. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and diverse candidates are strongly encouraged to apply
at nchousejobs@gmail.com. This is not an entry level position.

MEM-152-18

Southern Democratic Member seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant for
D.C. office. This individual will handle a portfolio including healthcare, small
business, and housing issues and will staff the Member on two committees.
The ideal candidate will represent the Member in meetings with constituents
Page 1 of 5

and interested parties and assist in developing legislative initiatives.
Applicants should have excellent written and verbal communication skills,
and work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment. This is not an
entry level position. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume,
and three references to nchousejobs@gmail.com. No drop-ins or phone calls.
The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply.
MEM-151-18

NC Democrat seeks a Press Secretary to join an active communications
operation. Successful candidates will have superb written and verbal
communication skills, be comfortable multi-tasking, have excellent attention
to detail, and work well under pressure. Primary responsibilities include (but
not limited to) drafting press releases, speeches, op-eds, and letters to the
editor, and other written material for the Member, curating an active social
media presence, managing e-newsletters, and graphic design. The Press
Secretary will staff the member during press events and other events as
needed. Candidates must be available nights and weekends as situations
require. The office is an equal opportunity employer and diverse candidates
are encouraged to apply at nchousejobs@gmail.com.

MEM-146-18

North Carolina House Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant for Washington, DC
office. Duties will include managing the front office, serving as tour
coordinator, greeting constituents and meetings, managing a robust internship
program, and handling other administrative duties as they arise, including
processing mail and faxes. Candidates should have superior time management
skills, work well under time constraints, and have excellent communication
skills. Multi-tasking, enthusiasm, good sense of humor, and keen attention to
detail are necessary. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume,
and two brief writing samples along with three references to
nchousejobs@gmail.com. The office is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-145-18

Representative Tim Walz (MN-01) seeks a Staff Assistant to join his
Washington, DC staff. The Staff Assistant will be responsible for managing
the front office, receiving visitors and telephone calls, supervising interns,
completing flag and tour requests, and performing other administrative,
legislative, and communications tasks as required. Successful candidates will
demonstrate an understanding and adherence to the servant-leader model; a
high degree of professionalism; strong writing, organizational, and
interpersonal skills; an ability to take initiative in a dynamic, fast-paced
environment; and a positive, collegial attitude. Capitol Hill experience and
Minnesota ties are not required, but they are preferred. Interested candidates
should send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and three professional
references to Walz.Resumes@mail.house.gov. Representative Walz is an
equal opportunity employer.

Page 2 of 5

MEM-144-18

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative assistant with a background in law to join our
Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will
be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-143-18

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a professional and
dynamic executive assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The executive assistant will be responsible for efficient and accurate
management of all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term schedule,
meeting logistics, maintaining files and drafting correspondence, greeting
visitors, answering phones, and contributing to other miscellaneous projects
as needed. The person also will be involved in scheduling staff meetings and
briefings, and helping constituents with their visits to Washington, DC,
among other duties.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, flexible, and calm
under pressure. The applicant must possess excellent communication and
time-management skills, a sense of urgency and the ability to work
independently with sound judgment and minimal direction, and the ability to
work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Two years of experience in an
administrative or scheduling role is preferred, although Hill experience is not
required.
Page 3 of 5

To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "executive assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-142-18

The office of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz is seeking a
Legislative Assistant to handle health care, women, seniors, and other related
issues. Responsibilities include but are not limited to advising the Member on
all matters in the issue portfolio; developing and advancing policy proposals;
drafting vote recommendations and talking points for related floor and
committee proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; and
representing the Member before constituents and stakeholders. The ideal
candidate will have previous work expertise in the issue areas, prior
experience advising a Member of Congress and advancing policy proposals;
excellent written and verbal communication skills; and an eagerness to work
in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Florida ties are a plus.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to
FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Legislative Assistant.”
Please save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name
the file “Last name, First name.” This office is an equal opportunity
employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age,
religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or
gender identity or expression.
Application materials must be received by 12:00 pm ET on June 15, 2018.

MEM-139-18

Senior Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior Legislative
Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the Financial
Services Committee and other issues. Candidates should have substantial
experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional
experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral
communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced
environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply, please e-mail a
cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
financeservicesla@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-138-18

Member of Democratic Leadership Seeks Exceptional Press
Assistant/Digital Director
Candidates must be meticulous, measured and savvy enough to excel in a fastpaced press operation. Must have prior experience in a political office or public
relations agency. Campaign experience is a plus.
Page 4 of 5

Required
•
•
•
•

Remarkable video editing skills (should know Photoshop, Illustrator,
Gimp or Canva)
Strong storytelling ability
Superior research skills
Ability to write with exceptional grammar and syntax

Duties
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•

Compiling daily clips and briefing materials
Assisting with drafting press releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds,
speeches and other materials
Building out and managing press lists
Creating compelling social media content (videos, graphics)
Maintaining the office’s website social media pages
Creating/editing issue-specific videos
Monitoring the Congressman’s presence and interactions on social
media, keeping press staff up-to-date on trends and important
conversations happening online
Taking photos/video at events and assisting with the production of
livestreamed events

Contact
Please submit your resume, one writing sample and one digital sample to
newyork08resumes@gmail.com with “Press Assistant/Digital Director” in the
subject line.

Page 5 of 5

