________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 26, 2024

MEM-374-24

Congressman Jason Crow (CO-06) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working
Legislative Assistant, based in our Washington, D.C. office. This position
reports to the Legislative Director. The LA will handle a domestic-facing
portfolio, and applicants with background in any issue area are encouraged to
apply.
Key duties include:
• Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within
the portfolio of issue areas
• Working with external stakeholders, CRS, Legislative Counsel, and
committee staff to draft legislation based on the Member’s priorities
• Preparing and staffing the Member for meetings, and assisting in the
drafting of remarks, as needed
• Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Legislative
Director, and legislative, communications, and district teams on
legislative updates
Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communications skills and
be detail-oriented, organized, and creative. Other key qualities include:
• Commitment to a collaborative work environment
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage competing
priorities
• Ability to communicate up and down within the team
Page 1 of 27

•
•

Ability to learn the Congressman’s voice and legislative priorities
Interest in identifying and pursuing new opportunities and the ability
to anticipate and adapt to challenges

This office is committed to building a diverse and inclusive team: candidates
of color, women, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are encouraged to apply. This
office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Colorado ties are a plus and prior Hill experience is preferred. Compensation
is competitive and commensurate with level of experience.
Qualified applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
(no more than 3 pages) as one combined PDF to
co06.resumes@mail.house.gov. Include “Legislative Assistant – [Full
Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis
as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-373-24

Regional Director Overview
The mission of Congressman Don Davis' office is to share the experiences
and advocate for the people of eastern North Carolina daily. We strive to
ensure that our constituents are seen and heard in Washington, DC, to
improve the quality of life for all families, provide hope, and ensure that
eastern North Carolinians do not feel forgotten.
The role involves keeping the District Director, Deputy Chief of Staff &
Legislative Director, Chief of Staff, and the Member of Congress informed on
regional matters of importance. Based in Greenville, NC, this position
requires extensive travel, with the majority of the work schedule spent in the
field rather than in the office. The role demands a high level of mobility and
flexibility to effectively engage with constituents and address regional issues.
Specific Responsibilities
• Manages regional outreach operations, coordinates special events and
activities, and forwards constituent casework within the district's
assigned region.
• Represents the Member by engaging with constituents and serving as
a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies throughout the
congressional district.
• Attends meetings and events to enhance the visibility of the
Congressman and his office, identifies key district events for the
Congressman’s schedule, and provides recommendations to the
District Director.
• Staffs the Congressman during regional and state visits, which may
require working evenings and weekends.

Page 2 of 27

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Maintains a comprehensive contact list of local organizations,
businesses, community leaders, and religious institutions within the
assigned region.
Prepares documents and briefing materials for events and ensures they
are well-organized and accurate.
Documents events by taking notes, photos, and recording videos to
ensure thorough and accurate records.
Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal officials, as well as other
groups, to build and maintain effective relationships for the Member.
Evaluates regional issues needing legislative attention and provides
recommendations to the District Director, Deputy Chief of Staff &
Legislative Director, Chief of Staff, and the Member of Congress.
Compiles and submits weekly reports to the District Director detailing
outreach activities within the assigned regional areas.
Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and key information relevant to
the office.
Provides regional support in other areas when covering for an absent
regional director, as directed by the District Director.
Adheres to office attendance policies and maintains a flexible
schedule, including extended hours, nights, and weekends.
Cultivates and maintains strong working relationships with the
Member, staff, and constituents.
Responds constructively to performance-based feedback and
directives, thriving under pressure and managing stress effectively.
Undertakes additional responsibilities as assigned.

Education (or equivalent experience)
A minimum of two years of experience and strong academic qualifications are
required. Alternatively, candidates may have four years of related experience
or training in legislative functions or a comparable field.
Skills and Knowledge Required
• Strong North Carolina ties, particularly eastern North Carolina;
• Strong commitment to public service and willingness to work with a
diverse population;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Interest in the legislative process and House organization and
procedures;
• Interest in local, state and federal agencies and departments;
• Professional telephone manner;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a
tactful, pleasant, and professional manner;
• Willing to drive long distances throughout a large and mostly rural
district;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Page 3 of 27

•

Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment
of responsibilities.

How to Apply
Interested candidates should submit a resume (no longer than 1 page), cover
letter (no longer than 1 page), three references (including name, title,
organization, contact details, and your relationship with them) in a single PDF
to nc01resumes@gmail.com. Use the subject line: “Your Full Name –
Regional Director.”
We welcome candidates from diverse backgrounds. Our office is an equal
opportunity employer, committed to inclusivity and non-discrimination based
on race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-372-24

Congresswoman Val Hoyle (D-OR-04) seeks a self-starting and creative
Press Assistant/Digital Manager to join her office and work on a fast-paced
communications team. In this role, the Press Assistant / Digital Manager plays
a critical part in shaping, branding, and maintaining the public image of the
Congresswoman, requiring a combination of strategic thinking, strong digital
skills, and the ability to be creative and thrive under pressure.
The Digital Manager is expected to exercise discretion and independent
judgment in carrying out the duties of the position. The ideal candidate is
creative; has sound judgment; interested in learning more about the national
and state-based press; pays attention to detail; and, has good research, design,
and digital media skills. This person works closely with the Communications
Director, who is their immediate supervisor, DC and District staff, as well as
interns. This person reports to the Chief of Staff.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
• Oversees the development and execution of a comprehensive digital media
strategy, including
content for the official website, social media channels, e-newsletters, and
other internal
outreach;
• Creates, curates, and manages all published content (images, videos,
graphics) across various
social media platforms (e.g., Twitter, Facebook, Instagram) to engage with
constituents and
promote the Congresswoman’s legislative priorities;
• Monitors and analyzes media coverage and digital engagement metrics to
assess the
effectiveness of communication strategies and identify areas for
improvement;
• Provides regular reports to senior staff on media interactions, digital
performance, and public
Page 4 of 27

sentiment and feedback;
• Uses analytics to refine the digital strategy and optimize outreach efforts;
• Acts as the media liaison for the Member;
• Assists in the development and implementation of media, communications,
and public relations
strategy for the Member;
• Remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about
which the Member may
be questioned;
• Evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the nation for
their impact on the
Member;
• Provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's actions
and legislative
activities;
• Writes speeches for the Member;
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
• Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, media, and
constituents;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
• Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
• Performs other duties as assigned.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED
• Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
• Strong communication skills;
• Understanding of print, broadcast, and online media;
• Experience designing audio, graphic, video content;
• Knowledge of current issues and events in which the Congresswoman is
involved;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in carrying out the
duties of the
position, including in the representation of the Congresswoman's position on
policy issues;
• Thoroughness and attention to detail;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and
professional manner;
• Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge of office computer applications;
• Experience with various social media platforms, HTML; and,
• Proficiency in word processing.

Page 5 of 27

This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion,
national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, marital
status, parental status, military status, or any other factor or basis prohibited
by applicable federal law.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter.
Working Conditions
• Work is performed in an office environment. A hybrid work arrangement
involving
telecommuting may also be approved, consistent with the needs of the office.
• Noise levels in the office are usually moderate.
• Ability to work in a small workstation without expectation of privacy.
• Work environment is typically high pressure, team-based, collaborative.
Education/Experience
Strong academic credentials; strong research, writing, and communication
skills. Communications
background and experience with online organizing is necessary. Alternatively,
two years of related
experience.
FLSA Status: This is a nonexempt position.
Please have candidates send a cover letter and resume by COB Friday, August
30th to resumes.hoyle@mail.house.gov.
MEM-371-24

Congresswoman Mikie Sherrill (NJ-11) is seeking a New Jersey-based
Press/Digital Assistant to join an active, fast-paced communications team.
Successful candidates will have strong writing skills, close attention to detail,
creative instincts, and an ability to meet tight deadlines.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Drafting press releases,
statements, and talking points; building and maintaining a press list; writing a
regular newsletter; drafting/producing compelling digital copy and creative
content, including short form video; building and staffing the
Congresswoman for district press events; and more.
Salary is commensurate with experience. The office offers a competitive
package of benefits (health insurance, retirement, student loan repayment
program, holiday time, etc.).
TO APPLY: Email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, one digital
sample, and three references to nj11jobs@gmail.com with the subject line,

Page 6 of 27

“Press/Digital Assistant: [Your Full Name].” Please no unsolicited drop-ins,
phone calls, or emails to the office.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: August 30, 2024
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-370-24

The Caseworker acts as a liaison between constituents and federal agencies
to set up Congressional Cases on behalf of the Congressman. The Caseworker
then actively communicates with the constituent and the agency to bring the
case to a satisfactory close.
The person in this position works with the Field Representative to attend
mobile office hours as well as meetings and events with the Congressman
with duties of accurately photographing the events and taking casework and
legislative notes.
This position reports directly to the District Director.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a
liaison with federal agencies;
•Refers non-federal cases to state, local or other agencies as appropriate by
making contact with the non-federal agency to ensure and smooth transition
for the constituent;
•Attends regular training to continuously learn about federal agencies and
maintains working relationships with individuals within those agencies;
•Adheres to District requirements for 14 and 90 day follow-ups with
constituents with active cases;
•Fully and completely documents IQ (Office CRM system) with all
constituent correspondence;
•Attends equitable share of Mobile Office Hours with Field Reps in
Congressional Mobile Vehicle throughout district;
•Works with District Staff to attend fair share of festivals and parades in
district;
•Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director;
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
•Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
Page 7 of 27

•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff, and
constituents;
•Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress;
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
•Accompanies Congressman and/or Field Reps on overnight trips within the
District
•Must be willing to drive the Mobile Congressional Vehicle
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
•At least 2 years of office-based experience and or strong academic
credentials.
•Alternatively, 2 years of related experience or training in legislation or
equivalent experience.
SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS:
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman
is involved;
•Professional telephone manner;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
•Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
•Knowledge of office computer applications; and
•Proficiency in word processing.
•Works well under pressure and handles stress;
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
•Accompanies Congressman and/or Field Reps on occasional overnight trips
within the District
•Attends events with Field Representative and Congressman to take photos
and accurately document who is in photos and gist of photo
•Must be willing to drive the Mobile Congressional Vehicle
•NC Drivers License is a requirement
•Must be insurable to drive the Congressional Mobile Vehicle

Page 8 of 27

Application Process: Review of applications will commence immediately,
with interviews to follow shortly, aiming for a swift hiring process. Interested
applicants are urged to apply promptly.
We welcome candidates from diverse backgrounds. Our office is an equal
opportunity employer committed to enforcing non-discrimination protections
based on race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, or national origin.
The Office of Congressman Chuck Edwards is committed to carrying out the
mantra of “First in Constituent Services” sharing the stories and advocating
daily for the people of Western North Carolina.
To Apply: Submit a resume, cover letter, and three references (including
name, title, organization, contact details, and your relationship with them) in a
single PDF to chris.burns@mail.house.gov. Use the subject line: “Your Full
Name – Case Worker.”
MEM-369-24 The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone and answers
constituent requests for general information, and other inquiries. This position
also monitors delivery and pickup of mail, materials, maintains the front
office, and assists with various administrative and casework duties. Lastly, the
Staff Assistant will work with the Field Representative to attend meetings and
events with the Congressman with duties of accurately photographing the
events.
This position reports directly to the District Director, with dotted line
responsibility to the District Operations Manager.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Answers and screens telephone calls for the Congressman and other staff
member, Maintains the office answering machine/ voice mail;
•Greets and screens visitors;
•Assists persons who have appointments with the Congressman or other staff
members and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the
•Congressman's appointments are on time;
•Maintains literature regarding the district and House offices for distribution
to visitors;
•Monitors inventory for all office supplies and maintains office equipment;
•Picks up and drops off incoming/outgoing mail, routes it appropriately;
•Maintains the District Calendar both electronically and in District Director’s
office;
•Responsible for general office organization, filing and general tidiness;
•Responsible for stocking supplies in Congressional Mobile Vehicle and for
general tidiness and cleanliness of the vehicle;
•Batches casework related messages in IQ;
•Assigns new Casework to caseworkers and documents the agency and
general casework description in IQ;
Page 9 of 27

•Logs 1123 forms in IQ and routes information to the appropriate District or
DC staffperson(s);
•Reviews and clips relevant articles in newspapers and publications to refer to
Operations Manager for letter drafting;
•Attends Mobile Office Hours with Field Reps in Congressional Response
Vehicle throughout district;
•Works with other District Staff to attend festivals and parades in district,
Maintains the District calendar of annual festivals and parades that is updated
monthly;
•Reviews and clips relevant articles in newspapers and publications; Uses
articles to draft letters of congratulations/condolences on behalf of
Congressman
Ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff
member in a timely manner;
•Documents visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff and
constituents;
•Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
•Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
Associate or bachelor’s Degree or previous work experience in a professional
office environment preferred
SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE and OTHER REQUIREMENTS:
•Ability to use and troubleshoot photocopier, facsimile machine, telephone,
and other office equipment;
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Ability to perform essential job functions above;
•Professional telephone manner;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant and professional manner;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress;
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends;
•Must be willing to overnight, on occasion, within the District
•Must be willing to attend events with Field Representative and Congressman
to take photos and accurately document who is in photos and gist of photo
•Must be willing to drive the Mobile Congressional Vehicle
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
•Knowledge of office computer applications; and
Proficiency in word processing.
•NC Driver’s License required

Page 10 of 27

WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate
•Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
Application Process: Review of applications will commence immediately,
with interviews to follow shortly, aiming for a swift hiring process. Interested
applicants are urged to apply promptly.
We welcome candidates from diverse backgrounds. Our office is an equal
opportunity employer committed to enforcing non-discrimination protections
based on race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, or national origin.
The Office of Congressman Chuck Edwards is committed to carrying out the
mantra of “First in Constituent Services” sharing the stories and advocating
daily for the people of Western North Carolina.
To Apply: Submit a resume, cover letter, and three references (including
name, title, organization, contact details, and your relationship with them) in a
single PDF to chris.burns@mail.house.gov. Use the subject line: “Your Full
Name – Staff Assistant.”
MEM-368-24 Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez (CA-38) is seeking an experienced policy
staffer and manager to be her Legislative Director. Congresswoman Sánchez
is a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee, leader in the
Congressional Hispanic Caucus, and active member of the Congressional
Labor Caucus, Congressional Progressive Caucus, and NATO Parliamentary
Assembly.
The Legislative Director will oversee the formulation and tracking of the
Member’s policy priorities and legislative strategy as well as manage the
legislative team. The Legislative Director will work closely with the Chief of
Staff, District Director, and Deputy Chief of Staff/Communications Director
to incorporate our constituent priorities, legislative strategy, and
communications outreach.
Qualified candidates will have a minimum of four years Capitol Hill
legislative experience and strong background in tax and economic policy.
Applicants must demonstrate an ability to work well with a team in a small,
fast-paced environment, while maintaining a sense of humor. The office
strongly values diversity and encourages candidates of all backgrounds to
apply.
To apply for this position, please submit a cover letter, resume, writing
sample, and professional references to CA38jobs@mail.house.gov with
“Legislative Director” in the subject line.
Page 11 of 27

Deadline for submission is Thursday, August 29, 2024.
MEM-366-24 The Office of U.S. Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi seeks a full-time Staff
Assistant in his Schaumburg, Illinois district office. The Staff Assistant will
provide administrative support to the operations of the district office. The
ideal candidate must be self-motivated, organized, and possess strong oral and
written communication skills. The Office of U.S. Congressman Raja
Krishnamoorthi is an equal opportunity employer.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Drive the Congressman to and from events
• Staff the Congressman at events
• Compile briefing book
• Greet visitors
• Answer the telephone
• Respond to constituent requests for general information, tours, and other
inquiries.
• Monitor delivery and pickup of materials
• Maintain the front office
• Assist with various administrative and legislative duties
• Assist with casework and other duties as assigned
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
Bachelor’s Degree. Alternatively, two years of related experience or training
in politics or government.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Ability to use and troubleshoot photocopiers and other office equipment;
• Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint);
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Ability to multitask;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
• Passion for public service;
• Work well under pressure and handle stress;
• Work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends.
HOW TO APPLY
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to District Director
at Sabey.Abraham@mail.house.gov
LEVEL OF LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
Page 12 of 27

Ideal candidate would speak Spanish
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of
our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-365-24 The House Democratic Leader’s Office seeks a motivated, detail-oriented
Digital Resident to work full-time in a fast-paced leadership office. The
resident will assist in creating content for various digital platforms.
Knowledge of professional photo/video cameras, social content creation,
graphic design and creative editing & design programs (Adobe Creative
Cloud, Canva, etc.) is required. Applicants must be able to work 40 hours per
week in Washington, D.C. and may occasionally be asked to work additional
morning or evening hours.
The term of this paid residency will be from September to December 2024.
Applicants must be able to work in Washington, D.C. Ideal applicants will be
able to take photos, write, edit and proofread under tight deadlines while
handling multiple assignments simultaneously.
To apply, please email your application materials, including a portfolio
to Resumes.Jeffries@mail.house.gov. Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+
individuals, veterans and those with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins please. All applicants must be high
school graduates who are enrolled in or have recently graduated from an
accredited post-secondary educational institution, college or university.
MEM-364-24 The office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) seeks to hire
an experienced Caseworker for the Los Angeles District Office (MidCity/Wilshire) in a full-time capacity.
The Caseworker, officially known as a “Constituent Services Representative,”
plays an integral role by serving as a liaison to the federal government on
behalf of the Member’s constituents. The Caseworker will handle a portfolio
that includes, but is not limited to, the State Department/Passports/NonImmigration Visas, IRS, Social Security Administration, Health & Human
Services, CMS, FEMA, Dept of Transportation, Dept of Education, and Dept
of Labor on behalf of the Member. The Caseworker will work closely with
the District Director, Field Representatives, and other Caseworkers to provide
outstanding service to the Member’s constituents. The Caseworker is
responsible for answering written casework correspondence as well as phone
and in-person communications with constituents.
As a first-term Member office, we are looking for a proactive, solutionsoriented individual who can work alongside the rest of the District Office
Page 13 of 27

staff to help create and fine-tune our processes. Other responsibilities may
include tabling at local events to let the community know that our office is
available as a resource; answering the phones and greeting visitors; assisting
with administrative items; staffing and driving the Member; and other duties
as assigned. A valid driver’s license is required. Previous casework
experience and knowledge of the Hill is preferred.
This job requires the ability to execute multiple competing priorities in a fastpaced environment. Candidates must have the ability to prioritize and follow
through on time-sensitive requests. Providing excellent constituent service is
a priority. Discretion and empathy are essential in this position. Our team
values honesty, professionalism, and kindness.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Among other benefits, the position
offers health insurance, retirement benefits with an employer match, paid sick
leave and annual leave, parking benefits, and access to the Student Loan
Repayment Program. The office is an equal opportunity employer. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, and
three references
to Rebekah.Solem@mail.house.gov and Gabrielle.Howard@mail.house.gov.
We look forward to working with you!
MEM-363-24 Staff Assistant Opening – East Hartford, CT: Rep. John B. Larson seeks Staff
Assistant for East Hartford, CT office. Responsibilities include managing the
front office, welcoming office visitors, supervising interns, organizing
incoming mail and phone messages, providing general administrative support
to the office, and other duties as assigned.
The position requires strong written and oral communication skills, attention
to detail, along with the ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.
While not required, fluency in Spanish is a plus.
Salary is commensurate with experience. The benefits package includes
health, dental, and vision insurance, retirement benefits, transit or parking
benefits, 18 days of annual leave, and 12 weeks of paid FMLA. Student loan
repayment is also available.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women,
minorities, and LGBTQ candidates to apply. Please submit resume, cover
letter, one short writing sample (one page max), and two references to
ct01SA@mail.house.gov with “District Staff Assistant – [your last name]” in
the subject line. Please send all materials in ONE PDF. No calls or drop-ins,
Page 14 of 27

please. The deadline to apply is August 27, 2024, with applications
considered on a rolling basis.
MEM-360-24 The Press Secretary’s primary responsibility is to manage and coordinate all
media contacts and activities for the Member at the direction of the
Communications Director.
Typical responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Work under the Communications Director to implement the office’s
communications plans.
• Serve as the office’s D.C. lead on the communications team.
• Acting as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member.
• Remaining abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about
which the Member may be questioned.
• Providing recommendations on the media effect of the Member’s actions
and legislative activities and reporting them to the Communications Director.
• Drafting press releases and communications to be shared with the members
of the press.
• Drafting social media posts and remarks intended for the public.
• Drafting speeches, newsletters, scripts, and other communications for us by
the Member or distribution by the office.
• Monitoring social media sites for articles and postings about the Member
and/or of interest to the office.
• Gathering and circulating daily press clippings.
• Identifying new opportunities for the office to enhance relevance to business
and financial services media outlets.
• Pitching media outlets for coverage of events involving the Member and/or
public statements made by the Member.
• Developing infographics, videos, and other shareable content for publication
on the office’s digital media platforms.
• Clipping videos from speeches, hearings, and news appearances.
• Taking photos at events and meetings.
• Maintaining the office website.
• Maintaining a state, national, and other press lists.
• Performing other duties as directed by the Communications Director.
The requirements for this position are:
• Working from the Washington, DC official office. Regular, predictable
attendance at office required for performance of duties, including providing
rapid response to urgent press and media issues.
• Ability to communicate effectively with the Member and office staff,
Members and representatives from other offices, members of the press,
outside organizations.
• Ability to effectively staff events and communicate the Member’s priorities
to constituent groups.
Page 15 of 27

• Ability to represent the Member/office with the press and at media events,
including making statements on behalf of the Member/office.
• Ability to handle difficult interactions with tact and diplomacy.
• Ability to work long and unpredictable hours, weekends and holidays, as
needed.
• Travel as necessary for performance of duties.
• Able to prioritize and perform duties under pressure in a fast-paced
environment.
• Regularly use typical office equipment, software programs, and methods of
communication, including, for example, a computer, email, telephone,
smartphone, photocopier, fax machine, etc.
These skills are preferred, but not required, for this position:
• Basic knowledge of Adobe Premiere, Snapstream, Canva, and other graphic
design and video editing tools.
Interested parties should submit their resume and a writing sample to
FloodHiring@mail.house.gov.
MEM-357-24 A senior conservative Texan member seeks an experienced press secretary
for his personal office in Washington, D.C. This individual will handle dayto-day operations in the personal office, while reporting to the
communications director.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
-Serving as the primary contact for Texas media requests
-Pitching Texas-based interviews
-Coordinating with the member’s committee communications team to
produce constituent messaging on his committee work
-Drafting and distributing media products including press releases, weekly
newsletters, and social media statements
-Staffing the congressman and handling media at events
-Coordinating with all personal office policy staff to execute a
communications plan for bills, letters, and other policy products
-Draft talking points for staff responses to constituent calls
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and at least one
writing sample to pressSecApplication@gmail.com. The ideal candidate will
have at least two years of communications experience. While not required,
Texas ties are also a plus.
MEM-356-24 The office of Rep. Greg Landsman seeks a highly motivated, energetic, and
detail-oriented individual to serve as a Legislative Assistant or Senior
Legislative Assistant, based in our DC office.

Page 16 of 27

The LA reports to the Legislative Director and works in close collaboration
with the Member, Chief of Staff, and communications and district teams. The
LA will manage the Congressman’s work on one of two committees in
addition to a portfolio of other topics. Exact issue portfolio is flexible, and
applicants with backgrounds in any issue area are encouraged to apply.
Key duties include:
• Preparing and staffing the Member for meetings
• Working with CRS, committee staff, external stakeholders, and
Legislative Counsel to draft legislation based on the Member’s
priorities
• Creating vote recommendations on legislation coming to the Floor
• Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within
the portfolio of issue areas
• Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Chief of
Staff, and legislative, communications, and district teams on
legislative updates
Key qualities include:
• Strong verbal and written communications skills and ability to
communicate both up and down within the team
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and quickly respond to
requests from the Member and the team
• Commitment to a collaborative work environment
• Ability to quickly learn and adapt to the Congressman’s voice, style,
and legislative priorities
• Comfort with receiving and delivering feedback
• Attention to detail, creativity, and most of all, hustle.
Salary range is $60,000 - $70,000, commensurate with experience. Title
commensurate with experience.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Ohio ties are a
plus. The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please email
leslie.grubb@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line
and the following application materials attached as one combined PDF:
Cover letter
Résumé
Two references including name, current title and organization, phone number,
email, and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we
Page 17 of 27

will not contact these references without reaching out to you for your
approval)
No phone calls or drop bys, please.
MEM-355-24 The office of Rep. Greg Landsman seeks a highly motivated, energetic, and
detail-oriented individual to serve as a legislative director based in our DC
office.
In close collaboration with the Member, chief of staff, and communications
and district teams, the Legislative Director will oversee the Member’s policy
agenda. The Legislative Director manages the legislative team, a legislative
portfolio, and formulates legislative strategies.
Key duties include:
• Managing, training, and supervising a team in a fast-paced
environment
• Translating authorizing and appropriations priorities into successful
outcomes
• Developing strong relationships with DC and local stakeholders
• Overseeing the office’s constituent correspondence program
• Keeping the Member and team updated as to movement on all
legislative actions from the office
• Tracking upcoming floor activity and formulating priorities regarding
amendment opportunities
• Managing creation and timely communication of vote
recommendations
Key qualities include:
• Strong verbal and written communications skills and ability to
communicate both up and down within the team
• Sound policy judgment and firm grasp of committee, floor, and other
House procedures
• Commitment to a collaborative work environment and professional
development for all team members
• Ability to quickly learn and adapt to the Congressman’s voice, style,
and legislative priorities
• Comfort with receiving and delivering feedback
• Attention to detail, creativity, and most of all, hustle.
Salary range: $90,000-$100,000, commensurate with experience
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please email
Leslie.Grubb@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director” in the subject line
and the following application materials attached as one combined PDF:
Cover letter
Résumé
Page 18 of 27

Two references including name, current title and organization, phone number,
email, and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we
will not contact these references without reaching out to you for your
approval)
No phone calls or drop bys, please
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-353-24 The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Budget and Ranking
Member Congressman Brendan Boyle are seeking a Communications
Director to lead the communications operation for the Budget Committee and
member personal office. This position will be evenly split between the
Committee office and personal office and will be based out of the
Congressman’s Washington D.C. office. This position will also require
occasional travel to the district as needed.
Ideal candidates should:
• Have 5+ years of relevant communications experience. Senior staff level
communications experience on Capitol Hill, elsewhere within the federal
government, or experience within a national media organization will be given
preference.
• Have excellent judgement in managing and developing relationships with
communications and/or media contacts, as well as experience interacting with
reporters and members of various media outlets.
• Have experience pitching local, regional, and national media outlets on
potential stories on behalf of an elected official.
• Have the ability to fluently navigate a variety of social media, web based
and digital content platforms, and to produce content for said platforms (or
supervise the production of said content by others).
• Have experience with preparing and staffing an elected official in an event
and/or media capacity.
• Have experience with organizing media events/appearances by an elected
official, including press conferences.
• Have excellent and demonstrable oral and written communication skills.
• Have an ability to effectively train and supervise other staff within the
communications arena.
• Be a strategic thinker, politically savvy, and ability to manage competing
priorities and develop solutions under tight deadlines.
• Have an ability to work well with others, willingness to take initiative,
manage competing priorities, and turn around high-quality products under
tight deadlines.
Page 19 of 27

Key Responsibilities:
• Working with the Member and senior staff to develop a broad-based
personal office and Committee based communications strategy, then
executing that strategy through the following avenues:
o Local, regional and national media (tv, radio, etc.), social media, mass
communications, as well as paid ads and digital communications.
• Managing media/communication efforts for the Member’s Washington DC
and district events.
• Working to manage, mentor, and grow the Committee’s and member
personal office communications team, focusing on staff professional
development, skill building, and efficient workflows.
• Staffing and preparing the Member for media and communications
engagements in Washington and as needed, in the district, sometimes outside
of normal business hours.
• Developing and maintaining strong relationships with local, regional and
national media contacts, as well as pitching stories to members of the media.
• Elevating and maintaining the Member’s presence in various national,
regional and local digital, print and television based media
• Drafting media advisories, press releases, statements, op-eds, speeches,
talking points, social media and other digital content, mass emails, as well as
other content as needed.
Salary offered will be competitive, evenly split between the Committee office
and member personal office, and will be commensurate with experience. This
office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values
mentorship and professional development; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender
identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or
military status. Candidates with diverse backgrounds, women, people of
color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter describing their fit for the
role, a resume, and three writing samples to budgetdemocrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with “[NAME] – Communications Director”
in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-345-24

Rep. Ro Khanna (CA-17), seeks an Operations Manager to help manage office
operations, drive and staff the member in Washington, DC (including occasional
evenings and weekends), manage the DC intern program, help run office
logistics, coordinate office weekly reports, manage the constituent management
service and official website, spearhead the Congressman’s monthly newsletter,
help with orientation and onboarding of new staff, work closely with the
member, management, and the scheduler on office operations, and other
administrative duties for the office. The starting salary is $71,000.
Successful candidates are consummate team players, strong writers, adept at
Page 20 of 27

making sound judgment calls and thinking quickly at a moment’s notice, and
being exceptionally organized self-starters. It is preferred that candidates have a
valid driver’s license, daily access to a vehicle, and a good driving record.
Candidates should submit to ca17jobs@gmail.com a single PDF that 3-4 pages
max with these items:
Resume
Cover letter on why you want to work for Rep. Khanna and why you are the
right fit for this role
One page writing sample
Among other benefits, the position offers health insurance, retirement benefits
with an employer match, 15 days of vacation in addition to the office closure in
the last two weeks of December, 15 days sick leave annually which can be used
in part or entirely for ‘ mental health days’ at any point in the year, flex time,
transit or parking benefits, and access to the Student Loan Repayment Program.
The Operations Manager is a represented position, part of the Congressional
Workers Union and reports to the Chief of Staff.
The Office of U.S. Congressman Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer;
we do not discriminate based on race, color, religion or lack thereof, sex,
pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability,
military status, marital or parental status, genetic information, medical history,
arrest history, organizing activity, or any other factor or basis that is prohibited
by law or regulation applicable to the Office. Women, veterans, people of color,
and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-341-24 PRESS ASSISTANT/PRESS SECRETARY
OFFICE of CONGRESSMAN AUCHINCLOSS
SUMMARY:
Congressman Jake Auchincloss (D-MA) is seeking a Press Assistant/Press
Secretary in the Washington, D.C. office to join an aggressive, fast-paced
communications team. The Press Assistant/Press Secretary will have excellent
writing, editing and digital skills. Strong proofreading and copyediting skills are
a must. This role will be heavily focused on digital communications, working
with the Communications Director to produce social media content and develop
a creative digital strategy.
This role primarily assists the Communications Director with drafting
constituent-facing outgoing communications and developing a social media
plan. Candidates seeking to join a highly active press team across national, local,
and digital media with opportunities for growth are encouraged to apply.
Videography and video editing skills are a plus. Title commensurate with
experience. The salary range for this position is $60,000-$70,000.
Page 21 of 27

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
- Drafts the Congressman’s remarks, newsletters, press releases, and other
public-facing written materials;
- Edits constituent mail;
- Designs and executes a robust social media plan that builds engagement and
audience growth;
- Drafts daily social media content in accordance with the social media plan
under quick deadlines;
- Monitors social media and relevant news to produce rapid response tweets;
- Clips the Congressman’s TV appearances and public facing events for social
media;
- Possesses strong instincts for digital trends and digital media opportunities;
- Provides creative, proactive ideas on social media, press pitches and events;
- Assists the Communications Director with drafting press releases, quotes,
statements, floor speeches and talking points;
- Works closely with the Communications Director to produce franked mail,
texts, digital ads, telephone surveys, and telephone town halls;
- Works well under pressure and with quick turnarounds;
Please email a resume, cover letter, writing sample and two digital work samples
in a single PDF to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with “First Name Last
Name—Press Assistant” in the Subject Line. Applications will be accepted on a
rolling basis. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression,
pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status, or any other
characteristic protected by applicable law.
MEM-236-24

Congresswoman Sylvia Garcia seeks a Communications Director/Press
Secretary for her DC office. The position requires some travel to the district to
support media relations and press events and supervises a talented
communications team. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply as soon as
possible.
Job Expectations:
The Communications Director/Press Secretary is expected to work closely with
the Chief of Staff, Legislative Director and District Director to develop and
execute a comprehensive and aggressive strategic plan to inform constituents and
the media on issues that are important to the Congresswoman. This includes
making media pitches, organizing press events, and reviewing, drafting, and
finalizing statements, remarks/speeches, press releases, media advisories, and
other messaging (e.g., social media). Finally, the Communications Director/Press
Secretary will work closely with and manage other members of the
communications team, including the DC-based speechwriter and the districtbased communications assistant.
Page 22 of 27

Ideal candidates will be bilingual in Spanish, demonstrate a successful track
record of communications experience, and have supervisory experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Garcia is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. We strongly value the diversity
of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and 1-2 short writing
samples to TX29Jobs@Gmail.com with “Communications” in the subject line.
The title and salary are commensurate with experience.
MEM-180-24

Congressman Steven Horsford’s District Office is seeking to hire a full-time
District Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team.
Job Summary:
Under the supervision of the District Director, the District Representative acts as
the representative for the Member. District Representative responsibilities include
strengthening relationships with key stakeholders, as well as attending
engagements on behalf of the Member. Caseworker responsibilities include
helping constituents resolve problems with federal agencies through written and
verbal communication.
Responsibilities:
Outreach Responsibilities:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals.
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities.
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders.
•Organize and participate in community events, town halls, and outreach
campaigns to engage constituents.
Casework Responsibilities:
•Act as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility,
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies.
•Handle casework assignments and assess casework for problems requiring
legislative action, making recommendations to the District Director and Chief of
Staff.
•Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents.
Communications and Professionalism:
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents.
•Accept performance-based criticism and directions.
Page 23 of 27

•Work well under pressure and handle stress.
•Work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
•Perform other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
•Political knowledge and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer
service manners; public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional
nights, weekends and some holidays.
Benefits:
•Comprehensive health insurance coverage, including medical, dental, and vision
plans.
•Paid annual and sick leave.
•Thrift Savings Plan Retirement program.
•Student Loan Repayment.
•Health and Wellness programs.
•Transit Benefits.
•House Professional Development programs.
•Employee purchasing/government discounts
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with District 4 community is preferred.
Application Instructions:
This is a full-time position based in the North Las Vegas district office. Salary is
competitive and commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, individuals
with disabilities, and veteran
are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples
(no longer than two pages) and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with "District Representative,” [Last Name,
First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-155-24

Rep. Tokuda (HI-02) seeks an energetic person to join her communications team
as a Digital Director or Press Secretary in her Washington, D.C. office. This
individual will work closely with the Communications Director who works in
Honolulu. Candidates must have experience in digital media and video editing
and will be responsible for managing multiple digital media accounts. This
position will also assist with press releases and inquiries, speeches, and mass
communications.

Page 24 of 27

Essential Skills Include:
•Strong writing and editing skills with attention to detail
•Creative graphic production
•Ability to multi-task and work quickly under pressure
•Patience, flexibility, and a sense of humor
Candidate must also be able to work occasionally on weekends and evenings.
Interested parties should email a cover letter, resume, writing sample, sample
social media posts, and two references to Hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.
MEM-135-24

PRESS SECRETARY- The Office of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03)
seeks an experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates must be able to manage media relations, press opportunities, and
messaging for a senior member of Congress. This role reports to the
Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active
relationships with top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience
will receive preferred consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations,
messaging, and risk management.
•Advance press events and staff the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current
relationships with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the office’s larger
communications strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who
does not discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex
(including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation,
marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee
organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit
factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as candidates from
underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.

Page 25 of 27

MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
Page 26 of 27

•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience. Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to ellis.mcginnis@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director/Counsel”
in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled. Incomplete
applications may not be considered. This office is an equal opportunity employer
and will consider all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital
or parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or
national origin.

Page 27 of 27

