House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 24, 2018

MEM-510-18

Rep. Ro Khanna, a very active leader of the Progressive Caucus, seeks a
Digital Specialist and Press Aide to create original content in videos, social
media and other messaging vehicles to expand the reach of the Member’s
vision and priorities. This individual will work collaboratively with the
Communications Director in managing the Member’s social media channels
(Facebook, Twitter and Instagram) and using the platforms to frequently share
content and elevate the Member’s online presence.
The Digital Specialist and Press Aide will work the Communications Director
to design and implement a robust communications/digital/social media plan.
This individual will be proficient in video/audio production, graphic design
and editing. Audio and video clips of various topics and events attended by
the Member will be used to develop creative content for use within videos and
online communications distributed by the office.
Successful candidates will possess at least two years of relevant video
experience in a legislative office, political organization or progressive
advocacy group; proficiency in video filming, editing and graphic design
software; knowledge of live-streaming platforms, digital trends and
developments in media; and strong organizational, time-management,
Page 1 of 31

problem-solving and story-telling skills. After hours and weekend
responsiveness will be required.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
two writing samples, three graphic design samples and links to three samples
of video work. Please apply to RepRoKhannaCA17@gmail.com, applications
will be accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-509-18

Press/Digital Assistant – Progressive Democrat and Senior Member of the
House Judiciary Committee is seeking a Press/Digital Assistant to work
closely with the Communications Director to elevate the Member’s
communications operation. Duties will include monitoring and maintenance
of the Member’s social media accounts, drafting and posting content for
social media, producing graphics and videos, maintaining the website,
compiling daily press clips, meticulously proofreading and fact-checking
written materials (including letters, social media posts, press releases,
newsletters, talking points, and more), creating e-newsletters and franked
mailings, creating targeted mailing lists for mass outreach campaigns, and
other responsibilities assigned. The ideal candidate will be organized, detailoriented, tech-savvy, able to work long hours in a fast-paced environment,
have superior writing and proofreading skills and the ability to work closely
with a communications and legislative team. Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District,
previous congressional or campaign experience, and
photography/videography/graphic design skills strongly preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, 2 writing samples,
an original graphic and/or video, and sample tweets to
tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov. Please write “Press/Digital Assistant” in the
subject line. Please be aware this office has a dog. No phone calls, faxes, or
walk-ins, please.

MEM-508-18

Digital Director/Washington Press Assistant – The office of Rep. Debbie
Wasserman Schultz seeks an experienced Digital Director and Press Assistant
to handle a range of fast-paced media issues, and will report to the
Communications Director. Duties will include working with local and
national reporters; long-term planning; drafting e-newsletters, social media
posts, press releases, op-eds and speeches. This position will be responsible
for managing digital media accounts and producing video content. It requires
excellent writing skills and an ability to work closely with legislative and
Page 2 of 31

district staff. This is a fast-paced work environment, and not an entry-level
position. Prior work in another Congressional or Senate office with Florida
ties, and graphic design capabilities, are a plus. Interested parties should email a cover letter and resume to FL23ResumeComm@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “Digital Director/Press Assistant.” Please save cover letter
and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First
name.” This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate
on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin,
uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

MEM-507-18

The office of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz is seeking an
experienced Legislative Director/Counsel to oversee and support the
Member’s legislative priorities and all other relevant legislative and policy
work.
Responsibilities include advising the Member on all matters in the issue
portfolio and advancing legislative proposals; analyzing legislation and
drafting vote recommendations and talking points for floor and committee
proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; representing the
Member before constituents and stakeholders; and supervising the legislative
staff. The ideal candidate will have a law or advanced degree; significant
foreign policy and Jewish Community experience; experience advising a
Member of Congress, experience managing staff ; experience advancing
policy proposals; excellent written and verbal communication skills; and
enjoy working in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Prior work in
another Congressional or Senate office with Florida ties is a plus. Interested
parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to
FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Legislative
Director/Counsel.” Please save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf
preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” This office is an equal
opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color,
age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation,
or gender identity or expression.

MEM-506-18

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff seeks dedicated,
organized and enthusiastic candidates to join the Communications and
Technology Subcommittee staff as Professional Staff Member or Counsel.
The jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes traditional and emerging
communications technologies generally and as they relate to emergency and
public safety communications, consumer protection, cybersecurity, privacy,
and data security. The subcommittee oversees the Federal Communications
Commission, the National Telecommunications and Information
Administration, the Office of Emergency Communications in the Department
Page 3 of 31

of Homeland Security, and all aspects of the above-referenced jurisdiction
related to the Department of Homeland Security.
The position requires the handling of substantive legislative and
administrative tasks, including staffing hearings and markups, conducting
oversight, and drafting legislation. Qualified candidates must have strong
writing, analytical, legislative, and organizational skills; a proven ability to
perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with competing
priorities; a willingness to work long hours and weekends; and sound political
judgment. Candidates should have experience working with relevant public
interest groups, the FCC, Congress, and industry. Law degree preferred but
not required.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability,
or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to
apply. Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and at least two
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line
C&T PSM/Counsel Candidate.

MEM-505-18

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff seeks dedicated,
organized and enthusiastic candidates to join the Communications and
Technology Subcommittee staff as Professional Staff Member or Counsel.
The jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes traditional and emerging
communications technologies generally and as they relate to emergency and
public safety communications, consumer protection, cybersecurity, privacy,
and data security. The subcommittee oversees the Federal Communications
Commission, the National Telecommunications and Information
Administration, the Office of Emergency Communications in the Department
of Homeland Security, and all aspects of the above-referenced jurisdiction
related to the Department of Homeland Security.
The position requires the handling of substantive legislative and
administrative tasks, including staffing hearings and markups, conducting
oversight, and drafting legislation. Qualified candidates must have strong
writing, analytical, legislative, and organizational skills; a proven ability to
perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with competing
priorities; a willingness to work long hours and weekends; and sound political
judgment. Candidates should have experience working with relevant public
interest groups, the FCC, Congress, and industry. Law degree preferred but
not required.

Page 4 of 31

All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability,
or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to
apply. Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and at least two
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line
C&T PSM/Counsel Candidate.

MEM-504-18

Events Coordinator/Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of
Congress seeks an energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the team
of her very active and visible constituent services staff.
The Events Coordinator is also a caseworker who helps constituents with
federal issues but spends a good part of the time managing and directing very
diverse city-wide and neighborhood events that relate to the
Congresswoman’s congressional and constituent responsibilities, including
staying on top of everyday events in the Member’s district that keep the
community connected to the Member’s work. The Events Coordinator takes
the lead in our frequent Norton-In-Your Neighborhood meetings with
constituents and in developing major events, among them, the Small Business
Fair and Job Fair.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks. The office prizes staff able to
think outside the box and work independently while also being available to
assist in co-worker projects where necessary or requested. Prior community or
event planning experience is desirable. The ideal candidate will have a
bachelor’s degree, excellent writing and communication skills, experience
interacting with the public and leadership qualities. Candidate must be a
resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to DC if
hired.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter and references to
dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

Page 5 of 31

MEM-499-18

A Maryland Democrat seeks a high-energy, highly-organized, and detailoriented Constituent Service Representative for his District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
●Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
●Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
●Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships
for the Member.
●Serve as the official representative for the Member at community events in
the District.
●Provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and events for the
Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
●Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
●Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
●Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
●Thorough knowledge of agencies and casework processes.
●Strong oral and written communication skills.
●Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
●Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
●Maryland ties are a plus.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to md06.jobs@gmail.com
with “Constituent Service Representative” in the subject line. No phone calls
or walk ins.

MEM-498-18

A Maryland Democrat seeks a high-energy, highly-organized, and detailoriented Field Representative for his District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
●Serve as the official representative for the Member in the community.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
Page 6 of 31

officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships
for the Member.
●Monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
issues of importance.
●Staff and provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and
events for the Member.
●Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
●Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
●Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
●Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
●Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
●Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
●Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
●Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
●Strong oral and written communication skills.
●Thorough knowledge of legislative process.
●Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
●Maryland ties are a plus.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to md06.jobs@gmail.com
with “Field Representative” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk ins.

MEM-494-18

Democratic Member is seeking an Alabama-based press secretary with
strong written communications skills to handle day-to-day press relations,
draft talking points and statements, and implement a comprehensive press
strategy. This position reports directly to the Representative’s Capitol Hillbased Communications Director and the Alabama-based District Director.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, writing speeches and talking
points; proofreading content for clarity and grammar, drafting proclamations
recognizing constituents and district events; responding to press inquiries;
writing and placing op-eds; overseeing and expanding the Member’s social
media presence; creating and distributing e-newsletters; and assisting in the
planning and execution of district events. Qualified candidates are detailoriented, have strong proofreading skills and a knowledge of grammar usage,
Page 7 of 31

are innovative and self-motivated, and are able to work cooperatively in a
team setting. This is not an entry-level position and the ideal candidate has
experience in the political or media landscape. Interested candidates should
email a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to
AL07.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “District Press Secretary” in the subject
line.

MEM-491-18

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks an attorney with 1-3 years experience to serve as Investigative Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel
and will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of
possible violations of ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff
Director and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.
Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and
identify facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise
the Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of
cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations
of OCE
Qualifications:
•Experience auditing large sets of data and providing detailed analysis
•Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and
other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
•Investigative experience in high-profile and sensitive matters; experience
with investigations involving public officials is desirable but not required
•Strong legal judgment
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and
present the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Ability to:
owork independently or as part of an investigative team
omanage multiple tasks and projects
Page 8 of 31

owork well under pressure and tight time deadlines
oexercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Reviewing large sets of data across multiple databases in order to analyze,
develop, and provide detailed reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Preparing memoranda of interviews and reports of investigations
•Performing other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret
clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter and resume (electronic submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov

MEM-490-18

House Democratic Committee seeks a staffer to work on issues related to
federal small business procurement policy. Expertise in Small Business
Administration programs, particularly the 8(a) Business Development
program and HUBZone program, is required. Candidate must be an
outstanding writer, have a demonstrated capacity to generate new ideas, and
the proven ability to analyze legislation. This is not an entry level position. A
graduate degree is strongly preferred. Exceptional writing and analytical skills
are a must. Prior Hill, federal agency, private sector or policy think tank
experience is preferred. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover

Page 9 of 31

letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the
subject line.

MEM-489-18

The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking to immediately fill a
full-time job opening for a Caseworker/ Field Representative based in her
District Office.
Position Description
Caseworker: Casework responsibilities involve assisting constituents of the
38th Congressional District resolve problems with federal agencies or find the
appropriate state or local contact for non-federal issues. The candidate should
be persistent and detail-orientated, and put a priority on facilitating
resolutions and expediting priority requests. Knowledge of federal and
California state government agencies and experience in customer service will
be highly regarded.
Field Representative: Field Representatives are primarily charged with (but
not limited to) maintaining, strengthening, and establishing new relationships
with local community stakeholders, non-profit organizations, and local
elected officials in the 38th Congressional District. This position represents
the Member of Congress in assigned areas and keeps the Member of Congress
informed on all happenings in those areas. In addition to community
outreach efforts, the Field Representative will be responsible for managing
projects and largescale public events.
Minimum Qualifications/Education Required
- Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college or
university with a bachelor’s degree.
- Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government agencies and
structure (county, state, and federal).
- Strong written, communication, analytical, and organizational skills; an
ability to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable
customer service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
- Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with Microsoft
Word, Excel,Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
- Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be
able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects simultaneously, and
work under pressure.
Page 10 of 31

- Candidates should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to
excellence, upbeat demeanor, flexibility, and sense of humor.
- Candidates should expect weekend, some holidays, and after-hours
assignments.
- Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant. Employees will
receive health care insurance, 401(k)-style retirement benefits, and other
federal employee benefits.
To Apply
Interested applicants should submit their resume and cover letter via email to:
CA38Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please indicate the title of the position in the
subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins accepted.
The Office of the Honorable Linda Sánchez is an equal opportunity employer.
All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status),
military status, disability, or age. Pursuant to
current appropriations law, to be employed by a House office in a paid
position in the continental United States an individual
must: (a) be a U.S. citizen; (b) be lawfully admitted for permanent residence
and seeking citizenship as outlined in 8 U.S.C. §
1324b(a)(3)(B); (c) be admitted as a refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157 or granted
asylum under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, and have filed a
declaration of intention to become a lawful permanent resident and then a
citizen when eligible; or (d) owe allegiance to the U.S.
(i.e., qualify as a non-citizen U.S. national under federal law). Employment is
at-will.

MEM-488-18

Senior Democratic Member seeks a Legislative Assistant in his Washington,
D.C. office to develop and plan legislative initiatives and monitor legislative
developments on the House floor on assigned issues.
The ideal candidate will be suited to: Track legislation and other
developments in his/her assigned issue areas; monitor legislative
developments within relevant committees; plan and coordinate cosponsorship and support of other legislation; monitor legislation on the House
floor, provide the Member with information on each vote within their
assigned issue areas; draft talking points; perform special projects assigned by
the Member, the Chief of Staff, or the Legislative Director; meet with
constituent/interest groups.

Page 11 of 31

Please submit a cover letter, resume, and a writing sample to
cahilljob8@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-487-18

Senior Democratic Member seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant in his
Washington, D.C. office. Duties will include responding to scheduling
requests and invitations in a timely and professional manner, working closely
with the appropriate staff to gather all information and advance materials,
coordinate the Member’s travel and working closely with the Member to
manage the Congressman’s schedule. Successful candidates must possess
exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail, be able to multi-task,
and work in a fast-paced and dynamic office environment. Capitol Hill
experience is preferred.
Interested candidates should email and cover letter and resume to
cahilljob8@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-484-18

New York Democrat seeking Legislative Assistant
Seeking a Legislative Assistant to develop and plan legislative initiatives and
monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor
on assigned issues.
o Tracks legislation and other developments in his or her assigned issue areas
and briefs the Member for floor work, work in the district, and outside Houserelated activities;
o Monitors legislative developments within relevant committees;
o Plans and coordinates co-sponsorship and support of other legislation;
o Monitors legislation on the House floor, providing the Member with
information on each vote;
o Writes Floor speeches for the Member;
o If assigned to issues pending before a specific committee, prepares for and
attends committee meetings and hearings with or without the Member (i.e.,
keeps in contact with committee staff and meets with interest groups and
constituents with interests in such meetings);
o Acts as a liaison with committee and agency staffs;
Page 12 of 31

o Performs special projects assigned by the Member or Chief of
Staff/Legislative Director;
o Meets with constituents and interest groups;
o Provides information on and generates ideas for press, mass mailings, and
newsletters;
o Works well under pressure and handles stress;
o Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
o Performs other duties as assigned.
Three years of congressional staff experience is preferred and/or some period
of related experience or training in legislation or equivalent is beneficial.
Ties to New York preferred, Upstate New York ties and knowledge
beneficial.
Background in committee work preferred, legislative work in the areas of
defense, homeland security, agriculture, and healthcare is beneficial.
A bachelor’s degree is required for this position, advanced degree beneficial.
Please include resume, writing sample, and three references when replying to
nyresume2@gmail.com please put title of position applying for in the subject
line of the email.

MEM-483-18

New York Democrat seeking Legislative Correspondent
The Legislative Correspondent will process and answer all incoming
constituent mail, working with the legislative staff to craft appropriate
responses in a timely manner. He/ She will track relevant legislation as
assigned, following its progress through committee, House floor, Senate and
conference committee.
Completion of a four-year college education is preferred for this position. A
minimum of one year of experience is required including congressional
internship experience.
Excellent writing and proofreading skills.
Proficiency in Microsoft office suite and any CMS systems preferred
Ties to Northeast preferred, with experience in New York beneficial.
Please include resume, writing sample, and three references when replying to
nyresume2@gmail.com please put title of position applying for in the subject
line of the email.

Page 13 of 31

MEM-482-18

House Committee seeks Security Manager to manage classified and
sensitive information, briefings, hearings, meetings, security clearances for
Members and staff, and Committee SCIF, as well as work effectively with the
House Security Office. The ideal candidate will have a TS/SCI clearance with
Hill experience. Candidates must have excellent writing and communication
skills, be organized and detail-oriented, be able to handle multiple projects
simultaneously in a demanding work environment, and be able to interface
effectively with Members and staff. Interested candidates should email a
cover letter and resume to OversightJobs@mail.house.gov with “Security
Manager” in the subject line.

MEM-481-18

House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Incoming Majority (Democratic) Staff
seeks Communications Director to serve as spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the incoming Democratic Chairman. Qualified
candidates will have significant on-the-record press experience, a
demonstrated understanding of veterans’ issues, superior written
communications skills, and a demonstrated ability to craft and execute a
strategic communications plan. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages women, minorities, and LGBTQ candidates to apply.
Veterans are also strongly encouraged to apply. Please submit cover letter and
resume to hvactransition@gmail.com with “Communications Director” in the
subject line.
Position Summary:
- The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the incoming Democratic Chairman. They will be
responsible for managing the execution of the committee’s strategic
communications plan and overseeing day-to-day press activities, which
include responding to media inquiries, booking the Chairman for interviews,
pitching news stories to media outlets, working with policy leads to develop
core messaging and talking points, and producing press releases, speeches,
and op-eds that are at or near finished product. The Communications Director
will also oversee other Committee press staff.
Essential Job Functions:
-Craft and execute the committee’s strategic communications plan and core
message
-Speak to the media on the record, while maintaining a good working
relationships with veterans reporters, and pitch members of the press
promoting the Chairman’s agenda
- Remain abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which
the Chairman may be questioned
-Evaluate current events and news reports across the country for their impact
Page 14 of 31

on the Chairman
-Provide ideas and advice on the optics of the Chairman’s actions and
legislative activities
-Produce press releases, media advisories, briefing materials, talking points,
op-eds, and speeches
-Work closely with Chairman’s personal office staff to get official press
statements out the door
-Be innovative, think outside of the box for messaging opportunities, be
willing and capable of engaging new media (YouTube, video news platforms
like NowThis, podcasts, etc.) as well as traditional press
-Be able to see a thorough press roll out of legislation or high profile
committee hearings through completion (including traditional press releases,
digital messaging, and story placements)
-Develop proactive press events in conjunction with legislative staff to convey
the Chairman’s message and engage key constituencies
-Staff the Chairman at press events
-Oversee the collection and tracking of press clips
-Track communications goals
-Manage communications budget
-Support staff in developing their own communications skills
-Oversee the Press Assistant and Digital Assistant
Qualifications:
-3-4+ years’ experience as a Communications Director, Press Secretary, or
similar public relations role
-Ability to engage with stakeholders/VSOs to get the Chairman’s/Committee
message out there and keep the public informed and work hand in hand with
policy team to move legislative priorities forward.
-Experience crafting and executing an effective, fast-paced communications
strategy
-Previous on-the-record press experience
-Superior writing, editing, and proofing skills
-Demonstrated ability to dissect complex topics and make them relevant to a
wide audience
-Previous military service and/or strong familiarity with veterans’ issues
-Willing to execute day-to-day tasks and work successfully within a team
-Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, prioritize tasks, and adapt
quickly and easily for rapid response

Page 15 of 31

MEM-480-18

House Committee seeks experienced Deputy Chief Clerk to manage
electronic records and help coordinate logistics for Committee business,
including hearings and business meetings. The clerk will also proofread,
format, and edit memos, reports, transcripts, and correspondence, draft and
send briefing notices, schedule meetings, and manage incoming/outgoing
mail. Candidates must have excellent writing and editing skills, be organized
and detail-oriented, and be able to handle multiple projects simultaneously in
a demanding work environment while interfacing effectively with Members
and staff. The ideal candidate will have prior clerking experience and will be
able to stand in for Chief Clerk in her absence. Clerks with a TS/SCI
clearance are highly encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should e-mail
a cover letter and resume to OversightJobs@mail.house.gov with “Deputy
Chief Clerk Position” in the subject line.

MEM-479-18

SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT: Senior Member on the House
Committee on Transportation & Infrastructure is seeking qualified candidates
to staff the Member’s committee assignment in addition to managing a
diverse legislative issue portfolio. Candidates should be accomplished at
drafting, advancing, and analyzing legislation, monitoring legislative
developments, conducting research, and drafting vote recommendations. Ideal
candidates will have strong organizational and time management skills,
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a positive attitude.
Paramount is a solid knowledge of the legislative process as well as an ability
to work under pressure and meet deadlines in an unpredictable work
environment, all while keeping a sense of humor. This is not an entry-level
legislative position. 2-3 years of Hill experience strongly preferred. MidSouth ties are a plus but not required. Women and minority candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply. Interested individuals should e-mail a resume
and 2 recent writing samples (no longer than 2 pages each) to
tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: [First name]
[Last Name] – Senior Legislative Assistant. Please be aware this office has a
dog. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.

MEM-476-18

New Jersey Representative-Elect seeks Constituent Services Representative
to join his NJ03 office. The Constituent Services Representative is a field
representative and caseworker on behalf of the Congressman that acts as a
liaison to various federal, state and local agencies, assesses problems and
finds solutions in a professional manner and screens and refers cases, as
appropriate. Ideal candidates will have experience managing casework, be
exceptionally well-organized and attentive to detail, have strong oral and
written communication skills, excel at time management and be able to
Page 16 of 31

maintain good working relationships with the Congressman, staff and
constituents. This is not an entry-level position.
Please send resume to nj03resume@gmail.com with the position name in the
subject line. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages
candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Phone calls and drop-ins not
accepted.

MEM-475-18

New Jersey Representative-Elect seeks District Director to join his NJ03
office. The District Director is a supervisory position that oversees and
manages all district office staff, represents the Congressman in public and
private settings, meets with local leaders, elected officials, business and
constituent groups, travels regularly throughout the district to keep abreast of
local issues and maintains close communications with the Washington, D.C.
office. Ideal candidates will have prior political experience in Burlington and
Ocean Counties, a thorough understanding of the role of a Congressional
office as a liaison to various federal, state and local agencies, experience
planning and executing public events and prior experience managing staff.
This is not an entry-level position.
Please send resume and cover letter to nj03resume@gmail.com with the
position name in the subject line. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Phone calls
and drop-ins not accepted.

MEM-474-18

New Jersey Representative-Elect seeks Legislative Director to join his D.C.
office. The Legislative Director provides policy background and advice to the
Member on all legislative areas, manages the legislative staff, helps develop
policy positions, prepare for Committee hearings, execute legislative strategy,
monitor floor activity and coordinate responses to all legislative mail. Ideal
candidates will have prior Hill experience doing policy work, possess strongwriting and organizational skills, work well with others, understand the
legislative process and be comfortable working under pressure and on tight
deadlines. New Jersey ties are a plus. This is not an entry-level position.
Please send resume and writing sample to nj03resume@gmail.com with the
position name in the subject line. The office is an equal opportunity employer

Page 17 of 31

and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Phone calls
and drop-ins not accepted.

MEM-473-18

New Jersey Representative-Elect seeks Scheduler to join his D.C. office. The
Scheduler manages day-to-day operations of the front office including
answering phones, sorting mail, greeting visitors, processing flag and tour
requests, drafting correspondence and managing interns. Ideal candidates will
have some professional experience, be friendly, very detail-oriented with
good time-management skills and able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Prior campaign or Hill internship experience preferred. New Jersey ties are a
plus. This is an entry-level position.
Please send resume to nj03resume@gmail.com with the position name in the
subject line. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages
candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Phone calls and drop-ins not
accepted.

MEM-472-18

New Jersey Representative-Elect seeks Staff Assistant to join his D.C. office.
The Staff Assistant manages day-to-day operations of the front office
including answering phones, sorting mail, greeting visitors, processing flag
and tour requests, drafting correspondence and managing interns. Ideal
candidates will have some professional experience, be friendly, very detailoriented with good time-management skills and able to work in a fast-paced
environment. Prior campaign or Hill internship experience preferred. New
Jersey ties are a plus. This is an entry-level position.
Please send resume to nj03resume@gmail.com with the position name in the
subject line. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages
candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Phone calls and drop-ins not
accepted.

Page 18 of 31

MEM-471-18

New Jersey Representative-Elect seeks experienced Press Secretary to join
his D.C. office. The Press Secretary is responsible for developing and
executing a media and digital strategy and must have strong writing skills
including experience drafting press releases, talking points and op-eds;
managing social media and web content; creating and executing press events;
and on-the-record experience including pitching stories and working closely
with reporters. New Jersey ties are a plus. This is not an entry-level position.
Please send resume and writing sample to nj03resume@gmail.com with the
position name in the subject line. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Phone calls
and drop-ins not accepted.

MEM-468-18

Congressman Elijah E. Cummings seeks applicants for professional staff to
manage legislative portfolios on the Committee on Oversight and
Government Reform. Candidates should be entrepreneurial self-starters who
can translate investigative findings into policy reforms and shepherd
legislation through all stages of the legislative process, including drafting,
committee and floor consideration, and conference procedures. Advanced
degree preferred. Several years of Hill experience and expertise in postal
policy, acquisition policy, government management, information technology
policy and systems, or regulatory affairs preferred. To apply, send cover
letter, resume, references, and writing sample to
Oversightjobs@mail.house.gov. Please note “Legislative Positions” in the
subject line of the email.

Page 19 of 31

MEM-465-18

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT: Northeast Democrat seeks legislative staffer
to handle diverse policy portfolio. Candidates should be accomplished at
drafting, advancing, and analyzing legislation, monitoring legislative
developments, conducting research, and drafting vote recommendations. Ideal
candidates will have strong organizational and time management skills;
excellent written and verbal communication skills; positive attitude and
disposition suited to the work environment; solid knowledge of the legislative
process; and an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in an
unpredictable work environment. This is not an entry-level legislative
position. New Jersey ties are a plus but not required. Women and minority
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested parties should e-mail a
cover letter and resume to NJ10resumes@gmail.com with the following
subject line: First name Last Name - Legislative Assistant. No phone calls,
faxes, or walk-ins, please.

MEM-462-18

Rep. Elijah E. Cummings is seeking a detail-oriented communications
professional to join the staff of Oversight and Government Reform
Committee as Deputy Press Secretary. The ideal candidate should be a
strong writer, a proactive team player, experienced with local and regional
media markets, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. This
position reports directly to the Communications Director.
Key Responsibilities
•Assist with press releases, statements, talking points, and other key press
documents.
•Monitor press coverage and identify opportunities to disseminate our
message to local and regional media markets.
•Build and maintain relationships with key local and regional reporters.
•Monitor the press inbox and phone line for media inquiries.
•Manage press for multiple subcommittees.
•Assist with creating digital products for social channels.
•Compile and distribute local and national press clips.
•Conduct extensive research.
•Create and maintain press lists.
•Maintain archives on multiple subject matters.
•Other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications
•A Bachelor’s degree in Journalism, English, Public Relations, or a closely
related field preferred.
Page 20 of 31

•A minimum of two years of media relations and/or social media coordination
experience.
•Experience with local and regional media markets.
•A strong ability to research and analyze information.
•A strong ability to perform multiple tasks accurately and efficiently in a fastpaced environment.
•Previous Hill experience a plus.
To Apply
Submit a cover letter and resume to oversightpress@mail.house.gov with
Deputy Press Secretary in the subject line. Applications will be accepted until
the position is filled. Please, no drop-by applications or phone calls.

MEM-460-18

Press Assistant
The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated
and hardworking communications professional to join fast-paced
communications team as a press assistant. Responsibilities include drafting
news releases, social media posts, op-eds and talking points; designing
graphics for both social media and web content; monitoring social media for
trending topics; maintaining and updating press lists; and compiling daily
press clips. Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral
communication skills, a proven ability to perform under pressure while
juggling multiple tasks and sound political judgment. Prior Hill or campaign
communications experience, as well as professional social media and digital
experience (including graphic design and photo and video editing), is
preferred. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. Please no walk ins or phone calls.

MEM-459-18

Press Secretary
The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated
and hardworking communications professional to join fast-paced
communications team to manage communications for our Energy and
Environment subcommittees. Responsibilities include writing
communications materials (news releases, statements, op-eds, and talking
points); managing press inquiries; maintaining strong relationships with
reporters who cover the committee; and coordinating with the
communications staff of committee members. Qualified candidates must have
excellent written and oral communication skills; the ability to comprehend
and summarize complex legislation quickly; a proven ability to perform under
pressure while juggling multiple tasks; and sound political judgment.
Candidates should have at least 3 years of experience in a relevant field.
Page 21 of 31

Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Prior Hill,
energy/environmental communications, or campaign experience is preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-457-18

Democratic full committee office seeks staff assistant. This individual will
be responsible for answering phones, sorting mail, greeting visitors, and other
duties as assigned. Interested applicants should possess an outgoing
personality, have the ability to multi-task, and possess strong organizational
skills. Proficiency in Spanish is required. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please send cover letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the
position name in the subject line.

MEM-456-18

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is
currently seeking a Deputy Clerk to assist the Chief Clerk in the 116th
Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to archiving and records
keeping, notices and circulations, official filings, editing letters and reports,
hearing, markup and conference logistics and proceeding, bill drops and floor
logistics, redlines, updates to the website, managing intern and fellowship
program, maintaining the documents room, updating and maintaining the
Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned. Candidates should
possess exceptional organizational skills, be comfortable with public
speaking, and have excellent writing and research skills. The Deputy clerk
will be required to assume all clerking duties in the absence of the Chief
Clerk. Previous congressional experience is highly encouraged. Salary
commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should email their cover
letter, resume and writing sample to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. To
ensure proper identification, please put “DEPUTY CLERK APPLICATION”
in the subject line.

MEM-454-18

House Committee on Judiciary Democrats seek a motivated, creative, digitalsavvy strategist to serve as Digital Media Manager. Responsibilities include:
·Developing the Committee’s social media strategy;
·Drafting social media posts;
Page 22 of 31

·Maintaining and updating the website;
·Creating graphics;
·Creating videos;
·Compiling and distributing news clips;
·And working on special projects.
Candidates must have strong writing skills, experience working in digital
media, and the ability to work under tight deadlines. Please send a writing and
graphic sample, along with a resume and cover letter to
HouseJudDemsJob@mail.house.gov. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ
persons are strongly encouraged to apply. This is not an entry level position.

MEM-448-18

New York Congressman is seeking an experienced press secretary to join his
DC office. The press secretary is responsible for developing and executing a
media strategy, which includes writing press releases, talking points, and opeds, while also managing the Member's social media pages, web site, pitching
story ideas and working closely with reporters. Must have on-the-record
experience and strong writing skills. Candidates with NY ties a plus. This is
not an entry level position.
Please send resume and writing sample to ny03.resumes@gmail.com. Phone
calls and drop-ins not accepted.

MEM-443-18

Senior Energy and Commerce Democrat seeks a Climate Change and
Environment Legislative Assistant. The primary responsibilities for this
position will be leading the Member’s existing climate initiatives, identifying
new areas for legislative action, and coordinating with other Members and
outside stakeholders. Additional duties will be based on experience and
include other environmental and natural resources priorities.
This is not an entry level position. Significant experience working on climate
policy is required and previous Hill experience is preferred. The ideal
candidate will be creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be
able to have fun while maintaining a busy schedule. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing
sample to seniordemclimatejob@gmail.com.
Page 23 of 31

MEM-439-18

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
hardworking staff assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The staff assistant will be responsible for answering phones, processing mail,
assisting with constituent requests for information, coordinating tours,
drafting correspondence, and other administrative duties and projects as
needed. The person also will handle some light press assistant duties,
including compiling press clips, monitoring media, drafting e-newsletters and
press releases, updating the website, and fielding some media inquiries.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, and committed to
individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The applicant must possess excellent communication and time-management
skills, the ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to
work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "staff assistant applicant" in the subject
line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-438-18

Senior Democratic Member seeks a Communications Director to lead a fastpaced press shop. The ideal candidate must be a talented writer, capable of
producing speeches, op-eds, floor statements, press responses, briefing
memoranda, and talking points under tight timelines. The Communications
Director will also manage the Member’s national media profile and
coordinate with the Digital Media Manager to implement a robust digital
media strategy.
An understanding of the legislative process, an ability to quickly grasp and
distill policy issues, and excellent oral and written communications skills are
required. The successful candidate will also be a team player who work well
with others. This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have
Page 24 of 31

previous Capitol Hill experience and a proven record of securing national
press coverage for their boss’ work.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume,
cover letter, and writing sample to seniordemcommsjob@gmail.com.

MEM-437-18

TITLE: Legislative Director
REPORTS TO: Member and the Chief of Staff
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to advise the Member on all legislative areas;
•to assist in development of policy positions and legislative initiatives; and
•to manage and supervise the office's legislative staff.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•at least 3 years of legislative experience;
•at least 1 years of management experience;
•strong academic credentials;
•strong leadership and organizational skills;
•excellent oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work well under pressure;
•thorough knowledge of the legislative process; and
•availability to work long hours and at night.
PREFFERED QUALIFICATIONS
•at least 5 years of legislative experience
•at least 2 years of management experience
•completion of an advanced degree
•experience in and/or knowledge of New York state government and politics;
particularly upstate New York
DUTIES:
•ensures that the legislative staff is properly focused on the Member's
legislative goals;
•works to formulate positions on legislative issues;
•monitors legislative activity on the House floor and handles long-term and
short-term legislative planning for the Member;
•oversees the progression of bills with which the Member is involved as they
move from Committee to the floor;
•recommends strategies and tactics on bills and positions; • assigns legislative
staff areas of responsibility;
•trains and supervises legislative staff;
•schedules and directs legislative staff meetings;
Page 25 of 31

•meets with groups of key constituents or other office visitors, as necessary;
•recommends co-sponsorships of legislation to the Member;
•writes and reviews legislative memos;
•hires legislative staff, with approval of the Chief of Staff/Administrative
Assistant and the Member, when necessary;
•oversees activities of the office in the absence of the Chief of
Staff/Administrative Assistant;
•maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation in which the Member is a principal sponsor, or legislation which
the Member is a cosponsor;
•monitors and reports on floor action to the Member and the Chief of
Staff/Administrative Assistant;
•coordinates responses to all legislative mail;
•assists organizations and constituents in the district with federal matters; and
•performs other duties as assigned.
Please respond with position you are applying for in the subject line with
resume and writing sample to nyresume2@gmail.com

MEM-436-18

TITLE: Staff Assistant
REPORTS TO: Chief of Staff
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to answer the telephones;
•to greet visitors to the office;
•to answer constituent requests for general information, tours, and other
inquiries;
•to monitor delivery and pickup of materials;
•to maintain front office; and
•to assist with various administrative and legislative duties.
•occasionally driving the member to and from events
QUALIFICATIONS:
•minimum of 1 year office experience; congressional internship experience
preferred
•professional telephone manner;
•proficiency in word processing;
•excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•ability to use photocopier, facsimile machine and other office equipment;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; and
•availability to work long hours, if necessary.
•valid drivers license

Page 26 of 31

DUTIES:
•answers and screens telephone calls for the Member and other staff members
and takes messages;
•greets and screens visitors;
•assists persons who have appointments with the Member or other staff
members. Works closely with the Member's Scheduler to ensure that the
Member's appointments are on time and that the Scheduler is aware of the
visitors' arrival;
•responds to constituent requests for flags, tours and other information;
•maintains handout literature regarding the district and the House;
•signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to the office to
appropriate staff members in a timely manner;
•maintains the office answering machine or voice mail;
•ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff
member in a timely manner;
•writes down visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
•logs in mail;
•tracks library books from the Library of Congress;
•performs general typing and administrative assignments;
•sends, receives, and distributes materials via the facsimile machine; and
•performs other administrative and legislative duties as assigned.
Please respond with position you are applying for in the subject line with
resume and writing sample to nyresume2@gmail.com

MEM-430-18

A Southern Democrat seeks a Communications Director to manage an
active communications operation. Successful candidates will have superb
written and verbal communication skills, be comfortable multi-tasking, have
excellent attention to detail, and work well under pressure. Primary
responsibilities include (but not limited to) managing press releases, speeches,
op-eds, and letters to the editor, and other written material for the Member,
managing an active social media presence, managing e-newsletters, and
graphic design. The Communications Director will work closely with the
Press Assistant and other press team members to finalize
press/communication products and strategy. The Communications Director
will staff the member during press events, media interviews, and other events
as needed. Candidates must be available nights and weekends as situations
require. This is not an entry-level position, experience is required. The office
is an equal opportunity employer and diverse candidates are encouraged to
apply at nchousejobs@gmail.com.

Page 27 of 31

MEM-428-18

The House Committee on Small Business (Democratic staff) seeks a staffer
to work on issues related to Small Business Administration Entrepreneurial
Development programs. Expertise with SBA programs, including Small
Business Development Centers, SCORE, Women’s Business Centers, and
Veteran’s Business Outreach Centers, is required. Candidate must be an
outstanding writer, have a demonstrated capacity to generate new ideas, and
the proven ability to analyze legislation. The ideal candidate will have strong
communication, writing, and research skills. A graduate degree is strongly
preferred. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages
candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and
resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-422-18

Senior Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior Legislative
Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the Financial
Services Committee and other issues. Candidates should have substantial
experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional
experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral
communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced
environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply, please e-mail a
cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
financeservicesla@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-419-18

Democratic Committee staff seek energetic and entrepreneurial professional
to join an active communications office. Duties include but are not limited to:
drafting press materials including releases and op-eds; cultivating
relationships with the national and trade media; coordinating press
conferences and media events; and working with legislative staff to
communicate the committee’s policy priorities to local and national
audiences. Ideal candidate will have experience working in communications,
including working on Capitol Hill, or in government or a campaign
environment. Strong writing skills essential. Title and salary commensurate
with experience. Position reports directly to office’s Communications
Director and consults regularly with Committee’s Deputy Staff Director. The
office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter, resume and brief
writing sample to pressjob1923@gmail.com.
Page 28 of 31

MEM-411-18

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Ranking Member
Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of investigative or
litigation experience. Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed
interviews, briefings, and congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates
must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be selfmotivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-405-18

House Small Business Committee Democrats seek an Economic Policy
Staffer to manage a broad policy portfolio including, tax, health, retirement,
and other economic issues. Core responsibilities include developing and
advancing legislation, planning events on key policy priorities, coordinating
hearings, staffing Member, and drafting reports. Exceptional writing and
analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill, federal agency, private sector or policy
think tank experience is preferred. An advanced degree is a plus. The office is
an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-404-18

The House Small Business Committee (Democratic staff) seeks a staffer to
work on issues related to small business technology, telecommunications, and
trade policy. Candidate must be an outstanding writer, have a demonstrated
capacity to generate new ideas, and the proven ability to analyze legislation.
This is not an entry level position. A graduate degree is strongly preferred.
Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill, federal agency,
private sector or policy think tank experience is preferred. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-403-18

House Small Business Committee (Democratic Staff) is looking for a
proactive, experienced oversight and regulatory counsel. Responsibilities
include planning and conducting congressional oversight and advising in
policy matters related to oversight of issues within the committee’s
jurisdiction. Additional duties include reviewing and monitoring regulatory
Page 29 of 31

issues across the federal government as it pertains to small businesses and
drafting comments and official correspondence as necessary. Candidates must
possess relevant legal experience, excellent research and writing skills, and
strong analytical and communication skills. Must also be a team player and
able to work well under pressure and with quick deadlines. Experience with
congressional oversight and regulations preferred; Hill experience is a plus.
J.D. is required; please no recent graduates. This is not an entry level position.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.
MEM-402-18

The House Committee on Small Business (Democratic staff) seeks a Policy
Director to assist in the daily operations and management of policy staff and
assist in coordinating committee activities, such as hearings and roundtables.
This position involves day-to-day management responsibilities and requires
significant management experience. Candidate must be an outstanding writer,
have a demonstrated capacity to generate new ideas, the proven ability to
work under pressure and tight deadlines, and sound judgment necessary to
evaluate matters that arise before the committee. Only candidates with
experience and a comprehensive knowledge in the substantive policy areas
within the Committee’s jurisdiction will be considered. This is not an entry
level position. Previous hill experience is required and an advanced degree is
a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

Page 30 of 31

Page 31 of 31

