House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 19, 2020

MEM-255-20

Description: Republican Congressman from Ohio seeks a staff assistant for
the Washington, DC office.
Candidates should have good communication skills and perform well in a
fast-paced work environment.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, managing the front office,
organizing and writing constituent correspondence, managing the internship
program, scheduling tours, processing flag requests, and additional tasks to
assist the Congressman’s staff.
Previous Hill experience and Ohio ties are a plus.
Interested candidates should submit writing samples and resume
to: midwestern.job@mail.house.gov

MEM-253-20

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with
the tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing
Page 1 of 8

administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data
and navigating databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members
of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional
telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and
Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to
use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in
assisting with daily tasks and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply.
This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $38,000 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-251-20

Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on
Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Office of Advice
and Education.
The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are responsible for
providing a high volume of ethics advice, education, and training to Members
of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person
meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members
of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral
communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the
sensitive matters that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government
ethics; ethics counseling and training; employment law, including the laws
governing sexual harassment in the workplace; and criminal law.
Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and
short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.
Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the subject line.
Page 2 of 8

MEM-249-20

Rep. Katie Porter seeks a highly motivated, resourceful, and organized
individual with strong interpersonal skills to serve as the Constituent
Services Coordinator in the District Office. The ideal candidate will be able
to manage multiple tasks, meet deadlines, and work well in a fast-paced
environment.
The Constituent Services Coordinator will work directly with constituents and
federal agencies, create and implement strategic casework and outreach goals,
and assist with other District Office functions as assigned.
Key Job Responsibilities
●Serve as the Congresswoman’s in-district liaison for a limited portfolio of
issue areas, while working under
the leadership of the Director of Constituent Services and Outreach
● Act as the representative for the Congresswoman, which includes
answering casework correspondence,
meeting with constituents, and communicating with constituents both verbally
and in writing
● Follow casework procedures and meet casework expectations as set by the
Director of Constituent Services and Outreach
● Coordinate and handle a diverse portfolio of federal agency cases through
intake, agency correspondence, constituent correspondence, and resolution
● Screen active cases and liaise with constituents to ensure their cases are
handled in a responsive manner
● Organize and monitor casework data to assist the Director of Constituent
Services and Outreach with
reporting on casework trends and issues
● Assist the Director of Constituent Services and Outreach with establishing
and promoting casework policies and procedures
● Provide constituents with referrals and references, and ensure that other
offices respond to referred
constituents in a timely manner
● Correspond with constituents seeking to register opinions or understand
policy
● Maintain up-to-date files on all cases and office resources
● Plan and execute outreach events to serve constituents, create more
casework, and interact with the
community
● Work with legislative team to increase knowledge on issue area
assignments and to communicate in- district developments and notable
meeting developments
● Work with the Director of Constituent Services and Outreach to compile
and publicize success stories and constituent testimonials
● Perform administrative and organizational tasks related to casework or
outreach as assigned by the Director of Constituent Services and Outreach
Page 3 of 8

The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity
of our employees.
To apply please email resumesCA45@mail.house.gov with the title of
position as the email subject line.
MEM-247-20

Senior progressive appropriator seeks a legislative assistant to cover a broad
portfolio of issues including criminal justice reform, civil and voting rights,
transportation, housing, small/minority businesses, and technology.
Responsibilities include handling appropriations requests and staffing full
committee markups, developing and advancing a proactive legislative agenda
on racial equity and housing policy, drafting, analyzing legislation, writing
policy memos and talking points, working with outside stakeholders, and
meeting with constituents.
Ideal candidates will be outstanding writers, thrive in a fast-paced
environment, and enjoy working with a variety of stakeholders to advance a
robust policy agenda.
Previous Hill experience is required. The office is an equal opportunity
employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our employees.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and short writing sample
to lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject
line.

MEM-246-20

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks
counsel to assist with oversight and investigations on the Education team.
Applicants who are not attorneys but who have at least three years of
experience conducting investigations are also encouraged to apply.
Experience in education policy is not a requirement.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, a pre-prepared writing sample (510 pages), and a writing sample describing an investigation the applicant
would like to pursue.
This second writing sample must include a hyperlink to a current news item
from any source (newspapers, blogs, or other websites) and two paragraphs

Page 4 of 8

detailing why the Committee should investigate the issue presented and the
steps the applicant would take to begin an investigation.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates of
diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please email resume and both writing samples
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Education Oversight” in the subject line.
Applications that do not include all requested materials will not be
considered.
MEM-245-20

The House Financial Services Committee Majority staff seeks a creative and
detail-oriented Deputy Communications Director with strong strategic
communications, media relations and writing skills to be a core part of a fiveperson communications team carrying out the Committee’s communications
strategy on behalf of the Chairwoman.
Responsibilities include but aren’t limited to: working with the
Communications Director to develop strategic messaging for the Committee,
developing press releases, talking points and written materials; developing
content for the Committee’s website and digital platforms; developing and
maintaining relationships with national, local, political and minority-focused
media; and proactively pitching members of the press on Committee
initiatives.
This is not an entry-level position.
Ideal candidates will have prior Capitol Hill or advocacy experience and
knowledge of the legislative process; strong oral, writing and proofreading
skills; and a positive approach to a busy and fast-paced work environment.
Evening and weekend work is expected.
The Committee is an equal opportunity employer. Women and minority
candidates are encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to fscdemresumes@mail.house.gov

MEM-241-20

CA-based Democratic Representative is seeking a motivated and organized
Staff Assistant with excellent oral and written communication skills for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing front desk operations, answering
telephones, greeting visitors, coordinating tours for visiting guests, processing

Page 5 of 8

flag requests, addressing constituent matters, and assisting the Member and
legislative staff as needed.
Additional duties include managing the intern program and special projects,
as assigned.
Hill experience and California state ties are a plus as is prior work experience
with Microsoft Office Suite and IConstituent.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, or sexual orientation. Diverse candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send your cover letter, resume, and two 1-2 page writing
samples to sajob2408@gmail.com and put “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line.
MEM-240-20

Staff Assistant /District Field Representative – The district office of
Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks a hard-working, organized individual to
serve as a Staff Assistant & District Field Representative.
This position primarily entails constituent casework and community outreach.
Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials,
representing the Congressman at community and governmental events,
special projects, as well as general office work.
Candidates should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills,
and must enjoy working with the public.
Prior experience in government, the non-profit sector, community and
grassroots organizing is preferred. This position is based in New Jersey.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and references
by email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-206-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire a Research
and Data Analyst.
In this capacity the Analyst will be responsible for leading data and research
collection and analysis for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion. This
individual will lead the development of the required diversity report, maintain
key metrics and key performance indicators for the Office, and serve as a
resource for external and internal diversity best practices.

Page 6 of 8

This individual will also serve as the project manager for any consultants
and/or contractors with whom the Office may engage to support the
completion of the diversity report and to develop relevant diversity and
inclusion-based training, in collaboration with the Congressional Staff
Academy.
Key Responsibilities
• This staffer will assist in the translation of research findings into materials
that staff can effectively utilize in their engagements with Members and
Member offices.
• Provide research support on diversity and inclusion studies, techniques and
tools.
• Serve as project manager for the diversity report and, where necessary,
direct and coordinate activities of external consultants.
• Research and study best practices for retention and growth in House
employing offices.
• Lead data tracking and reporting with a focus on performance and results.
• Prepare regular updates and briefing documents on research that is relevant
to House employing offices.
• Assist with the development and delivery of training sessions and, as
needed, conduct presentations at professional conferences and meetings.
Master’s degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field; or equivalent
level of experience providing technical assistance, data collections and/or
research.
• Must have knowledge and experience in diversity, equity, and inclusion
research efforts, ideally with a strong background in curriculum development.
Current working knowledge of coalition functioning, evaluation and research.
• Quantitative and qualitative evaluation and research skills.
• Expertise using relevant software.
• Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a
diverse team.
• Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on
assignment.
• Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
• Extensive computer skills, including data input.
Interested candidates should apply by following the instructions here:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/86?c=house
Candidates will be asked to upload a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples.
Salary commensurate with experience.

Page 7 of 8

Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

Page 8 of 8

