________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 12, 2022

MEM-596-22

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) seeks an experienced
individual to serve as his Director of Operations.
This individual will also serve as the Office Manager and Intern Coordinator.
Position duties include, but are not limited to: maintaining Member’s
Washington, DC calendar, managing all incoming meeting requests and
invitations, coordinating travel and logistics, processing office invoices for
vendor payment, maintaining stock of office supplies, overseeing the day-to-day
operations of the office, processing/scheduling all incoming tour requests,
managing the office’s internship program, and other duties as required.
Applicants should be well-organized, possess a keen attention to detail, work well
in a fast-paced environment, and have strong interpersonal skills. Commensurate
with experience. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
Please submit resume and cover letter to gopwesternjobs1776@gmail.com

MEM-595-22

Senior Legislative Assistant or Counsel – Financial Services
Senior Democratic House Member seeking to hire Legislative Assistant to
manage and support the Member’s responsibilities for the House Financial
Services Committee, which will likely include serving as the top Democrat on a
subcommittee of the FSC.

Page 1 of 15

The ideal candidate will have significant experience in financial services issues.
Other areas of responsibility may include consumer protection, small business,
tax, in addition to supporting the member’s assignment to the Committee on
Financial Services. Experience with Wall Street regulation a major plus.
Responsibilities include monitoring and drafting legislation, representing the
Member in meetings/briefings, preparing materials for committee hearings and
markups, maintaining relationships with advocacy groups, interfacing with
government agencies, and other tasks and assignments as needed.
The successful candidate will possess excellent writing written and oral
communication skills, a solid understanding of the legislative process, and a
proven ability to work effectively in a fast-paced office. Law degree/bar
membership a plus, but not required. This is a mid- to senior-level position in the
office.
Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to congressjob2022@gmail.com
MEM-591-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks highly-motivated, detailoriented Staff Assistant with excellent written and oral communication skills for
DC office.
Responsibilities include: driving the Member, general reception duty, handling
tour and flag requests, processing constituent correspondence, addressing
constituent matters, assist in managing interns, and assisting the Member and
staff in all functions of the office.
Daily access to an automobile preferred – with a valid driver’s license and good
driving record.
Previous Hill experience as an intern or staff assistant preferred but not necessary.
Southern California ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two references with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-590-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
Page 2 of 15

communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill, and fluency in Spanish is preferred. They
must be highly organized, proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political
judgment and instincts, and possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading
skills.
• Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
• Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
• Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

Page 3 of 15

MEM-587-22

The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director.
The LD will help drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing
and implementing the strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals;
supervise and mentor the legislative staff while advising on the
Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own legislative
portfolio, which will include work on the Black Maternal Health Caucus.
The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior
leadership team to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall
operations. The LD will also help ensure coordination between DC and district
offices on important legislative updates and district-based events and projects.
This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill experience and knowledge of
the legislative process are required. The successful applicant will have crisp and
thorough written and oral communications skills, an entrepreneurial and selfstarting attitude, strong attention to detail, creativity, and be a team player.
Supervisory experience and expertise on healthcare policy is strongly preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov.
Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with North
Carolina ties. Due to the volume of applications, we receive, we will only contact
you if we decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct
emails, or walk-ins.

MEM-586-22

Legislative Assistant
Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant
to join her Washington, D.C.-based legislative team. The Legislative Assistant
will help implement the Member’s agenda within the Appropriations Committee
and across authorizing committees, and manage a portfolio including but not
limited to health care, transportation, and infrastructure issues.
This is not an entry-level position and sound policy judgement is required.
Candidate should have a strong track record of translating policy priorities into
successful legislative outcomes and developing proactive relationships with onand off-Hill stakeholders. Candidate will be expected to frequently brief and staff
the Member and demonstrate strong verbal communication skills.

Page 4 of 15

Candidate should also be coachable, responsive to feedback, and enjoy working
in a team-first, collaborative work environment. Candidate will work directly
with the Congresswoman, Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and intra- and
inter-departmental peers to advance the Congresswoman’s authorizing and
appropriations priorities. Nevada ties are a plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply send in PDF format a resume, cover letter, writing sample of 1,000
words or fewer, and three references (including name, current title and
organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Assistant.”
MEM-585-22

DC Scheduler
Congresswoman Susie Lee (D-NV) seeks a highly organized, good-humored,
hard-working Scheduler to develop, coordinate, and manage all aspects of the
Member’s daily and long-term schedule and logistics in DC.
The DC Scheduler will report to the Chief of Staff and work closely with the
Member, DC staff, and District staff, including a District-based scheduler
responsible for in-district scheduling. The ideal candidate will have prior
scheduling experience on the Hill, and salary is commensurate with experience.
This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
invitations and scheduling requests, coordinating travel for the Member,
compiling the Congresswoman’s nightly briefing materials, and providing
operational support for the office, including but not limited to facilitating
Member to Member and stakeholder outreach, coordinating internal and external
events, and assisting with onboarding process for staff and interns.
Strong candidates will have excellent attention to detail, communicate quickly
and effectively both internally and externally, strong conflict-resolution skills,
and thrive in a fast-paced work environment. The position requires the ability to
multi-task, work well under pressure, and the flexibility to be responsive to
urgent scheduling needs on nights and weekends.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Page 5 of 15

Candidates should submit in PDF format a resume, cover letter, writing sample of
1,000 words or fewer, and three references (including name, title and
organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the candidate)
to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name – DC
Scheduler.”
MEM-583-22

The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking an experienced
Legislative Assistant to manage his telecommunication, transportation, and
Natural Resources Committee issue portfolio.
The ideal candidate is a current Legislative Assistant who has been a full-time
LA for 2+ years, and has handled appropriations requests, staffed committee
assignments, and has a proven legislative track record for their Member.
Experience working with other Member offices, advocacy groups, industry
associations, etc., with the goal of creating a successful coalition to pass a
bill/amendment, is preferable. Given that this position works closely with district
issues and district stakeholders, the person who fills this position must have a
self-starter mentality and strong interpersonal skills. This position will be highly
involved in the telecommunications policy area, including managing the
Member’s responsibilities on the Rural Broadband Caucus and Rural Broadband
Task Force.
The position will also be expected to work routinely with state and federal
transportation stakeholders to address the unique transportation issues of the
district, which require an independent approach to addressing the issues and
curating solutions. The ideal candidate needs to be self-motivated and possess the
ability to take proactive and creative initiative on assigned policy areas.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to Carolyn.King@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject
line.

MEM-582-22

Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s District Office has an immediate need to hire a
full-time Field Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team in Orange County.
Basic Functions
The Field Representative serves an important role in the Member’s Congressional
District, acting as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents. They are responsible for strengthening community
relations and assessing casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or
Congressional oversight.
Duties
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Page 6 of 15

Representative briefs the Member in preparation for district meetings with
constituents and acts as the representative for the Member by attending events
and meetings. This includes public speaking and certificate presentations.
The Field Representative will:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
•Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
•Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
Requirements
•Expertise developing and executing a community relations strategy
•Experience in maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders
•Political savvy and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible scheduling, including nights and
weekends
•Constituent service oriented; patient empathetic, and desire to help constituents
Position Qualifications/Education
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public
service and familiarity with Orange County is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline
Salary range is $49,000-$57,000. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to
Stephanie Hu, District Director, Office of Congresswoman
Steel Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-575-22

Senior Legislative Assistant: Congressman Mark DeSaulnier (D-CA), member
of the Education and Labor Committee and Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee, seeks a Senior Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse legislative
portfolio including committee work.
Duties include identifying and advancing policy proposals, committee hearing
and mark-up preparation and staffing, building relationships with district and
Page 7 of 15

federal stakeholders and advocacy organizations as well as agency and
congressional staff, briefing the Congressman and drafting legislative memos,
policy background, and constituent correspondence. Title is negotiable based on
candidate’s experience.
Ideal candidate will be a strategic, detail-oriented thinker with experience
formulating and advancing legislation. Successful applicants will have excellent
organizational, research, writing, and communication skills, and have working
knowledge of House processes and procedures.
Candidates should possess the ability to concisely communicate and have strong
time management skills and a willingness to work in a team environment.
Knowledge of California a plus. This is not an entry level position -- prior
legislative experience on Capitol Hill is preferred.
Office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation. Candidates from
diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should send resume and cover letter
to DeSaulnierResumes@gmail.com.
MEM-572-22

Congresswoman Susan Wild (D-PA) seeks a Legislative Director to oversee her
legislative team and a fast-paced policy agenda.
This is not an entry-level position and previous policy and Capitol Hill
experience is required. The person in this role will very likely have a legislative
portfolio as well as be responsible for managing the legislative team and
potentially other staff.
Required Experience and Qualifications
•Is a leader with strong inter-personal skills who thrives in a collaborative teamfirst environment;
•Works quickly under pressure and manages time efficiently;
•Is creative and has an entrepreneurial spirit;
•Possesses strong written and verbal communications skills;
•5+ years of congressional, policy, or political experience (Capitol Hill
experience required);
•Domestic policy experience – health care policy experience a plus;
•Existing relationships and experience working with federal agencies; and
•Knowledge of or ties to Pennsylvania a plus.
Responsibilities
•Develop a legislative strategy in close consultation with the Member and Chief
of Staff;
•Manages a legislative team of 3-4 staff;
Page 8 of 15

•Works closely with the communications team and helps influence the successful
messaging of legislative issues;
•Coordinates the preparation of legislative and policy memos and committee
hearings;
•Handles a portfolio of legislative issues, which may be tailored to the
candidate’s expertise;
•Occasionally assists with the creation and execution of events in the District and
in DC;
•Regularly monitors activity on the House Floor and the Member’s committees;
•Builds relationships with district and national stakeholders and advocacy
organizations; and
•Takes constituent and advocacy group meetings regularly.
TO APPLY: Email a cover letter and resume to repwildjobs@gmail.com with the
subject line, “Legislative Director”.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to
apply.
MEM-566-22

Legislative Assistant
Senior Democratic member of the House Science, Space, and Technology
Committee seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle the office’s SST committee
portfolio.
Ideal candidates will have previous congressional experience and a strong
understanding of the legislative process. Excellent writing skills, attention to
detail, and the ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment are required.
Some key responsibilities of the position include:
• staffing and preparing the member for hearings, markups, and relevant briefings
• writing legislative memos, talking points and floor statements
• drafting legislation, agency letters, and supporting materials
• working with the committee staff and stakeholders to advance the member’s
priorities
• representing the member in meetings and other engagements with constituents,
stakeholders, and state/federal government agencies
This is not an entry level-position. Additional legislative responsibilities will be
assigned based on a candidate’s experience/interest and office needs. This office
is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual
orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates from
diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 9 of 15

Please submit a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample in a single PDF
document to ca07jobs@gmail.com with “SST Legislative Assistant - DC” in the
subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-560-22

Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (D-IL), a member of the House Permanent
Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Oversight Committee (Chairman
of the Subcommittee on Economic and Consumer Policy and Member of the
Coronavirus Subcommittee) seeks a hardworking Legislative Director to oversee
his policy team and legislative agenda.
This is not an entry-level position and previous policy and Capitol Hill
experience is required. The person in this role will also have a legislative
portfolio of domestic policy issues, including workforce development, tax,
finance, small business, and labor.
Required Experience and Qualifications
• Works quickly under pressure and manages time efficiently
• Is creative and has an entrepreneurial spirit
• Possesses strong written and verbal communications skills
• 5+ years of congressional, policy, or political experience (Capitol Hill
experience strongly preferred)
• Policy experience in domestic policy issues a plus
• Knowledge of or ties to Illinois a plus
Responsibilities
• Develop a legislative strategy in close consultation with the Member and Chief
of Staff
• Manages a legislative team of 4-5 staff
• Works closely with the communications team and helps influence the successful
messaging of legislative issues
• Coordinates the preparation of legislative and policy memos, hearings, and
Town Halls
• Handles a portfolio of legislative issues, which may be tailored to the
candidate’s expertise
• Occasionally assists with the creation and execution of events in the District and
in DC
• Regularly monitors activity on the House Floor and the Member’s committees
• Builds relationships with district and national stakeholders and advocacy
organizations
• Takes constituent and advocacy group meetings as necessary
TO APPLY: Email a cover letter and resume to il08careers@gmail.com with the
subline, “Legislative Director: [Your Full Name]”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
Page 10 of 15

expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to
apply.
MEM-555-22

Congressman Dan Kildee seeks a full-time legislative assistant in Washington,
D.C.
The legislative assistant will primarily handle health care and Social Security for
an active Member of the Ways and Means Committee and House Democratic
Leadership, along with other legislative issues including veterans.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging and include preparing for and staffing
committee hearings, drafting legislation and amendments, writing talking points
and memorandums, and interacting with key constituent groups and stakeholders.
Applicants should have a demonstrated passion for health care policy and
Congress.
Applicants must be willing to work on a team, bring an entrepreneurial spirit to a
fast-paced office, previously demonstrated pro-active initiative, and possess a
desire to continually learn. Applicants must work well under pressure, have
excellent written and oral communication skills and demonstrate leadership
capabilities. The position requires strategic thinking and the ability to work
independently as well as within a team.
This is not an entry-level position. A minimum of two to three years of
experience is required. Applicants with Michigan or Midwest ties are a plus.
Compensation is commensurate with experience.
This office is an equal opportunity employer, committed to developing an
organization that is reflective of the district that we serve. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and a writing sample
to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-554-22

Representative Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks Communications Director for a
frontline office. This position is responsible for guiding Rep. Levin’s
communications operation, formulating and delivering his message, and
managing a second communications staffer.
Key tasks include:
•Managing local and national press relationships
•Considering newsworthy actions by the Member that should be pitched to local
press and executing pitches to strategically chosen reporters
•Responding to all press inquiries and interview requests in a timely manner
Page 11 of 15

•Scheduling print and television interviews for Rep. Levin
•Drafting and sending press releases on Rep. Levin’s actions, priorities, and the
issues of the day
•Formulating weekly and long-term communications plans
•Overseeing social media post development
•Updating the Member’s website with press releases, issue pages, and more
•Managing a comprehensive franked mail program
•Leading the development process of talking points for the Member’s speeches,
interviews, and events in both DC and California
•Authoring, pitching, and publishing op-eds
•Closely monitoring the news and flagging relevant press and clips for Rep.
Levin
Key skills and knowledge include:
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Capacity to create strong content on short notice
•Creative communications instincts
•Strong, independent judgment and discretion
•Thorough knowledge of social media accounts and tools including basic graphic
design
•Knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and procedures
•Knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and a list
of three references to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees
and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-550-22

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public.
The Policy Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
Page 12 of 15

• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player. This is
not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-548-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai’i - 01) is seeking a Staff Assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities run the range of assisting the legislative, constituent services and
administrative functions of the office, to include: monitoring, processing and
responding to constituent mail and other communications, managing constituent
tours and other needs, and coordinating DC and district office issues. As needed
and depending on capability, the position also encompasses legislative duties.
Direct report is to the Chief of Staff although the Congressman is routinely
involved in all aspects of his office operations.
Strong preference given to (1) prior Capitol Hill experience and (2) Hawai’i
background, and applicants are asked to detail these attributes. The position also
requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work
independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills,
and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “DC Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

Page 13 of 15

MEM-547-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a community-minded
individual with strong Hawai‘i roots to serve as Constituent Services Assistant
for his Honolulu office.
The ideal candidate has diverse experience working in the community to address
a wide range of statewide and local issues with a strong track record of advocacy
for the people of Hawai‘i. The position is responsible for assisting the
Congressman to address requests for assistance from individual constituents and
organizations, primarily but not exclusively with a wide range of federal
government programs and activities.
Duties include but are not limited to dealing directly with constituents and federal
state and local agencies and organizations. The position also includes interaction
with the Congressman’s D.C. office on related legislative and administrative
matters, as well as representing the Congressman at community events, such as
neighborhood board meetings, and otherwise assisting with the range of activities
in the Congressman’s office. Direct report to the Deputy Chief of Staff in the
Honolulu office. Although the position may also interact directly with the
Congressman and his Washington, D.C. office from time to time. The ideal
candidate is an individual who is seeking to live and work in the community that
this position is designed to serve.
Strong preference given to: (1) prior experience especially in comparable duties
including customer service or social work; (2) Hawai‘i background/community
involvement; (3) experience evaluating, synthesizing and articulating issues in a
thoughtful and respectful manner in support of constituents’ needs and the
Congressman’s initiatives; and (4) extensive knowledge of a broad range of
community resources and services from which to draw on when addressing
constituent requests. Applicants are asked to detail these attributes in their cover
letter and resume.
The position also requires an interest in government and in assisting others,
initiative, interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and
effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve problems, orientation to
detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and long and
sometimes unpredictable hours.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Constituent Services
Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-546-22

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced and well-organized Scheduler for the Representative’s Washington,
D.C. office.

Page 14 of 15

Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
● Developing, coordinating, and managing all aspects of the Representative’s
daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the district, as well as tracking,
evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests;
● Coordinating all travel for the Representative and her staff and other logistical
support tasks as required;
● Working closely with and supporting the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of
Staff/District Director, Legislative Director and Communications Director to
ensure smooth daily schedules and operations.
The ideal candidate will be:
● Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
● A hard worker with excellent attention to detail;
● Adept at juggling complex schedules, competing priorities;
● Able to anticipate problems, seek solutions, and effectively communicate them
to the Representative and her staff;
● Able to work long hours, including some nights and weekends;
● Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and
references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-543-22

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas), Chair of the Ways & Means Health
Subcommittee seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant to assist with his
health care work and other to be determined issues.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Hill or other policy or
political experience strongly preferred, as well as a law or graduate degree. Texas
ties a plus.
Send cover letter, resume, brief writing sample, and three work supervisor
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use this title on your email:
“Experienced LA Applicant” -- No drop-ins please.

Page 15 of 15

