House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 23, 2014
MEM-207-14

Job Opening: Staff Assistant
Duties Include:
As the primary administrative staff member in the District Office, Staff
Assistant duties include (but are not limited to): answer phones; handle mail
and faxes; greet and direct visitors; maintain order & efficiency of front and
back offices; order supplies; organize office files; coordinate with the Capitol
Office to arrange tour and flag requests; coordinate vendor service needs;
research the status of some legislation; draft some correspondence; assist the
District Director and all District Office staff with additional tasks, as needed.
In the absence of the District Scheduler, the staff assistant will serve as backup and help facilitate any scheduling requests.
Casework duties include (but are not limited to): Assist constituents with their
individual cases pertaining to federal agencies. Help constituents to obtain
timely consideration and cut through red tape. As the “front-line” caseworker,
help constituents with nonfederal questions to find appropriate resources.
Page 1 of 3

Experience Required:
Prefer some experience working directly with the community. Solid
interpersonal, writing and organizational skills are essential. The successful
applicant will be a team player, have a positive attitude and the ability to work
and set priorities in a fast-paced environment. Spanish language skills
considered a plus.
To Apply:
Please fax or email cover letter and resume to:
Office of Congressman Xavier Becerra
350 S. Bixel Street, Suite 100
Los Angeles, CA 90017
Fax: (213) 481-1427
Email: Resume.California@mail.house.gov
MEM-196-14

Senior Legislative Assistant: Texas Democrat seeks a hard-working and
experienced legislative staffer to handle the healthcare and energy portfolio,
along with other legislative areas. A bachelor’s degree with at least 4 years
of legislative experience on the Hill is required. Potential candidates should
have excellent writing and verbal skills coupled with some knowledge of
social media. The ideal candidate will have experience working under
pressure, working as part of a team, a sense of humor and the ability to work
flexible hours. Experience with iConstituent is a plus, but not required. Please
send
cover
letter,
resume
and
a
writing
sample
to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-194-14

Staff Assistant—Southern conservative Republican seeks a Staff Assistant to
handle a wide range of office responsibilities and constituent services in the
Washington office. Primary responsibilities for this position include (1)
answering the main telephone line for the office, (2) processing flag requests,
(3) arranging tours of the Capitol, (4) preparing the office for daily activities,
and (5) drafting personal notes and letters of commendation to constituents.
Other responsibilities may be assigned. Because the Member places a special
emphasis on constituent services, candidates must be able to maintain a
courteous and respectful demeanor at all times and possess a true desire to help
constituents. Competitive candidates will be confident and well-spoken, have
excellent oral and written communication skills, possess an acute attention to
detail, demonstrate an assertive and organized approach to problem solving,
and exhibit an ability to multi-task in a fast paced work environment. Though
duties are largely administrative in nature, the Staff Assistant should have a
personal interest in current events and Congressional activities, and should be
fully engaged in all aspects of the day-to-day operations of the office.
Additionally, the daily work hours for this position are 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.
Completion of a four-year college education is required. Prior work experience
is preferred. Southern ties are a significant plus. Interested individuals should
Page 2 of 3

send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
congressjob@gmail.com.
MEM-190-14

Communications Director: Senior Democrat seeks a communications
director experienced in all aspects of public relations and social media, who is
also organized, energetic and creative to be based in D.C. congressional office
to handle all communications strategy and media operations for an unusually
busy office. This is a very fast-paced office where the communications
director writes press releases; help the member with social media; pitches
stories; responds to reporters’ inquiries; oversees website content; develops
and maintains relationships with local and national media; organizes media
events; and produces newsletters and e-newsletters. Occasional help on press
releases is sometimes available from legislative staff. Excellent research,
writing and social media skills are essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will develop and implement a
communications plan, think outside the box and possess the political savvy
needed to anticipate big news stories and to proactively promote the Member’s
message. At least three years of prior media and/or Hill experience and
demonstrated experience with both mainstream and new media outlets is
preferred. This is NOT an entry level communications position. Candidate
must be a DC resident or be willing to become a resident of the District of
Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to(202) 225-1129 (fax) or
DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov . NO PHONE CALLS, PLEASE! If
you have questions, please email them to
dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled.

MEM-189-14

Scheduler –Republican seeking Scheduler for Capitol Hill office. Candidate
must have experience on the Hill or in private sector, be highly organized;
possesses strong people skills with exceptional attention to detail and be
comfortable working in a demanding and fast paced
environment. Responsibilities include but not limited to: process all scheduling
requests, invitations and events for Member’s calendar; respond to all
invitations by written email correspondence or by personal telephone call;
maintain office contact lists; make travel arrangements; handle Member
correspondence; ensure the Member is provided with briefing materials for
each event by coordinating with event participants and the appropriate
legislative and/or district staff; and assist with other duties as assigned. Salary
commensurate with experience. Email resume and cover letter to with
“Scheduler” in the subject line to PA.Resumes@mail.house.gov.
Page 3 of 3

