House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 7, 2019

MEM-487-19

Virginia Congressional Office is seeking a highly organized, motivated,
customer service-oriented individual for the position of Constituent Services
Representative in the Danville district office. The primary responsibilities
would include assisting constituents with issues involving federal agencies,
attending meetings and events with and on behalf of the representative, and
general office duties.
Candidates must have excellent writing, communications and time
management skills; possess patience; sharp attention to details; and able to
work in a fast-paced environment. Bachelor’s degree and work experience in
casework, public service or social work is preferred.
Please send resume and cover letter with salary requirements to
varepdistrictoffice@gmail.com.

MEM-483-19

New York Democrat seeks an Operations Manager/Executive Assistant for
their district office. Responsibilities include managing the Member’s
schedule, travel plans and related events in the district. Duties also include
managing the internship program and other office operations including office
equipment and supplies, required reporting, and assisting with personnel
tracking, as well as fielding requests of the Member with staff and the public.
Page 1 of 17

This is an entry to mid-level position in a fast-paced office that frequently
requires non-traditional work hours. Qualified applicants should have prior
professional office experience. The Operations Manager/Executive Assistant
will report to the Chief of Staff and District Director. Ties to Brooklyn and
fluency in Arabic are a plus. This position is based in the local Brooklyn, NY
office.
This is a permanent, full-time position. Qualified applicants should send a
cover letter, and resume to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please place
OPERATIONS MANAGER/EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT in the subject line.
NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
MEM-482-19

House Committee Democrats seek an economic policy staffer to manage a
broad policy portfolio including, tax, retirement, immigration, and other
economic issues. Core responsibilities include developing legislation,
planning events on key policy priorities, coordinating hearings, staffing
Member, and drafting reports. Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a
must. Prior Hill, federal agency, private sector, or policy think tank
experience is preferred. An advanced degree is a plus.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-480-19

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative counsel to join our Washington, DC-based policy
team.
The legislative counsel will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will
be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.

Page 2 of 17

To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative counsel applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
MEM-479-19

Constituent Services Representative - Congresswoman Lauren Underwood
seeks a full-time Constituent Services Representative to serve as a federal
problem solver in 14th Congressional District of Illinois. In this role, you will
serve as a representative of the Office of the Congresswoman by acting as a
liaison between the community and federal agencies to help constituents
resolve matters (“casework”) they have before federal agencies.
In managing constituent casework, you will help residents of the IL-14
resolve primarily immigration-related issues (e.g. visa and passport
processing) with federal agencies including the U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services and the Department of State. The role could also
include casework related to Social Security benefits, Medicare benefits,
Veterans benefits, postal issues, and others. This role requires investigation,
intervention, facilitation, follow-up, and creative problem-solving.
This role requires conducting significant outreach throughout the IL-14 by
hosting meetings in our office and throughout the District and representing
the Office at community meetings. The role also requires community event
planning and staffing the Congresswoman.
In serving as a Constituent Services Representative, you will work with local
stakeholders, including community organizations and local and state
governments, to identify and understand opportunities for Federal resources
and legislation to advance the interest of people in the IL-14 Congressional
District.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate must be a skilled
listener and communicator, self-motivated and assertive, detail-oriented and
organized, and a creative problem solver. Experience in social work, legal
services, project management, customer service/hospitality, or claims
processing are transferable to this role.
The position is based out of the Congresswoman’s Woodstock office or will
include rotations between the Congresswoman’s Woodstock and West
Chicago offices.
Women and people of color are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.

Page 3 of 17

To apply for the position, please send a cover letter and resume to
Illinois14.DistrictJobs@gmail.com with “Constituent Services
Representative” in the subject line. This is NOT an entry-level position. No
phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-477-19

The Office of Rep. Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking candidates for the
Legislative Correspondent position in our office. The LC is responsible for
managing an active mail program and hiring and supervising the interns who
manage the front office.
The successful candidate will be extremely organized, an excellent writer and
editor, a self-starter, dependable and someone who is able to work
collaboratively as part of a close-knit team. The primary responsibilities are
managing the constituent mail program by sorting and batching incoming
correspondence, drafting and editing letters, managing the letter approval
process, maintaining and utilizing the mail databases, and ensuring the office
maintains a short mail turnaround time. The LC is also responsible for hiring
and supervising the interns, who manage the front office, handle tours and
flags, answer the phones and greet visitors.
The ideal candidate will have ties to the Inland Empire, Spanish language
skills, and previous Congressional experience. The salary range for the
position is $40,000 to $45,000 a year plus student loan repayment and transit
benefits. Our office also offers compensation time in addition to paid vacation
and sick leave.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Please submit your application using this
form https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScPqypjFt_4gsZww_nVvVYL_cMxGDhRr0jke0FjejNqwGrGQ/viewform
and email a copy of your resume and cover letter using the directions included
in the form. If you have any questions please call our office at (202) 2253201.

MEM-474-19

Energy Professional Staff or Counsel – The Committee on Energy and
Commerce Majority is seeking a professional staff member or counsel to
focus on energy issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction.
Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, preparing hearings, and
coordinating with stakeholders and member offices. Ideal candidates will
have a demonstrated interest in and understanding of energy policy issues,
Page 4 of 17

and some public policy experience. Knowledge of energy efficiency policy is
particularly helpful, but not necessary.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to
ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer.
Diverse candidates, women, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-473-19

The Office of Congressman Harley Rouda (CA-48) is seeking a Press/Digital
Assistant.
Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing, and social media skills,
as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing software. One to
two years of experience in a press or digital media role (including internships)
preferred. California ties are a plus!
This position requires the ability to thrive under pressure, multi-task, and
work in a team environment.
Responsibilities include:
•Drafting social posts + press releases
•Compiling daily press clips
•Assisting with speech-writing
•Maintaining/updating website
•Designing graphics + editing photos/videos
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and a short writing
sample/portfolio to ca48resumes@gmail.com with "Press/Digital Assistant"
in the subject line.

MEM-471-19

CHIEF OF STAFF POSITION
Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D.
SUMMARY:
The Chief of Staff acts as the Member's chief policy advisor. This position
develops and implements all policy objectives, strategies and operating plans
for the Member's offices and manages and directs all activities and staff of the
Member's Washington D.C. and district office(s), as well as coordinates the
activities of the Member with Leadership and committee office(s).
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Supervisory: Directly supervises up to eighteen full time employees and up
to four part-time and temporary employees; carries out responsibilities in
accordance with office policy and applicable laws. Responsibilities include
interviewing, hiring and training employees; planning, assigning and directing
work; appraising performances; rewarding and disciplining employees;
addressing complaints; and resolving problems;

Page 5 of 17

•Manages the Washington, D.C. Office and work with District Director on all
projects with the Member;
•Sets and oversees the administration of office goals, policies and procedures
and has oversight responsibility for all personnel matters including hiring,
salary, and disciplinary decisions;
•Manages long-term legislative plan of the Member;
•Manage and coordinate all staff activities for completion;
•Delegate tasks to staff for timely completion;
•Coordinates and supervises the efforts of all employees including the press
and constituent service staffs;
•Conducts staff meetings;
•Approves strategies and tactics on legislative issues;
•Acts as the Member's principal liaison and responds to office visits and
telephone inquiries from constituents and various interest groups;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and
constituents;
•Speaks to local groups when the Member is unavailable;
•Oversees the office budget;
•Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress;
•Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
•Performs other duties as assigned by the Member.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A minimum of a bachelor’s degree in political science or related field,
including strong academic credentials is preferred. Alternatively, five years of
related experience or training in management and/or legislation or equivalent
experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Thorough knowledge of the Members' Congressional Handbook and House
Rules;
•An understanding of the district and federal political process;
•Provides necessary organization, supervisory leadership, and motivation to
manage a House office;
•Ability to perform essential job functions above;
•Ability to maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman,
staff and constituents;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Excellent oral and written communication skills;
Page 6 of 17

•Knowledge of the office policies, practices, and procedures;
•Knowledge of office computer applications; and
•Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate; and
•Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
TO APPLY: e-mail a cover letter, detailed resume and the name, address, and
phone number of three references to: NC12.cos@mail.house.gov
Your cover letter should answer the following questions:
1. Describe how your experience prepares you for the “responsibilities”
specified in the job announcement.
2. Give examples of your work experience that demonstrates your mastery of
some of the “skills and abilities” listed in the job announcement.
3. Describe how your work experience meets the “preferred experience” listed
in the job announcement.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: October 18, 2019
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and
minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-470-19

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR:
Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D.
SUMMARY:
The Communications Director is a key member of the management team that
includes the Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and the District Director.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Successful candidates will have superb written and verbal communication
skills, be comfortable multi-tasking, have excellent attention to detail, and
work well under pressure.
•Primary responsibilities include (but not limited to) managing press releases,
speeches, op-eds, and letters to the editor, and other written material for the
Member, managing an active social media presence, managing e-newsletters,
and graphic design.
•The Communications Director will work closely with the Press Assistant and
other press team members to finalize press/communication products and
strategy.
Page 7 of 17

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
•A minimum of a bachelor’s degree in journalism, communications, public
relations, or related field;
•Strong academic credentials are preferred;
•Two years of journalism, communications, and/ or public relations
experience;
•Understanding of legislative process and of the nuances between broad
messaging and individual member needs; and
•Must have had primary responsibility for creating and executing a media
strategy or public relations plan - preferably in public policy arena.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Communicate clearly and concisely to a variety of audience;
•Work effectively with a diverse group of elected officials, staff, journalists,
stakeholders and other constituents;
•Demonstrate an understanding of the role of new media and be able to
coordinate multi-media message delivery;
•Shape diverse political views into a coherent overall message;
•Demonstrate a sense of humor;
•Create a positive, supportive work environment; and
•Make decisions in a fast-paced environment with tight deadlines.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Candidate must be available nights and weekends as situations require;
•Noise levels are usually moderate; and
•Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
TO APPLY:
E-mail a cover letter, detailed resume, and the name, address, and phone
number of three references to NC12.COS@mail.house.gov
APPLICATION DEADLINE: October 14, 2019
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and
minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-469-19

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes seeks a Legislative Correspondent to oversee
her constituent mail program. Ideal candidates will have excellent written and
verbal communication skills; strong organizational and time management
skills; positive attitude and disposition suited to the work environment; solid
knowledge of the legislative process; and an ability to work under pressure
and meet deadlines in an fast-paced work environment. Applicants should
Page 8 of 17

have experience with Intranet Quorum (IQ). Duties include:
oAnswer constituent letters, including any research necessary to formulate an
adequate response to the letters
oDevelop and maintain a collection of prepared text for use in responding to
constituent mail
oDraft form letters to respond to a large number of letters on the same issue
oConsult with the Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants to keep the
form letters up to date
oSupervise the printing and proofreading of form letters
oDraft responses to constituent mail that cannot be answered with a form
letter
oWrite and disseminate office newsletter (at least once per week)
oPrepare weekly reports to the Congresswoman and staff that provide an
update on the mail program and identify emerging trends
Connecticut ties are a plus, but not required. Women and minority candidates
are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested parties should e-mail a cover
letter, resume and two writing samples in a single PDF to
CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: First name Last
Name - Legislative Correspondent. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-467-19

Representative Abigail Spanberger seeks a driven, hardworking, and engaged
individual to serve as a District Coordinator in her Glen Allen, Virginia
district office. The District Coordinator is responsible for handling constituent
casework by answering constituent correspondence, meeting with
constituents, and liaising with federal agencies. Additional duties include
representing Congresswoman Spanberger in the community, maintaining
positive relationships with constituents, and effectively communicating with
local community leaders and organizations.
Qualified applicants must be able to work courteously and cooperatively with
others, understand the needs of VA-07, work efficiently in a high-pressure
environment while juggling multiple tasks, and have strong writing and
organizational skills.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to:
Karen Mask, District Director, Karen.Mask@mail.house.gov with “District
Coordinator” in the subject line.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The
office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information,
disability, or uniformed service.

MEM-466-19

Congressman Greg Pence is seeking an experienced Press Secretary to
implement a strategic media plan in a fast-paced and collaborative
Page 9 of 17

environment. Candidates should have excellent written and oral
communication skills, and expertise with various media tools, including:
social media, video creation, website, e-newsletters and surveys, talking
point/speechwriting, press releases, on-the-record experience and interview
prep, and op-ed preparation.
This is not an entry level position. Qualified applicants should send their
resume, cover letter, and references to gopresumesubmission@gmail.com.
MEM-464-19

WASHINGTON PRESS SECRETARY – Northeast Democrat seeks Press
Secretary to work under District-based Communications Director and D.C.
Chief of Staff to run Capitol Hill press operations, including working closely
with Member’s legislative staff, DPCC and other leadership staff, committee
press staff, and national TV news reporters and producers. Position includes
co-management of the Member’s website, social media pages, newsletters, biweekly e-news updates, and other constituent outreach. Excellent research
and writing skills required. Salary: $42,000.
Send cover letter and resume to democratic.hilljob@gmail.com. Minority,
LGBTQ, and women candidates are encouraged to apply. No phone calls will
be accepted.

MEM-462-19

The Office of the Law Revision Counsel—a small, nonpartisan office within
the U.S. House of Representatives—seeks an attorney to assist in the editing
and publishing of the United States Code, the codification of general and
permanent Federal statutory law.
The editorial work needed to maintain the U.S. Code involves a number of
tasks, including:
•reading new laws to determine which provisions should appear in the Code
and where,
•updating the Code to reflect new law and amendments to existing law,
•writing concise editorial notes to explain amendments, effective dates,
references within the text to other laws, and a variety of other legislative
concepts,
•preparing statutory citations and tables, and
•identifying errors in grammar and spelling—
•all while conforming to very strict style guidelines.
In addition to the basic tasks required to integrate new laws into the Code,
other duties may be required, such as reviewing drafts of bills to enact titles as
positive law, doing extensive research and editorial work to improve the
organization of existing provisions in the Code, and assisting in the
continuing modernization of the Office, including support of online and
machine readable versions of the Code.

Page 10 of 17

Qualifications
•J.D. degree and attorney license in any U.S. jurisdiction or intention to obtain
license within one year.
•At least one year of professional experience in editing or publishing,
preferably in the legal field.
•Meticulous attention to detail and dedication to accuracy.
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
•Absolute proficiency in grammar, spelling, and usage.
•Ability to analyze and summarize complex legal issues.
•Ability to identify issues affecting Federal statutes and explain them clearly
and concisely within firmly established parameters.
Other conditions to note:
Familiarity with Federal or State statutory law is highly desirable.
This position is better suited to someone able to engage in extended periods of
solitary work, often involving tedious and repetitive tasks.
The ability to adhere to, and function comfortably within, established styles
and practices is essential.
Please be aware that this is a long-term career position with the Office, not a
stepping stone to another position within Congress or the Federal
Government.
Applicant Instructions
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter with salary
requirements to:
uscodeapplicant@mail.house.gov
Applicants will be evaluated based on the ability to meet the qualifications
stated above. Significant weight will be given to the applicant's cover letter. If
chosen for an interview, an applicant will be requested to submit a writing
sample.
MEM-458-19

Member of Congress seeks an energetic and self-motivated individual to serve
as a District Representative in an active Congressional district office. Duties
include representing the Member of Congress in the community, maintaining
positive relationships with constituents, other local elected officials, and
business and community leaders and organizations. Additionally, this
individual is responsible for handling constituent casework in their assigned
issue areas, which includes answering casework correspondence, meeting
with constituents, communicating with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal and local agencies.
Candidates must be able to work quickly in a high pressure environment,
meet very tight deadlines, and have exceptional writing and organizational
skills. Fluency in Spanish and Southern California ties are a plus but not

Page 11 of 17

required. Must be available, as necessary, to work evenings and/or weekend
hours.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to: Nina
Moussavi, District Director, Nina.Moussavi@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will
receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion,
sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or
protected veteran status.
MEM-457-19

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on
Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure
office. The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for
reviewing financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume
of financial disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress
and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and
written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members
of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates
must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive
matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the
following areas is desirable: government ethics, ethics counseling,
accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation, corporate finance,
and securities law.
Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and
short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase
“FD Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-456-19

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a high-energy, highlyorganized, and detail-oriented District Staff Member for his offices in
Gaithersburg and Frederick, MD.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
●Serve as the official representative for the Member in the community.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships
for the Member.
●Monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
issues of importance.
●Staff and provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and
events for the Member.
●Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
Page 12 of 17

legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
●Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
●Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
●Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
●Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
●Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
●Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
●Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
●Strong oral and written communication skills.
●Thorough knowledge of legislative process.
●Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
●Maryland ties are a plus.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to md06.jobs@gmail.com
with “District Staff” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk ins.
MEM-451-19

The House Judiciary Committee Democratic Staff seeks a Parliamentarian
to advise the Chairman during Judiciary Committee proceedings.
Responsibilities include assisting in all aspects of preparation for Committee
hearings and markups; staffing hearings and serving as a resource to all
Members of the Committee; ensuring all legislative materials for markups and
floor consideration are properly prepared and comply with House rules and
procedures; and working closely with the Chief Clerk to ensure all notice
deadlines and reporting requirements are met.
Qualified candidates must have a detailed understanding of House rules and
procedures; excellent written and oral communication skills; exceptional
organizational skills; a proven ability to perform under pressure; and sound
judgment.
The Judiciary Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff,
and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Qualified
candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and writing sample to
Job.Jdem@mail.house.gov. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-450-19

Deputy Press Secretary-The House Judiciary Committee Democratic Staff
seeks a motivated and hardworking communications professional to join a
fast-paced communications team to help manage communications for the full
committee and subcommittees.

Page 13 of 17

Responsibilities include drafting communications materials (news releases,
statements, talking points, etc.); managing public notices for the Committee
and Subcommittee’s work, helping with press inquiries; maintaining media
directories of reporters who cover the committee; and coordinating with the
Committee’s communications team and staff of committee members.
Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral communication
skills; the ability to comprehend and summarize complex legislation quickly;
a proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks; and
sound political judgment. Candidates should have at least 2 years of relevant
experience. Prior Hill or campaign experience, as well as familiarity with
immigration issues is preferred.
The Judiciary Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff,
and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Qualified
candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and three writing samples to
Job.Jdem@mail.house.gov. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-448-19

Lead Orange County District Representative for California’s 49th
Congressional District
Description: The staffer in this position is responsible for running the
Congressman’s Orange County office and leading all Orange County efforts
for the district. Among other duties, this team member represents the Member
of Congress during local meetings and events and acts as a liaison between
the Member of Congress and his constituents and federal, district, and local
agencies. Responsibilities include: constituent casework; planning and
staffing in-district events, meetings, and site visits; and working closely with
the Oceanside District Office and Washington, DC staff on local and assigned
policy issues and areas.
Qualifications: Applicants should have a thorough knowledge of California’s
49th district (particularly the Orange County portion), a positive, serviceoriented attitude, strong organizational skills, proficiency at prioritizing and
managing multiple projects at one time, a capacity to work both
independently and as part of a team, and strong written and oral
communications. Preference may be given to residents of the 49th District.
We are an equal opportunity employer and encourage all qualified applicants
to apply, including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA
community.
To Apply: Please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
ca49.applications@mail.house.gov

Page 14 of 17

MEM-444-19

The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a district based Field
Representative/Caseworker in Honolulu, HI with strong organizational and
communication skills.
Responsibilities include helping constituents navigate the services provided
by the federal government when they need assistance. This position manages
constituent casework, participates in community projects and events.
Responsibilities also include monitoring and updating the Congresswoman
and Chief of Staff on district and local issues. This person acts as a liaison to
community groups for the local Hawaii office.
We are seeking applicants to join our fun, team-oriented, hard-working office.
The ideal candidate will possess a can-do attitude and will be solutions
oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter and will
possess the capacity to produce high quality work on short deadlines. He or
she will also have a demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with
colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work environment.
This is not an entry level position. The selected applicant with be expected to
operate in a fast-paced office and requires dedication, close attention to detail
and the ability to think outside the box. Non-traditional work hours,
occasional travel are required. Veteran applications are welcome!
Please do not call or drop in to the office, qualified applicants may email a
cover letter, resume and two writing samples with “Caseworker” in the email
title to: hi02jobs@gmail.com

MEM-437-19

The Office of Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA34) seeks an organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant and Driver for the Washington DC
office. Responsibilities include: managing the front office, coordinating tour
and flag requests, managing DC internship program, driving the Congressman
to and from events, and providing additional office support as needed. While
this is an entry-level position, candidates should have excellent oral and
written communication skills, great attention to detail, strong time
management skills, and an ability to work under pressure to meet tight
deadlines. A valid driver’s license, daily access to an automobile and a good
driving record are a necessity.
Please send resume and two writing samples to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov
with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please. Equal
Employment Opportunity Employer.

MEM-436-19

The Office of Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA34) seeks an organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for the Los Angeles office.
Responsibilities include: managing the front office, coordinating tour and flag
requests, managing LA internship program, and providing additional office
Page 15 of 17

support as needed. While this is an entry-level position, candidates should
have excellent oral and written communication skills, great attention to detail,
strong time management skills, and an ability to work under pressure to meet
tight deadlines.
Please send resume and two writing samples to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov
with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please. Equal
Employment Opportunity Employer.
MEM-435-19

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07),
Co-Chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, seeks an experienced and
enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover her work on the House Judiciary
Committee, including immigration, constitutional issues, criminal justice, and
civil rights and civil liberties. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of
experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House
procedures and a deep understanding of immigration policy. This is not an
entry level position. Candidates with graduate training in law, public policy,
or social science are preferred.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements
and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color, new
Americans, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of
other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State
and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
and references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible
schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.

Page 16 of 17

Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 17 of 17

