House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 29, 2015
MEM-155-15

California Republican seeks Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse
portfolio of issues.
Duties will include tracking legislation and other developments to brief the
Member on floor votes and pending legislative matters, developing and
implementing policy initiatives in line with office goals, meeting with
constituents and other interest groups, and coordinating with DC and district
staff regarding legislation, messaging, and events. Qualified candidates must
be proactive and hard working with exceptional writing and communication
skills and the ability to work effectively in a fast paced environment.
Legislative experience required. Knowledge of the Appropriations process
and California ties are a plus.
Please email resume and cover letter to carepublicanjobs@gmail.com.

Page 1 of 8

MEM-153-15

Established Member of Congress from the southeastern US seeks an
experienced staffer for a Legislative Director position. Only
current/previous Legislative Directors or Senior Legislative Assistants with
experience will be considered. LD will be responsible for driving member
legislative initiatives, briefing the member on all policy matters, meeting with
relevant public interest groups and constituents, providing real time vote
recommendations, and assisting the Chief of Staff on policy matters.
Position requires a comprehensive knowledge of House procedures as well as
a working knowledge of all current issues debated in the House. Teamoriented skill, outgoing personality, and attention to detail are requirements
and staff members with ties to the southeast will be given special
consideration.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and salary requirements to
USHouseStaffJob@gmail.com.

MEM-151-15

House Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse portfolio of
policy issues with a primary focus on legislation before the Transportation
and Infrastructure Committee. Responsibilities include developing and
advancing legislative initiatives, preparing briefing materials, drafting
constituent correspondence and floor statements, coordinating with the
communications team and district staff on messaging and events, as well as
building and maintaining stakeholder relationships. Candidate must be a
strong and effective writer with excellent verbal communication skills. Good
judgment and the ability to be proactive, resourceful and thrive in a fast-paced
environment are essential. Previous congressional experience is
required. This is not an entry level position. Candidates should have a
demonstrable background in transportation policy. Email resume and cover
letter to hire@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-148-15

The Office of Representative Justin Amash is seeking a bright, creative, and
hard-working legislative assistant to join our Washington, D.C.-based policy
team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The legislative
assistant will be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues, which
can be tailored somewhat to the staffer’s expertise and interests.
The successful candidate will demonstrate a strong commitment to individual
liberty, economic freedom, and the defense of the Constitution. He or she also
must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most
serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. Candidates who
prefer staid and steady work or who avoid challenges (and the occasional
failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Page 2 of 8

Candidates must have a B.A. or equivalent, and we prefer candidates who
have a background in economics and some policy experience, although Hill
experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé and cover letter to mi03.apply@gmail.com.
MEM-147-15

A North Carolina Democrat seeks a scheduler to serve in her Washington,
D.C. office. Responsibilities include but are not limited to managing the
Member’s D.C. calendar, District calendar, coordinating logistics and travel
arrangements, and overseeing administrative work for the Member. Must be
highly organized, detail oriented, self-motivated, have the ability to adapt to
changing circumstances, creatively solve problems and be comfortable multitasking in a fast-paced environment while displaying a friendly, professional
attitude. North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. Women and
minorities are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume and cover letter to
nchousejobs@gmail.com. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-146-15

The District Office Field Representative/Caseworker monitors and updates
the Congressman and District Director on district and local issues. This
position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for the
Congressman and constituents and answers casework correspondence and
verbal communications with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a
liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
Informs the Congressman and the District Director of all happenings in his or
her assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting
with constituents;
Handles casework assignments;
Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or
groups to form effective relationships for the Congressman;
Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Scheduler;
Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Congressman with constituents;
Works well under pressure and handles stress;
Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
Full-time experience preferred; strong academic credentials required;
extensive community relationships desired.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
Strong oral and written communication skills;
Page 3 of 8

Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman
is involved;
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
Knowledge of office policies, practices, procedures, and computer
applications.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
Work is mainly performed in an office environment, but the Field
Representative will often need to attend and participate in meetings and
public functions out of the office including evenings and weekend events.
Noise levels are usually moderate; and
Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
E-mail a resume and cover letter to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “CA02 Field Representative/Caseworker.”
MEM-143-15

Senior California Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior
Legislative Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the
Financial Services Committee. Candidates should have substantial
experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional
experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral
communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced
environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply, please e-mail
a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
HouseFinancialServicesLA@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-141-15

Republican Member seeks a Legislative Assistant with strong Tennessee ties.
Legislative duties will include briefing the Member on floor votes and other
pending legislation. Preference will be given to those with expertise on issues
involving healthcare, education and veterans’ affairs. Successful candidates
must demonstrate exceptional writing ability, attention to detail, and
organizational skills. Hill experience and familiarity with IQ are a plus.
Send resume and cover letter to TNHousejob@gmail.com.

MEM-140-15

The Office of Congressman Juan Vargas is seeking a high energy, highlyorganized, and detail oriented Field Representative/Caseworker for his
District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Serve as an official representative for the Member throughout communities
Page 4 of 8

in the District.
• Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships
for the Member.
• Monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
issues of importance.
• Staff and provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and
events for the Member.
• Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director and Chief
of Staff.
• Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
• Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• A candidate with a background in and/or understanding of military/veteran
issues.
• Veterans, reservists, women, and minorities are strongly encouraged to
apply.
• Ability to work non-traditional hours, including nights and weekends, if
needed.
• Excellent written (English and Spanish) and interpersonal communication
skills.
• Ability to work with staff at all levels, work well under pressure and be
detail oriented.
• Possess an understanding of the federal legislative process.
• Ability to quickly learn about key issues and events in the district for which
the Member is involved.
• A qualified applicant must be a U.S. Citizen, possess a valid California
driver’s license with the ability to travel as needed.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to CAJobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-133-15

New England Democrat seeks a Legislative Director to coordinate and
manage the Member’s legislative agenda, as well as oversee an active and
engaged legislative staff. Candidates should possess an in-depth
understanding of the legislative process, have management experience, be a
self-starter willing to think and act creatively, and thrive in a team-oriented
environment. Excellent writing, verbal, and organizational skills are essential,
as is the ability to work well under pressure. Previous Hill experience
required, and New England ties are a plus. To apply, please email resume,
cover letter, and two brief writing samples to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

Page 5 of 8

MEM-132-15

House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs Chairman Jeff Miller seeks a seasoned
communications professional to oversee the implementation of the
committee’s communications strategy. This is a senior staff position reporting
directly to the Staff Director. Successful candidates will have a record of
accomplishment with internal and external communications, press relations
and social media. Prior Capitol Hill experience is a plus. Qualified candidates
should email a resume and three writing samples to
var.resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: Communications Director.
No phone or office calls, please.

MEM-130-15

Northern California Democrat seeks a hard-working Press Secretary to help
drive a dynamic, entrepreneurial communications operation. Responsibilities
will include writing and editing press releases, op-eds, talking points, enewsletters, and franked communications; developing content for and
managing website and social media; coordinating telephone town halls;
directing interns on communications projects; and pitching stories to the
press. Candidates must be able to develop a fine-tuned sensitivity to the
priorities and views of the district and find ways to advance the Member’s
short-term and long-term legislative goals.
Potential candidates must have excellent writing skills and demonstrated
abilities in digital media and communication. We’re looking for a problem
solver who can work quickly and calmly under pressure, with significant
political experience and at least an above-average sense of humor. California
ties, Spanish fluency, and familiarity with water, agriculture, military, and
transportation policy will each be considered a plus. Please send cover letter,
resume and a writing sample to CaliforniaCongressionalStaff@gmail.com.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-125-15

Democratic member is seeking a staff assistant to manage the front office,
supervise interns, assist with legislative tasks, and greet visitors. Qualified
candidates will have excellent attention to detail, possess strong writing skills,
excel at balancing competing demands, be able to anticipate and quickly solve
problems in a fast-paced work environment, and be comfortable and
welcoming with a wide variety of stakeholders. The ideal candidate will have a
car and clean driving record, Capitol Hill experience, and a basic familiarity
with the legislative process. Depending on previous work history, the
opportunity for additional legislative responsibilities exists. Those with
Northern California ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested applicants
should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to
jo.th@mail.house.gov. Please no calls or drop-ins.

MEM-124-15

Florida Democrat (Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz) seeks a high energy,
highly organized, and detail oriented District Outreach Coordinator to work
in the District Office. Excellent written and oral communication skills and the
desire to work collaboratively with a team in a fast-paced environment are
required.
Page 6 of 8

Ideal candidate would be politically astute and possess the ability to respond to
challenging situations quickly and strategically. This position requires nontraditional hours and travel around the District.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• attend local meetings on behalf of the Congresswoman in the district;
• organize district events and meetings with key constituency groups;
• monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
issues;
• answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents; and
• handle all White House and Capitol tour requests.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• strong academic credentials;
• strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills and oral communication
skills;
• knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
• availability to work long hours;
• ability to work well under pressure; and
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
DUTIES:
• acts as the grass roots representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility;
• including answering casework correspondence, verbal communications with
constituents, and acting as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
• informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
• handles all constituent tour requests for the White House and Capitol tours;
• acts as liaison and interfaces with city, county, district, and federal officials,
the chamber of commerce and other persons or groups to form effective
relationships for the Member;
• assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Chief of Staff/Administrative
Assistant;
• screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
• trains and supervises Staff Assistants, including Interns, to handle Office
matters such as logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling
visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
Page 7 of 8

• logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating
to casework; and
• prepares monthly reports for the District Director on pending cases and
district activities in his or her assigned issue areas
• performs other duties as assigned.
TO APPLY PLEASE SEND A COVER LETTER AND RESUME TO:
FL23resume@mail.house.gov
MEM-123-15

Ranking Member seeks a Press Secretary or Communications Director to
manage committee, legislative and local press priorities. The applicant must be
a hard worker who possesses excellent written, verbal and interpersonal skills.
The ideal candidate has Hill and political experience. Qualified applicants
should send a cover letter and resume to employ@mail.house.gov.

MEM-111-15

Senior Democratic Congresswoman seeks an experienced, organized and
detail-oriented Scheduler/Office Manager for the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing office calendars and visitor access to
Member and staff in front office, organizing and tracking invitations, speaking
engagements, travel reservations and other requests for the Member,
coordinating with district staff, and maintaining administrative demands. The
Scheduler/Office Manager will work closely with other staff members,
particularly senior staffers, to ensure efficient and seamless office operations.
Ideal candidates are flexible, responsive, collaborative, work well under
pressure and on short deadlines, and are able to balance competing demands.
Candidates must be available to assist the Member outside of regular business
hours. Applicants should also have a positive attitude, excellent organizational
skills, strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills,
political instincts and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. This is
not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill operational and/or
scheduling experience is required. Ohio ties preferred. No phone calls, emails
or drop-bys. Please submit cover letter, resume, and at least two references to
Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov.

Page 8 of 8

