House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 26, 2018

MEM-448-18

New York Congressman is seeking an experienced press secretary to join his
DC office. The press secretary is responsible for developing and executing a
media strategy, which includes writing press releases, talking points, and opeds, while also managing the Member's social media pages, web site, pitching
story ideas and working closely with reporters. Must have on-the-record
experience and strong writing skills. Candidates with NY ties a plus. This is
not an entry level position.
Please send resume and writing sample to ny03.resumes@gmail.com. Phone
calls and drop-ins not accepted.

Page 1 of 11

MEM-443-18

Senior Energy and Commerce Democrat seeks a Climate Change and
Environment Legislative Assistant. The primary responsibilities for this
position will be leading the Member’s existing climate initiatives, identifying
new areas for legislative action, and coordinating with other Members and
outside stakeholders. Additional duties will be based on experience and
include other environmental and natural resources priorities.
This is not an entry level position. Significant experience working on climate
policy is required and previous Hill experience is preferred. The ideal
candidate will be creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be
able to have fun while maintaining a busy schedule. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing
sample to seniordemclimatejob@gmail.com.

MEM-442-18

PRESS ASSISTANT: The Democratic staff of the House Committee on
Education and the Workforce is seeking a professional, dependable, and
enthusiastic Press Assistant. Duties will include drafting press releases,
statements, and other press materials. The press assistant will also be
responsible for maintaining press lists, compiling and distributing daily press
clips, media monitoring, and other tasks as assigned. The best candidates will
have a degree in journalism, communications, political science or a related
area, and experience with creating and executing press events. Capitol Hill,
media, communications or campaign internship experience is preferred. This
is an entry-level position. Please send a resume, cover letter, and one short
writing sample to edlaborpressjobs@mail.house.gov. Accepting applications
on a rolling basis through December 7th.

MEM-441-18

STAFF WRITER: The Democratic staff of the House Committee on
Education and the Workforce is seeking a professional, dependable, and
creative Staff Writer. Duties will include drafting talking points, speeches,
quotes, opinion pieces, and other materials for the Committee. The ideal
candidate will be resourceful proactive, have strong writing skills, and a
working knowledge of the legislative process and Hill press operations.
Candidates should have at least 4 years of experience in a relevant field.
Capitol Hill or campaign experience preferred but not required. Please send a
resume, cover letter, and one short writing sample to
edlaborpressjobs@mail.house.gov. Accepting applications on a rolling
basis through December 7th.

Page 2 of 11

MEM-440-18

DIGITAL MANAGER: The Democratic staff of the Committee on
Education and the Workforce is seeking a motivated, creative, and organized
Digital Communications Manager. The Digital Manager will be charged with
developing, implementing, and executing a digital strategy to effectively
communicate with the public and grow the Committee’s online presence.
Daily responsibilities will include developing creative content, managing the
Committee’s website, and coordinating digital media strategy with Member
offices and stakeholder groups. The ideal candidate will be resourceful and
proactive, have strong graphic design and video editing skills, and a working
knowledge of the legislative process and Hill press operations. Candidates
should have at least 4 years of experience working in digital communications.
Capitol Hill or campaign experience preferred but not required. Please send a
resume, cover letter, and one short writing sample to
edlaborpressjobs@mail.house.gov. Accepting applications on a rolling
basis through December 7th.

MEM-439-18

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
hardworking staff assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The staff assistant will be responsible for answering phones, processing mail,
assisting with constituent requests for information, coordinating tours,
drafting correspondence, and other administrative duties and projects as
needed. The person also will handle some light press assistant duties,
including compiling press clips, monitoring media, drafting e-newsletters and
press releases, updating the website, and fielding some media inquiries.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, and committed to
individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The applicant must possess excellent communication and time-management
skills, the ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to
work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "staff assistant applicant" in the subject
line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

Page 3 of 11

MEM-438-18

Senior Democratic Member seeks a Communications Director to lead a fastpaced press shop. The ideal candidate must be a talented writer, capable of
producing speeches, op-eds, floor statements, press responses, briefing
memoranda, and talking points under tight timelines. The Communications
Director will also manage the Member’s national media profile and
coordinate with the Digital Media Manager to implement a robust digital
media strategy.
An understanding of the legislative process, an ability to quickly grasp and
distill policy issues, and excellent oral and written communications skills are
required. The successful candidate will also be a team player who work well
with others. This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have
previous Capitol Hill experience and a proven record of securing national
press coverage for their boss’ work.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume,
cover letter, and writing sample to seniordemcommsjob@gmail.com.

MEM-437-18

TITLE: Legislative Director
REPORTS TO: Member and the Chief of Staff
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to advise the Member on all legislative areas;
•to assist in development of policy positions and legislative initiatives; and
•to manage and supervise the office's legislative staff.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•at least 3 years of legislative experience;
•at least 1 years of management experience;
•strong academic credentials;
•strong leadership and organizational skills;
•excellent oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work well under pressure;
•thorough knowledge of the legislative process; and
•availability to work long hours and at night.
PREFFERED QUALIFICATIONS
•at least 5 years of legislative experience
•at least 2 years of management experience
•completion of an advanced degree
•experience in and/or knowledge of New York state government and politics;
particularly upstate New York
DUTIES:
•ensures that the legislative staff is properly focused on the Member's
legislative goals;
•works to formulate positions on legislative issues;
Page 4 of 11

•monitors legislative activity on the House floor and handles long-term and
short-term legislative planning for the Member;
•oversees the progression of bills with which the Member is involved as they
move from Committee to the floor;
•recommends strategies and tactics on bills and positions; • assigns legislative
staff areas of responsibility;
•trains and supervises legislative staff;
•schedules and directs legislative staff meetings;
•meets with groups of key constituents or other office visitors, as necessary;
•recommends co-sponsorships of legislation to the Member;
•writes and reviews legislative memos;
•hires legislative staff, with approval of the Chief of Staff/Administrative
Assistant and the Member, when necessary;
•oversees activities of the office in the absence of the Chief of
Staff/Administrative Assistant;
•maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation in which the Member is a principal sponsor, or legislation which
the Member is a cosponsor;
•monitors and reports on floor action to the Member and the Chief of
Staff/Administrative Assistant;
•coordinates responses to all legislative mail;
•assists organizations and constituents in the district with federal matters; and
•performs other duties as assigned.
Please respond with position you are applying for in the subject line with
resume and writing sample to nyresume2@gmail.com

MEM-436-18

TITLE: Staff Assistant
REPORTS TO: Chief of Staff
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to answer the telephones;
•to greet visitors to the office;
•to answer constituent requests for general information, tours, and other
inquiries;
•to monitor delivery and pickup of materials;
•to maintain front office; and
•to assist with various administrative and legislative duties.
•occasionally driving the member to and from events
QUALIFICATIONS:
•minimum of 1 year office experience; congressional internship experience
preferred
•professional telephone manner;
Page 5 of 11

•proficiency in word processing;
•excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•ability to use photocopier, facsimile machine and other office equipment;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; and
•availability to work long hours, if necessary.
•valid drivers license
DUTIES:
•answers and screens telephone calls for the Member and other staff members
and takes messages;
•greets and screens visitors;
•assists persons who have appointments with the Member or other staff
members. Works closely with the Member's Scheduler to ensure that the
Member's appointments are on time and that the Scheduler is aware of the
visitors' arrival;
•responds to constituent requests for flags, tours and other information;
•maintains handout literature regarding the district and the House;
•signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to the office to
appropriate staff members in a timely manner;
•maintains the office answering machine or voice mail;
•ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff
member in a timely manner;
•writes down visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
•logs in mail;
•tracks library books from the Library of Congress;
•performs general typing and administrative assignments;
•sends, receives, and distributes materials via the facsimile machine; and
•performs other administrative and legislative duties as assigned.
Please respond with position you are applying for in the subject line with
resume and writing sample to nyresume2@gmail.com

MEM-430-18

A Southern Democrat seeks a Communications Director to manage an
active communications operation. Successful candidates will have superb
written and verbal communication skills, be comfortable multi-tasking, have
excellent attention to detail, and work well under pressure. Primary
responsibilities include (but not limited to) managing press releases, speeches,
op-eds, and letters to the editor, and other written material for the Member,
managing an active social media presence, managing e-newsletters, and
graphic design. The Communications Director will work closely with the
Press Assistant and other press team members to finalize
press/communication products and strategy. The Communications Director
will staff the member during press events, media interviews, and other events
Page 6 of 11

as needed. Candidates must be available nights and weekends as situations
require. This is not an entry-level position, experience is required. The office
is an equal opportunity employer and diverse candidates are encouraged to
apply at nchousejobs@gmail.com.

MEM-428-18

The House Committee on Small Business (Democratic staff) seeks a staffer
to work on issues related to Small Business Administration Entrepreneurial
Development programs. Expertise with SBA programs, including Small
Business Development Centers, SCORE, Women’s Business Centers, and
Veteran’s Business Outreach Centers, is required. Candidate must be an
outstanding writer, have a demonstrated capacity to generate new ideas, and
the proven ability to analyze legislation. The ideal candidate will have strong
communication, writing, and research skills. A graduate degree is strongly
preferred. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages
candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and
resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-422-18

Senior Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior Legislative
Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the Financial
Services Committee and other issues. Candidates should have substantial
experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional
experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral
communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced
environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply, please e-mail a
cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
financeservicesla@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

Page 7 of 11

MEM-419-18

Democratic Committee staff seek energetic and entrepreneurial professional
to join an active communications office. Duties include but are not limited to:
drafting press materials including releases and op-eds; cultivating
relationships with the national and trade media; coordinating press
conferences and media events; and working with legislative staff to
communicate the committee’s policy priorities to local and national
audiences. Ideal candidate will have experience working in communications,
including working on Capitol Hill, or in government or a campaign
environment. Strong writing skills essential. Title and salary commensurate
with experience. Position reports directly to office’s Communications
Director and consults regularly with Committee’s Deputy Staff Director. The
office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter, resume and brief
writing sample to pressjob1923@gmail.com.

MEM-418-18

Republican Congressman seeks a Staff Assistant to manage day-to-day office
operations, process flag and tour requests, and act as primary front office
staff. Duties will include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, and
ordering office supplies. Successful candidates must be professional and
friendly, demonstrate ability to quickly address and solve problems, have
strong writing skills, possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to
detail, and be able to work quickly in a fast-paced environment. Please send
resume and cover letter to NE.01@mail.house.gov. No walk ins or phone
calls.

MEM-411-18

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Ranking Member
Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of investigative or
litigation experience. Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed
interviews, briefings, and congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates
must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be selfmotivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-410-18

Congressman Roger Marshall, M.D. (KS-01) seeks an experienced, resultsoriented Health Policy Advisor to work on health policy. This is not an entry
level position. Expertise in health care pricing, transparency, and insurance
markets preferred. Responsibilities include staffing congressional hearings,
work with health-related federal agencies, conducting policy research,
Page 8 of 11

drafting health care legislation, and coalition building. Successful candidate
will be detail-oriented, possess strong strategic thinking skills and have the
ability to identify and prioritize opportunities to influence health care policy.
Minimum of four years professional experience in health policy required.
Please send resume, cover letter, and at least two professional references. Use
subject in email “Health Policy Advisor” to Dalton.henry@mail.house.gov.
MEM-405-18

House Small Business Committee Democrats seek an Economic Policy
Staffer to manage a broad policy portfolio including, tax, health, retirement,
and other economic issues. Core responsibilities include developing and
advancing legislation, planning events on key policy priorities, coordinating
hearings, staffing Member, and drafting reports. Exceptional writing and
analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill, federal agency, private sector or policy
think tank experience is preferred. An advanced degree is a plus. The office is
an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-404-18

The House Small Business Committee (Democratic staff) seeks a staffer to
work on issues related to small business technology, telecommunications, and
trade policy. Candidate must be an outstanding writer, have a demonstrated
capacity to generate new ideas, and the proven ability to analyze legislation.
This is not an entry level position. A graduate degree is strongly preferred.
Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill, federal agency,
private sector or policy think tank experience is preferred. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-403-18

House Small Business Committee (Democratic Staff) is looking for a
proactive, experienced oversight and regulatory counsel. Responsibilities
include planning and conducting congressional oversight and advising in
policy matters related to oversight of issues within the committee’s
jurisdiction. Additional duties include reviewing and monitoring regulatory
issues across the federal government as it pertains to small businesses and
drafting comments and official correspondence as necessary. Candidates must
possess relevant legal experience, excellent research and writing skills, and
strong analytical and communication skills. Must also be a team player and
able to work well under pressure and with quick deadlines. Experience with
congressional oversight and regulations preferred; Hill experience is a plus.
J.D. is required; please no recent graduates. This is not an entry level position.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
Page 9 of 11

diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.
MEM-402-18

The House Committee on Small Business (Democratic staff) seeks a Policy
Director to assist in the daily operations and management of policy staff and
assist in coordinating committee activities, such as hearings and roundtables.
This position involves day-to-day management responsibilities and requires
significant management experience. Candidate must be an outstanding writer,
have a demonstrated capacity to generate new ideas, the proven ability to
work under pressure and tight deadlines, and sound judgment necessary to
evaluate matters that arise before the committee. Only candidates with
experience and a comprehensive knowledge in the substantive policy areas
within the Committee’s jurisdiction will be considered. This is not an entry
level position. Previous hill experience is required and an advanced degree is
a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-394-18

Republican Congressman seeks Staff Assistant to manage day-to-day office
operations, process flag and tour requests, and act as primary front office
staff. Duties will include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, overseeing
internship program, and ordering office supplies. Successful candidates must
be professional and friendly, demonstrate ability to quickly address and solve
problems, possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail, and
be able to work quickly in a fast-paced environment. Please send resume and
cover letter to gopwesternjob@gmail.com. No walk ins or phone calls.

Page 10 of 11

Page 11 of 11

