________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 29, 2021

MEM-546-21

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines. A successful
candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the box about
various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or casework
experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.

Page 1 of 16

Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.
MEM-545-21

Congressman Ken Buck, the Ranking Member of House Antitrust Subcommittee
and Senior member of the Judiciary Committee seeks an experienced Chief
Counsel to oversee the Big Tech investigation.
Responsibilities include working with the Chief of Staff and Legislative Director
to develop legislative strategies and advance the Congressman’s priorities
through Judiciary Committee hearings and oversight; researching and writing
legal memoranda and briefs; conducting executive and judicial branch oversight
and investigations; developing and composing oversight letters; developing and
drafting legislation; working with communications staff; and meeting with
stakeholders.
Candidates must be exceptionally strong writers, detail-oriented, able to work
under tight deadlines, and able to handle multiple projects at once. Previous Hill
experience in strongly advised.
Please submit a resume to: co04.resumes@gmail.com

MEM-544-21

Bay Area Democrat seeks a highly organized and dedicated scheduler for
Washington DC office. Scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's daily
and long-term schedule in DC and in the district. This individual will work
closely with the member, DC and district staff.
This person should be well-organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and able to
work effectively in a fast-paced office.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
invitations and scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the member; and
managing operational and logistical support for the office.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate should have prior
scheduling experience on the Hill or comparable work environment. Women,
LGBTQ+, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply, as well as candidates with California ties.
Please submit your resume, cover letter and two references
to CAHouseJob@mail.house.gov and include “Scheduler” in the subject line.

Page 2 of 16

MEM-543-21

Congressman Jim Clyburn, Chairman of the House Select Subcommittee on the
Coronavirus Crisis, seeks a Digital Director/Press Secretary to lead the
Majority staff’s digital strategy and support all aspects of the committee’s press
operations.
The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in graphic design and
developing social media content, as well as impeccable writing skills and
experience drafting and editing press releases, op-eds, and talking points.
Responsibilities include developing all social media content and actively
managing the committee’s social media platforms and website; developing
graphical content for committee reports and visual aids for hearings and other
events; video filming and editing and photography; and working with the house
recording studio to manage livestreams for hearings and other events. Additional
responsibilities including working with the Communications Director to draft
press releases and other materials, compiling and maintaining press lists,
responding to media inquiries, and coordinating interviews and press events.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. The successful candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well
under pressure, be self-motivated and willing to be responsive outside of normal
business hours, and enjoy working on a team. Several years of congressional or
other political experience are preferred.
Please send a resume, cover letter, digital portfolio and one short writing sample
to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with “Digital Director/Press Secretary” in the
subject line.

MEM-542-21

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a high-energy, highly-organized,
and detail-oriented District Staff Member for his offices in Western Maryland.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
●Staffer will work out of the Hagerstown and Cumberland District Offices.
●Serve as the official representative for the Member in the Western Maryland
community.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships for
the Member.
●Monitor and update the Member and District Director on local issues of
importance.
●Staff and provide logistical support for district meetings and events for the
Member.
●Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
●Answer correspondence and verbal communications with constituents in a
timely manner.
Page 3 of 16

●Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
●Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
●Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
●Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
●Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
●Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
●Strong oral and written communication skills.
●Thorough knowledge of the legislative process.
●Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
●Maryland ties are a plus.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to md06.jobs@gmail.com with
“District Staff” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins.
MEM-539-21

Nevada’s 4th District Democratic Member of Congress seeks a highly organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for a position in our North Las Vegas,
Nevada District office. Candidates must be comfortable working with the public,
have excellent oral and written communication skills, problem solving abilities.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests, answering
phones, conducting tours, overseeing an active mail program;
•Sorting/batching correspondence, drafting correspondence and ensuring a swift
turnaround time;
•Responding to constituent mail, keeping abreast of legislative developments, and
meeting with constituent groups;
•Assisting District Representatives as needed, and
•Perform all other duties as assigned and required
The ideal candidate will be/must have:
•Passionate about public service and committed to democratic values;
•Strong writing, communication skills and be detail-oriented;
•Have advanced experience with spreadsheets and forms,
•A poised, confident, self-starter, and team-player with a sense of humor; and
•The ability to work in a high-paced environment.
•The ability work weekends and holidays
•Have reliable transportation, auto insurance and a clean driving record
•Currently enrolled in an ungraduated degree program at a college or university
or have a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in the related fields of human services

Page 4 of 16

or social work, and a minimum of one-year relevant experience in community or
human services.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Spanish language skills and District ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, one writing sample and
three professional references in a single PDF file. Email submissions to the
Director of Administration, nv04resume@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-DSA-2 __last name, First name".
MEM-538-21

Congressman Ami Bera, M.D. seeks a Legislative Assistant to lead the
Member’s health care portfolio, as well as other issues as assigned.
The position manages work leading and contributing to multiple caucuses,
priority legislation and efforts, and working closely with bipartisan stakeholders
both on and off the Hill. Successful candidates will have strong oral and written
communication skills, and demonstrated experience advancing a legislative
agenda, working with diverse coalitions, and representing Members of Congress
in front of stakeholders and constituents. Professional health policy experience
and Hill familiarity is preferred.
The ideal candidate will be able to thrive in a fast paced environment; excel at
proactively identifying, prioritizing, and executing strategic opportunities to
influence health policy; work well both independently and collaboratively; and
have a sense of humor.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter in one PDF
to ca07jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or drop-ins.

MEM-537-21

Congressman Ruben Gallego (AZ-07) seeks an enthusiastic, people-oriented, and
dependable professional to serve as a Field Representative/ Caseworker in his
Phoenix District Office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: establishing and maintaining
relationships with local organizations, businesses and community leaders on
behalf of the Congressman; monitoring District and local issues; acting as liaison
to federal agencies; handling casework; managing special projects; and assisting
with events and other activities as assigned.
Travel throughout the district is required, thus the candidate must have a valid
driver’s license, reliable transportation and appropriate automobile insurance. The
Field Representative / Caseworker must be a dedicated, hard-working, team
player. Prior experience in government, the nonprofit sector, community or
grassroots organizing is preferred.
Page 5 of 16

Applicants should have a service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills,
proficiency at prioritizing and managing multiple projects at one time. Applicants
must demonstrate a capacity to work both independently and as part of a team, as
well as possess strong written and oral communications skills. A working
knowledge of Arizona’s 7th Congressional District is preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a list of three
references to: monica.sandschafer@mail.house.gov.
MEM-536-21

Congressman Ruben Gallego (AZ-07) seeks a Staff Assistant in his Phoenix
District Office. This is a full-time position located in Phoenix, AZ.
The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, and responds to
constituent requests for general information. The Staff Assistant plays a central
role in the day-to-day operations of the District Office by monitoring delivery and
pickup of materials, maintaining front-of-house systems, and assisting with
administrative and other duties as assigned.
The Staff Assistant supports the Constituent Services team’s correspondence with
federal agencies and constituents. In addition, the Staff Assistant works with the
Outreach Director to maintain and expand Member presence in the District.
Ideal candidates will have great interpersonal skills, strong organizational skills,
experience in a professional office setting, and a working knowledge of Arizona’s
7th Congressional District. The Staff Assistant will interact daily and directly
with the public, so experience in customer service is desired.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a list of three
references to: monica.sandschafer@mail.house.gov.

MEM-528-21

Staff Assistant – Senior Republican Congressman
Senior Republican Member of Congress seeks a dependable and energetic staff
assistant for the Washington, D.C. office. Primary responsibilities include
answering phones, processing mail, meeting and greeting visitors to the office,
Page 6 of 16

processing flag and tour requests, and supporting staff with a variety of tasks,
including driving the member to appointments.
Ideal candidates must have excellent organizational, time management and
problem solving skills. Must be comfortable working in a fast-paced environment
both independently and as part of a team. Pennsylvania ties and a sense of humor
are preferred, but not required.
Candidates must have an impeccable driving record and their own vehicle. Please
resumes to Lindsay.Reusser@mail.house.gov with the subject line: PA Staff
Assistant. No calls please.
MEM-525-21

Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) seeks an experienced and creative
Digital Director to join an active communications team and manage all digital
communications for his official office.
This role will work closely with the Communications Director to develop and
execute the Congressman’s long-term communications plan. The Digital Director
will be responsible for developing a long-term digital strategy and plan for the
office, managing and updating the official website, developing daily content for
all social media platforms, creating regular content for all social media platforms
including compelling videos, graphics, and other shareable visuals, expanding the
e-newsletter program, and analyzing online engagement for future optimization.
Applicants should be innovative, hard-working, detail-oriented, creative, strong
writers, and team players who can work closely with other members of the
communications and policy teams and an active mentor for junior staffers.
Applicants must also have a deep understanding of digital tools and experience
with graphic design, video production, and photography.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill, campaign, or digital
agency experience strongly preferred. Ties to New York are preferred but not
required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender
identity, or disability. Please email a cover letter, resume, and a portfolio of past
digital work to ny18applications@gmail.com

MEM-516-21

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn
Maloney (D-NY) seeks to fill a Senior Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
Several years of investigative or litigation experience is required. Health care
sector experience or policy background is strongly preferred. Responsibilities
include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and managing
Page 7 of 16

congressional investigations and hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds
and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Senior Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter
with the file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume”
and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.”
No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
MEM-515-21

Staff Assistant /District Field Representative – The district office of
Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks a hard-working, organized individual to
serve as a Staff Assistant & District Field Representative.
This position primarily entails constituent casework and member staffing
responsibilities including driving the member of Congress to and from events and
meetings. Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials,
representing the Congressman at community and governmental events, special
projects, as well as general office work.
Candidates should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and
must enjoy working with the public. Prior experience in government, the nonprofit sector, community and grassroots organizing is preferred. Applicant must
have a valid driver license and full access to a vehicle. This position is based in
New Jersey.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and references by
email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-507-21

Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Office of Advice and
Education.
The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are responsible for providing a
high volume of ethics advice, education, and training to Members of Congress
and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written
work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before
the Committee.

Page 8 of 16

Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics;
ethics counseling and training; and criminal law. Salary commensurate with
experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-506-21

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing
financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume of financial
disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress and their staff
through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before
the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics,
ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation,
corporate finance, and securities law. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-505-21

Position Available:
Staff Assistant/Intern Coordinator
Office/Location:
U.S. House of Representatives, Glen Ellyn, IL
Salary Level:
$37,000
Proposed Starting Date:
Immediate
Position Summary:
Page 9 of 16

The District Office Staff Assistant shall be responsible for managing the district
office administrative functions. They shall manage incoming constituent
communications, organize, and maintain correspondence and outreach material
and handle all Congressional greeting requests. The Staff Assistant shall report
directly to the District Director.
Specific duties include but are not limited to:
•Answers and logs incoming phone calls, conducts casework intake, and greets
office visitors
•Manages and tracks all incoming and outgoing mail to include timely
submission of monthly reports
•Manages district written outreach efforts by drafting and preparing certificates
and letters
•Identifies event and correspondence opportunities
•Maintains organized filing system of newsletters, brochures, and reports
•Manages office supply requisitions and inventory lists
•Staffs the Congressman and serves as staff representative for the Congressman at
meetings and events.
•Supervises the District Office intern program to include recruitment, training,
and management
•Assists with planning, organizing, and executing district outreach efforts.
•Plans, organizes, and leads execution of the Congressional Art Competition.
Position Qualifications:
•Bachelor’s degree (B.A.) in Political Science, Public Relations,
Communications, or relevant studies preferred but not required.
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Highly organized with strict attention to detail
•Congressional Office or similar experience preferred but not required
•Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook, or similar experience preferred
Representative Casten’s Office is an affirmative action/equal opportunity
employer dedicated to building a community of excellence, equity, and diversity.
It welcomes applications from women, underrepresented minorities, individuals
with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual minority groups and other candidates
who will lead and contribute to the diversification and enrichment of ideas and
perspectives.
To apply please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short statement of no more
than 300 words about why you’re a good fit for this role
to Constituent.ServicesIL06@mail.house.gov
Subject Line: District Staff Assistant
MEM-503-21

Legislative Aide/Professional Staff Member

Page 10 of 16

The House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property,
and the Internet (Majority) seeks a Legislative Aide/Professional Staff Member to
handle clerking responsibilities; provide support to Subcommittee Counsels on
legislative, procedural, and policy matters; and complete administrative tasks.
Duties include:
•Preparing and circulating official notices and materials, maintaining official
hearing records, and staffing Subcommittee hearings and markups.
•Preparing for hearings and markups by assisting Subcommittee Counsels with
written materials for Members, vetting and preparing witnesses, and coordinating
with Subcommittee Member offices on hearing and markup logistics.
•Providing support to Subcommittee Counsels and Democratic Member offices
on legislative and policy matters related to the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction, as
well as procedural issues relating to Committee business.
•Assisting with Subcommittee investigations and other oversight activities,
including by maintaining and analyzing document productions provided by
government and nongovernmental entities.
•Providing administrative assistance to the Subcommittee, including answering
phone calls, managing incoming and outgoing correspondence, and logging and
tracking bills referred to the Subcommittee.
Candidates must be highly organized, detail-oriented, and capable of thriving in a
fast-paced and rapidly changing environment. Candidates should have prior Hill
experience, ideally with a Congressional Committee. Previous courts or
intellectual property policy experience is a plus, but not required.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and include
“Legislative Aide – Courts/IP” in the subject line.
MEM-501-21

The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commercial, and
Administrative Law seeks a hard-working lawyer with significant legal
experience to serve as counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Subcommittee on matters of law and policy; drafting legislation; coordinating
hearings and witnesses; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and
providing guidance to offices both on and off the Subcommittee on matters of
antitrust law.
A strong background in antitrust is required. Exceptional writing skills, sound
Page 11 of 16

political judgment, and the ability to work closely and collaboratively with other
congressional offices and advocacy organizations are also strongly preferred.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Antitrust Counsel” in the subject
line.
MEM-497-21

Title: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Health, House Committee on
Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
Reports to: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Health
Provides administrative support to Subcommittee staff and assists with duties as
assigned.
Core Responsibilities:
• Provide administrative assistance to the Subcommittee on Health, to include
answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries; reviewing incoming
mail and preparation of correspondence; maintaining subcommittee archive,
activities report, and relevant publications; assisting with full Committee hearings
on matters within subcommittee jurisdiction; maintaining the Subcommittee’s
outstanding deliverable requests made to the Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA); as well as, assisting with other administrative duties as assigned.
• Provide legislative assistance to the Subcommittee on Health, to include
determining and tracking the status of pending legislation; reviewing the
Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and other publications
for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff; participating in stafflevel negotiations, to include knowledge of background information on
legislation being considered; assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and
preparation for, hearings, to include determination of Minority agenda, briefing
of witnesses and Members, and development of questions; conducting meetings
with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled parties; and, drafting
remarks for Ranking Member and suggested questions for hearing.
• Provide research support to the Subcommittee on Health, to include preparation
of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee Ranking Members
on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee and research preparation of
hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts, relevant statutes, and VA
policy.
• Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Ranking
Member, Staff Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee
staff, as needed.
Page 12 of 16

Minimum Qualifications:
• Bachelor of Arts or Science, and
• Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment.
Required Skills:
• Strong writing skills
• Proficiency in Microsoft Office
• Organizational skills
• Problem solving
• Strong verbal communication
• Team oriented
• Ability to work well under pressure
• Attention to detail
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send cover letter, résumé, and writing sample to the
following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “HVAC Health
Republican Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
What to Expect Next:
Your submission will be reviewed to determine if you are among the top
candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an
interview.
MEM-490-21

California House Republican seeks Scheduler. This position will be responsible
for providing scheduling and general office management.
Page 13 of 16

Some of these duties include, but are not limited to: maintaining Member’s
official and unofficial schedule, collecting briefing documents from legislative
staff, arranging official travel for Member and Chief of Staff, coordinating
scheduling of all meetings with relevant legislative and committee staff, work
with district staff to coordinate details for in-district events/meetings, ensuring
Member is where he needs to be when he needs to be there, and managing all
travel documents and receipts for the office’s official travel. Office manager tasks
will include: working collectively with finance administrator and tech support on
office purchases and reimbursements, maintaining and updating office documents
or supplies, as well as running the office’s flag and internship programs.
The ideal candidate will have at least 1-2 years of Capitol Hill experience.
Having access to a vehicle is required. E-mail your resume
to Mark.Spannagel@mail.house.gov and Haley.Slaybaugh@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler Applicant” in the subject line.
MEM-489-21

Military Legislative Assistant (MLA)
Congressman Jimmy Panetta (CA-20) seeks a highly motivated, well organized
and detail- oriented Military Legislative Assistant to support his work on the
House Armed Services Committee. This position’s portfolio will include foreign
affairs, homeland security, intelligence and veterans’ issues. Successful
applicants will have House Armed Services Committee experience with a strong
knowledge about the formulation of the annual National Defense Authorization
Act and be advised that this is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the Member for committee
hearings and managing the development of Member requests for the National
Defense Authorization Act, representing the Member in meetings and events
before stakeholders, federal agencies and constituents, working closely with the
Member on legislative strategy, including advising on vote recommendations for
committee and floor proceedings.
Qualified candidates will have experience in formulating legislation and planning
the pathway for the legislation to become law, a strong background in legislative
affairs and an understanding of what it takes and a will to work across the aisle to
advance bipartisan initiatives, and excellent written, verbal, research, analytical
and problem-solving skills with an ability to manage multiple assignments
simultaneously.
Additionally, successful candidates will perform well under pressure, possess a
strong work ethic and the capacity to produce high quality work on short
deadlines, demonstrate a can-do attitude, commitment to public service and an
understanding of what it takes to be a part of a successful team effort, and

Page 14 of 16

communicate effectively with colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work
environment.
Duties include travel to the district with constant and consistent outreach and
involvement with constituents. A knowledge of and connections to the defense
sector, especially military installations in California and throughout its central
coast, is preferred, but not required.
Veteran applications are encouraged. Interested candidates should send a cover
letter, resume, two writing samples of one page or less and three references with
“MILITARY LEGISLTIVE ASSISTANT” in the subject line
to ca20.jobs@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-486-21

Progressive West Coast Democrat seeks an energetic, motivated, and organized
individual with strong interpersonal skills to manage a fast-paced front office as
the Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing a robust mail program through Intranet
Quorum (IQ); answering phones; overseeing intern, flag, and tours programs;
serving as Office Emergency Coordinator; and providing administrative,
legislative, and technical support to the office, among other tasks as assigned.
A successful applicant should be a self-starter who thrives in a fast-paced
environment, and must possess an upbeat positive attitude and the ability to work
well in a team. Excellent writing, time-management, and organizational skills are
essential.
Prior Hill experience is highly valued, California ties a plus. Qualified candidates
should submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing sample
to CA27jobs@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent” in the
subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.

Page 15 of 16

Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 16 of 16

