________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 8, 2023

MEM-260-23

The House Foreign Affairs Committee majority is seeking a staff assistant to
help support staff with research, answer phones, and support committee
operations.
The ideal candidate will have effective communication and teamwork skills;
project a professional demeanor; be adaptable, organized, and detail oriented;
have good time management skills; and be able to work in a fast-paced, highly
dynamic environment.
Candidates should submit a cover letter and resume
to HFAC.GOP.Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-259-23

The office of a conservative, mid-western Member of Congress seeks a
Communications Assistant to work in the DC office and help develop and
execute an effective communications strategy.
The ideal candidate is:
•innovative, confident, and detail-oriented,
•a strong and effective verbal and written communicator,
•capable of consistently producing high-quality work product,
•able to effectively communicate with a variety of audiences using social media
and other platforms,
•willing to work long hours, including some time on weekends, and under tight
Page 1 of 22

deadlines,
•able to react to unanticipated circumstances requiring fast and effective
response,
•interested in political and government topics and news from a variety of sources,
•committed to contributing to a team dynamic based on respect, collaboration,
and transparency.
Job responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•compiling and distributing daily press clips,
•producing content for social media and the official website,
•writing speeches, opinion editorials, talking points, press releases, and similar
content,
•preparing the Member for media opportunities and public appearances,
•photographing events, hearings, and other public functions,
•research to support communications activities,
•monitoring national, state, and local news for stories relevant for the office,
•assisting with all other communications-related tasks that are necessary to
execute a communications strategy.
This position is for someone early in their career with one to four years of
experience working in a professional setting with at least some exposure to
communications-related work.
Applicants must complete a writing sample as part of the interview process.
Interested applicants should email CommsApplicants@gmail.com with:
•a cover letter,
•resume,
•at least three professional references, and
•any relevant work samples (e.g. - writing, video, creative)
MEM-258-23

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) is looking for a creative,
efficient, and detail-oriented Digital Assistant for the Washington, D.C. office.
The Digital Assistant will be responsible for executing digital strategies under the
guidance of the Communications Director. The ideal candidate will be a strong
writer and a digital native with an eye for detail and a passion for innovative
digital engagement.
This is not a 9-5 job; some nights and weekends will be required. California ties
are helpful; good judgment and common sense are a must.
Digital Content: Applicants should be proficient in graphic design and video
editing. This person will be responsible for proactively creating graphics, videos,
GIFs, and other digital content that is compelling, engaging, on-brand, and errorfree. The Digital Assistant will also regularly take photos of the Congresswoman
at events and in meetings. In addition to managing a long-term strategic digital
content calendar, they will be expected to create content for rollouts and rapid
Page 2 of 22

response opportunities. This includes clipping, captioning, and posting committee
remarks, floor speeches, and interviews.
Social Media: The Digital Assistant will manage the Congresswoman’s social
media platforms – including Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram – in addition to
the website. This individual will be expected to proactively draft content in the
voice of the Congresswoman each day in addition to quickly responding to news
articles, Capitol Hill developments, and other rapid response moments.
Applicants should have a passion for breaking down policy, current events, and
news. They will also need to track social media requests from the legislative and
district teams.
TO APPLY, please send a résumé, cover letter, video sample, graphic sample,
and short writing sample to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Digital
Assistant – NAME” in the subject line.
Our office is an equal-opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Applications
will be accepted and reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-257-23

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff (minority)
seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized staff assistant for fastpaced committee office.
Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front office such as receptionist
duties, answering phones, greeting visitors, ensuring the office is kept in order,
supporting staff in preparations for committee events such as hearings, markups,
meetings, and events, delivering documents and obtaining signatures on letters,
training and supervising interns, handling and sorting incoming mail, maintaining
both digital and paper records and files, maintaining office supplies and
mastering basic equipment operations, assisting other staff with research, work
product, web content, special projects, and other duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, attention to detail, professionalism, exceptional time management skills,
and an ability to work collaboratively. All applicants will be considered without
regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), gender identity, disability, or age. Hill experience preferred but not
required.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.

Page 3 of 22

MEM-256-23

District Scheduler
U.S. Representative Jill Tokuda
Hawaii’s Second Congressional District
District Scheduler Job Listing
Congresswoman Jill Tokuda (HI-02) seeks a District Scheduler for her Honolulu
office. This position will work closely with and report to the District Chief in
Hawaiʻi and Scheduler in Washington, D.C., and will provide assistance with
building and scheduling district operations for the member as well as assisting
with administrative functions in the district office. This position requires
consistent and effective collaboration with all components of the member’s
office.
Primary duties include, but are not limited to:
•Building the member’s daily and long-term schedule for Hawaii and managing
this system;
•Responding to all incoming scheduling requests for Hawaii;
•Booking and coordinating travel within Hawaii;
•Ensuring the member, staff, and external stakeholders have key information
about the schedule;
•Compiling daily briefing materials for the member from staff and other sources
and delivering an electronic and hard copy of these materials to the member;
•Managing fiscal matters for the district office;
•Providing administrative support as needed, including but not limited to
answering phones and constituent calls, processing mail, and preparing
correspondence;
•Supporting the team with special events and ad hoc projects; and
•Other duties as assigned.
Salary will be commensurate with experience. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or
parental status), color, age,
religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Interested candidates must submit an application
to kendra.oishi@mail.house.gov by May 22, 2023. Candidates should submit a
cover letter, resume, and references.

MEM-255-23

The office of Congressman Pat Ryan seeks a Director of Operations and
Scheduling.
The role will work closely with the Chief of Staff to maintain the short- and longterm schedules for the Member and coordinate logistics for seamless day-to-day
operations in the DC office. Primary scheduling responsibilities include
exercising sharp judgment in granting scheduling requests, responding to all

Page 4 of 22

meeting requests promptly and politely, and keeping events and meetings within
designated timeframes.
Additional duties include:
• Resourcing the Member with proper briefing materials, ensuring that the
Member is properly staffed for meetings and events,
• Serving as a liaison for the Member with the staff, public, Committees, and
other Members of Congress
• Assisting with event planning, coordinating and booking travel,
• Leading scheduling meetings and updating staff on the Member’s schedule,
• Additional duties as assigned by the Member or Chief of Staff
Overall goals include ensuring that the Member’s messaging and mission are
reflected in his schedule and itinerary. This position requires flexible hours,
adaptability, ability to skillfully and effectively communicate, and superior
organizational skills.
The pay range for a Director of Operations is $70,000-$77,500 and a Scheduler is
$60,000 - $67,500 a year. This is not an entry-level position. Ideal candidates will
have previous experience working in operational roles on Capitol Hill or on
political campaigns. Preference given to candidates with Hudson Valley or New
York ties. This position is part of the senior staff team and reports to the Chief of
Staff.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send your resume, cover letter, and references
to ny18resumes@mail.house.gov with the job title in the subject line and your
full name (e.g.: “Director of Ops and Scheduling - Jed Bartlet). The deadline to
apply is COB 05/10/23 and applicants will be evaluated on a rolling basis.
MEM-253-23

Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent
Senior California Democrat seeks an organized and detail-oriented Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent for the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities of the position include front office reception, answering phones,
coordinating and conducting Capitol tours, managing the internship program, as
well as answering constituent correspondence and supporting the office’s
legislative team.
Applicants should be able to keep track of multiple projects simultaneously, work
in a fast-paced environment, and have strong writing skills.

Page 5 of 22

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority applicants are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, references, and a cover letter in a single pdf
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com
MEM-252-23

A senior House Republican on the Energy & Commerce Committee seeks a
Press Secretary/Digital Director that is eager to join a robust communications
operation. This is not an entry-level position – at least one year of relevant
communications experience is required. Familiarity or existing contacts with
conservative media outlets is a plus. This position will serve as the main press
staffer for the Washington, D.C. office and will work closely with the
Communications Director and subcommittee staff. Job duties include but are not
limited to:
Required
•Video filming and editing skills
•Excellent research skills and writing ability
•Ability to create graphics and social media branding
Duties
•Successfully pitch and book the Member on national tv and radio
•Develop and assist with press releases, talking points, op-eds, and other
materials
•Grow and manage a national press list
•Assist with maintaining office’s website and social media accounts
•Create and edit videos and graphics
•Monitor the Congressman’s presence and interactions on social media.
•Take photos/video at events
•Compile daily clips
•Taking a lead role in interacting with subcommittee communications team
Please submit your resume to Midwestern.Job@mail.house.gov with “Press
Secretary/Digital Director” in the subject line.

MEM-251-23

The Office of Congressman Dwight Evans (D-PA-03) seeks a Digital and
Communications Assistant.
This position reports directly to the Congressman’s Communications Director.
Candidates must have strong writing and digital media skills, pay close attention
to proofreading and fact-checking, be highly organized, have a problem-solving
approach to work, and be capable of thriving in a fast-paced and rapidly changing
environment. The ability to meet deadlines is a must. Proficiency with social
Page 6 of 22

media tools, graphic design and standard Microsoft Office and Adobe software
tools is required. Working knowledge of House processes and procedures is
required, and Philadelphia knowledge is preferred.
Responsibilities include, and are not limited to: drafting daily social media
content for all of the Congressman’s official platforms, subject to editing;
creating graphics; shooting and editing videos; sending daily news clips; drafting
op-eds on a variety of issues and e-newsletters; working with district staff to
produce regular virtual and tele-town hall meetings; serving as point person for
the Congressman’s annual State of the District report; and consistently
monitoring, and updating the Congressman’s website; and other duties as
assigned. Occasional travel to the district may be required.
Qualified candidates should send a cover letter, resume and at least three
examples of your work, including at least one writing sample, at least one graphic
you have created, and one video you have created and edited
to PA03.Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. The salary range is $50,000-$60,000. The deadline
to apply is May 12, 2023.
MEM-250-23

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full-time Staff Assistant in
her Washington, DC office.
The staff assistant will work closely with the chief of staff and the scheduler, and
responsibilities include managing the front office; driving the Member;
processing incoming mail, phone calls, and constituent requests including tours
and flags; managing the intern program; greeting visitors; providing
administrative support for the office including support for events; and other
duties assisting the staff and Member as assigned.
Applicants should be detail-oriented, proactive, able to exercise discretion, eager
to work in a fast-paced office, and willing to work flexible hours when the
Member is in DC. Strong communication, logistical, interpersonal, and
organizational skills are essential. Access to personal car preferred, although not
required. This role provides a unique entry level opportunity to work closely with
a senior Member of Congress.
Please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and two references
to CT03jobs@gmail.com with subject line “Staff Assistant Application.” No calls
or walk-ins, please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages all qualified
candidates to apply. Connecticut ties are a plus. This office requires all staff and

Page 7 of 22

interns to complete a full SARS-CoV2 vaccination course, regardless of recovery
from prior coronavirus illness, as a condition of employment.
MEM-249-23

District Press Aide/Digital Assistant
U.S. Representative Jill Tokuda
Hawaii’s Second Congressional District
Congresswoman Jill Tokuda (HI-02) seeks a District Press Aide/Digital Assistant
for her Honolulu office. This position will work closely with and report to the
District Chief in Hawaiʻi and Communications Director in Washington, D.C., and
will provide assistance with press and communications operations.
This includes talking points, preparing for events, conducting direct constituent
communications, and producing digital content for social media. The ideal
candidate will be creative, politically astute, proactive, eager to learn, have a
strong proficiency in crafting social media content, and will be a team player with
an ability to handle multiple tasks at once. Excellent writing skills are essential.
Some photo, video, or web experience is preferred.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Drafting press releases, op-eds, advisories, newsletters, and other written
materials
•Creating social media content and website content
•Developing, attending, staffing, and assisting with District events
•Creating engaging graphics
•Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
•Other tasks as assigned
Salary will be commensurate with experience. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or
parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender
identity, or disability.
Interested candidates must submit an application
to kendra.oishi@mail.house.gov by May 15, 2023. Candidates should submit a
cover letter, resume, and two writing samples.

MEM-247-23

Congresswoman Kim Schrier seeks Veterans Constituent Services
Representative for her Issaquah office.
This position acts as a liaison for constituents to federal, district, and local
agencies to provide assistance and help resolve issues on behalf of Veterans and
active-duty service members. Responsibilities include meeting with constituents
and answering casework correspondence, continually screening active cases to
ensure they are handled in a responsive manner, maintaining up-to-date files on
all cases, and providing periodic updates to the District Director on pending
Page 8 of 22

cases. Additional responsibilities include stakeholder engagement, event planning
and staffing, and administrative support for office operations—greeting visitors,
telephone calls and logging incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Prior experience or training in casework, social work, customer service, or
working for elected officials is preferred. Candidates should demonstrate a strong
commitment to public service; ability to work as a part of a dynamic team;
creative problem solving; excellent oral and written communication skills;
thoroughness and careful attention to detail; ability to exercise discretion and
independent judgment; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
in a fast-paced office; and basic knowledge of federal agencies and the political
process.
Knowledge of the Eighth Congressional District is desired. Military experience or
ties to the Veteran community is desired but not a requirement. Proficiency in a
second language is a plus. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation. The
salary range for this position is $50-60k.
To be considered, please submit a cover letter, a writing sample, and resume with
references to WA08Resumes@gmail.com with “Constituent Services
Representative” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-246-23

Senior Texas Republican seeks to fill the role of Staff Assistant in the
Washington D.C. office.
Primary duties include greeting visitors, managing the front office and interns,
processing flag and tour requests, and assisting the Member and staff with
various projects as needed. The ideal candidate will be able to multi-task
efficiently, be able to work in a fast-paced environment, and be detail-oriented
with strong organizational and communication skills. Texas ties and a car are
preferred.
Please email a resume, cover letter, and a list of references
to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov.

MEM-243-23

The Office of Congressman Jamie Raskin (MD-08) seeks a Constituent Services
Caseworker to work in the Rockville, Maryland District Office.
Primary responsibilities include: handling constituent casework; interacting with
constituents and government agencies; planning and executing outreach events;
representing the Office at community events; and assisting with administrative
duties. This is an entry level position. Ties to Maryland’s 8th District are
preferred. Second language fluency is a plus.

Page 9 of 22

This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working, cohesive team
that is committed to providing superior constituent service. The ideal candidate is
organized, self-motivated, detail-oriented, has excellent verbal and written
communication skills and time management skills, and has a passion for making
a difference in people’s lives.
The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, military status, gender identity and expression, marital status, parental
status, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable
law, in any of its activities or operations.
To apply, please send an email to District Chief Kathleen Connor at the following
email address: Raskin.DistrictJobs@mail.house.gov with “Constituent Services
Caseworker” in the subject line and the following application materials attached
as one combined PDF:
•Cover letter (not to exceed one page) – please customize your letter to this
position.
•Résumé (not to exceed one page)
•Two writing samples (not to exceed two pages each)
•Three references (not to exceed one page) – for each reference, please include
name, current title/office, phone number, email, and a one-sentence description of
your relationship to the reference.
The deadline to apply is 5:00 p.m. on May 9, 2023.
MEM-242-23

Democratic Congressman seeks a Staff Assistant/Press Assistant. Staff
Assistant responsibilities include: answering phones and greeting visitors,
assisting with tour and flag requests, helping manage the interns, sorting/batching
correspondence, drafting letters and providing administrative and legislative
support as needed.
Press Assistant responsibilities include: compiling press clips,
drafting/monitoring social media posts, designing graphics and web content, and
other press duties as assigned. Applicants must have strong writing skills and be a
detail oriented team player. Maryland ties and knowledge of IQ or similar
programs are a plus.
Interested applicants should e-mail 1) a resume, 2) a cover letter and 3) two brief
writing samples to employment@mail.house.gov with the subject “Staff
Assistant/Press Assistant: LAST NAME.”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status or

Page 10 of 22

parental status. Women, veterans, people of color and LGBTQ+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-241-23

Senior House Democrat seeks an experienced Communications Director or
Press Secretary to serve in its Washington, D.C. office.
Successful candidates will have impeccable writing skills, a close eye to detail,
fluency with social media platforms and digital tools, the ability to manage
several, simultaneous projects in a fast-paced environment and experience
working closely with national and local press.
Responsibilities include developing communications and outreach strategies,
writing press releases, statements and media advisories, creating and managing
social media content including graphics and videos, drafting talking points and
op-eds, and creating franked communications, including mailers and telephone
townhalls. This is not an entry-level position.
This office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Diverse candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified individuals should submit a resume, cover letter and writing portfolio
to employment@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-238-23

Communications Director – The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01)
is seeking a Communications Director.
The ideal candidate is an excellent writer/manager with previous experience
pitching and working with press and media. The Communications Director will
oversee the two-person communications team and will work closely with
legislative staff to communicate the Member’s policy priorities in a timely,
efficient, and relevant manner.
Primary job functions include drafting press releases and Member statements,
pitching op-eds to local and national outlets, pitching the member for local and
national radio, TV, and podcast opportunities, creating timely talking points for
the member and staff, managing the communications budget, and overseeing the
overall communications and messaging strategy for Congressman Wittman.
Additionally, the ideal candidate should have previous experience on the Hill, in
politics, and with policy.
Interested applicants should email a resume
to sarah.newsome@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the
subject line.

Page 11 of 22

MEM-237-23

Rep. Frederica Wilson, Ranking Member of the Higher Education and Workforce
Development Subcommittee seeks a senior legislative assistant.
Summary:
•The senior legislative assistant will assist the Member in her role as the Ranking
Member of the Higher Education and Workforce Development Subcommittee.
Their policy portfolio will include education, labor, healthcare, and other issues.
Essential Job Functions:
•Preparing the Member for committee hearings, markups, briefings, stakeholder
meetings, and other engagements;
•Developing and drafting bills, amendments, letters, policy statements, talking
points, floor speeches, op-eds, memos, and reports;
•Planning and organizing briefings and other events;
•Managing relationships with local, state, and national stakeholders;
•Tracking legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas;
•Building coalitions of diverse, bipartisan stakeholders to advance legislative
priorities;
•Assisting organizations and constituents in the District with federal matters; and
•Performing other duties as assigned.
Education/Experience:
•The ideal candidate will have an advanced degree focused on education policy,
at least two years of experience working in federal education policy, preferably in
Congress, and a track record of legislative successes.
Skills and Knowledge Required:
•Strong federal education policy background;
•Excellent policy research, analysis, development, and advocacy skills;
•Great writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
•Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, House organization, and
procedures;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Strong project management and organizational skills;
•Great political instincts and judgment; and
•Proficiency in office computer applications.
Compensation:
•The salary ranges from $75,000 to $85,000, commensurate with experience.
Benefits include student loan repayment, Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) and
retirement, paid leave, transit benefits or parking, and federal health insurance.
Working Conditions:
•The role is based in the Washington, D.C. office;
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment; and
•Travel to Miami, Miami Gardens, Miami Beach, and elsewhere in the District
Page 12 of 22

may be required.
Preferences:
•At least two years of experience as a legislative assistant or similar role;
•Graduate degree in education policy;
•K-12 or higher education teaching experience;
•Expertise in higher education, early childhood education, mentoring, workforce
development, Historically Black Colleges and Universities, or Minority Serving
Institutions; and
•Ties to the District or Florida.
How to Apply:
•Submit a resume, cover letter, and three policy writing samples
to FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Senior LA” in the subject line.
•Our office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Our office
encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-230-23

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly organized and
motivated individual to serve as a Legislative Correspondent|Legislative Aide
in her Washington, DC office. Starting salary $55,000 - $60,000.
The LC|LA will manage the constituent mail program in the office, research and
write letters, and handle a limited individual legislative portfolio as assigned.
Well-qualified candidates for this position will have prior experience working on
Capitol Hill, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a strong work
ethic.
Primary Legislative Correspondent responsibilities include:
•Draft and|or assist on tailored letters for constituent inquiries, Member to
Member correspondence, event|meeting follow-up, and letters to the
Administration and other federal, state, and local entities.
•Mange the Member’s 499 program.
•Create and maintain a collection of prepared responses for general legislative
inquiries.
•Ensure that legislative responses to constituents are completed in a timely
matter.
•Consult with the Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants to ensure the
Member’s library of legislative letters are accurate, up to date, and reflective of
the Member’s policy position.
Primary Legislative Aide responsibilities include:
•Represent the Congresswoman within your limited, assigned issue areas.
•Meet and communicate with constituents and advocates & serve as a liaison with
federal agencies in your assigned issue areas.
Page 13 of 22

•Work with the Legislative Director and Chief of Staff to formulate and advance
legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas.
•Track legislation and coordinates co-sponsorship of bills for the Member for
assigned issue areas.
•Provide input to help the Communications Team draft speeches, press releases,
op-eds, and social media for the Member.
Candidates must have an ability to work under pressure, meet deadlines in a fastpaced work environment, and work collaboratively with other members of the
legislative team. Strong organizational and time management skills, excellent
written and verbal communication skills, and a keen attention to detail are
required.
Spanish language skills and|or Southern California ties a plus.
Benefits include federal health insurance, Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) and
retirement, the Student Loan Repayment Program, and transit benefits.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and two
references with “LC|LA” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-229-23

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
Page 14 of 22

and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
•Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
•Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
•Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
•Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-227-23

Senior Legislative Assistant
Summary:
•The senior legislative assistant will assist the Member in her role as the Ranking
Member of the Higher Education and Workforce Development Subcommittee.
Their policy portfolio will include education, labor, healthcare, and other issues.
Essential Job Functions:
•Preparing the Member for committee hearings, markups, briefings, stakeholder
meetings, and other engagements;
•Developing and drafting bills, amendments, letters, policy statements, talking
points, floor speeches, op-eds, memos, and reports;
•Planning and organizing briefings and other events;
•Managing relationships with local, state, and national stakeholders;
•Tracking legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas;
•Building coalitions of diverse, bipartisan stakeholders to advance legislative
priorities;
•Assisting organizations and constituents in the District with federal matters; and
•Performing other duties as assigned.

Page 15 of 22

Education/Experience:
•The ideal candidate will have an advanced degree focused on education policy,
at least two years of experience working in federal education policy, preferably in
Congress, and a track record of legislative successes.
Skills and Knowledge Required:
•Strong federal education policy background;
•Excellent policy research, analysis, development, and advocacy skills;
•Great writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
•Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, House organization, and
procedures;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Strong project management and organizational skills;
•Great political instincts and judgment; and
•Proficiency in office computer applications.
Compensation:
•The salary ranges from $75,000 to $85,000, commensurate with experience.
Benefits include student loan repayment, Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) and
retirement, paid leave, transit benefits or parking, and federal health insurance.
Working Conditions:
•The role is based in the Washington, D.C. office;
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment; and
•Travel to Miami, Miami Gardens, Miami Beach, and elsewhere in the District
may be required.
Preferences:
•At least two years of experience as a legislative assistant or similar role;
•Graduate degree in education policy;
•K-12 or higher education teaching experience;
•Expertise in higher education, early childhood education, mentoring, workforce
development, Historically Black Colleges and Universities, or Minority Serving
Institutions; and
•Ties to the District or Florida.
How to Apply:
•Submit a resume, cover letter, and three policy writing samples
to FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Senior LA” in the subject line.
•Our office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Our office
encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply.

Page 16 of 22

MEM-224-23

House Democratic Committee seeks a Procurement Staffer to work on issues
related to federal small business procurement policy.
Expertise in Small Business Administration programs, particularly the 8(a)
Business Development program and HUBZone program, is required. Candidate
must be an outstanding writer, have a demonstrated capacity to generate new
ideas, and the proven ability to analyze legislation.
This is not an entry level position. A graduate degree is strongly preferred.
Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill, federal agency,
private sector or policy think tank experience is preferred. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply.
Please send cover letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position
name in the subject line. No drop ins or phone calls please.

MEM-223-23

North Carolina Democratic Office seeks Staff Assistant to join front office team.
MUST have a reliable and safe vehicle and driving record. Candidates should be
well-organized, hard-working, and detail oriented. High degree of
professionalism required, as well as an ability to work a flexible schedule,
including long hours.
Duties include answering telephone calls, greeting visitors, supervising interns,
assisting legislative staff, assists persons who have appointments with the
Member or other staff members. Works closely with the Chief of Staff to ensure
that the Member's appointments are on time and driving the Member in DC.
Capitol Hill experience and North Carolina ties preferred. Spanish language skills
a plus. Job benefits includes student loan repayment, and standard House benefits
(healthcare, pension, TSP, etc.).
Email cover letter, resume, and references in one document
to NC12Resumes@mail.house.gov with subject heading “Staff Assistant
Position”

MEM-221-23

Congresswoman Emilia Strong Sykes (OH-13) is seeking a full-time Scheduler
and Office Manager in her Washington, DC office.
This position will work closely with and report to the Chief of Staff in support of
the Congresswoman’s official daily schedule, travel plans, and related records.
Primary responsibilities include tracking, evaluating, and responding to
invitations and scheduling requests; serving as a liaison for the Congresswoman
with the staff, public, and other Members of Congress; and working closely with
their colleagues to ensure efficient and seamless day-to-day office operations.
Page 17 of 22

Qualified candidates are highly motivated, detail-oriented, and able to work in a
fast-paced environment. This individual must have excellent interpersonal skills,
impeccable organization, the ability to stay calm and in command despite a large
number of competing demands on the Member’s time, the ability to respond
quickly to last-minute changes to the schedule, and should enjoy working as part
of a team.
The Office of Congresswoman Sykes is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status),
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, a cover letter, and three
references to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line:
“Full Name – DC Scheduler.” Experience with managing a schedule is required;
this is not an entry-level position.
MEM-220-23

Representative Valerie Foushee (NC-04) seeks a Washington, DC-based Press
Secretary.
Responsibilities include developing daily content for the Congresswoman’s social
media accounts, drafting newsletters, creating graphics, updating the website, as
well as recording and editing videos. In addition, the staff member will produce
daily clips, draft press releases, assist with responding to press inquiries, compile
and update press lists, and staff the Congresswoman at DC-based interviews. The
staff member will report to and work closely with the Congresswoman’s North
Carolina-based Communication Director.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate will be creative and a
strong writer who understand social media trends. At least one year of Capitol
Hill or other relevant experience and familiarity with Indigov preferred. North
Carolina ties a plus. Preference will be given to candidates with a strong
background in creating digital content.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, a writing sample, and
two example graphics or other digital communications work, along with three
professional references to NC04Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Press
Secretary” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
The Office of Representative Foushee is an equal opportunity employer
committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment. Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against
because of race, religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical
disability, sexual orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender

Page 18 of 22

expression) identity, color, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or
any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.
MEM-218-23

Rep. Raul Ruiz M.D. is seeking a Senior Legislative Assistant
Rep. Raul Ruiz M.D. is seeking an experienced legislative staffer to handle a
diverse policy portfolio of issues, primarily focused energy, water, natural
resources, and immigration. This position also covers the Congressman’s work on
the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Environment, Manufacturing, and
Critical Materials.
Responsibilities include developing legislative initiatives; drafting and tracking
legislation and letters; drafting memos and talking points for the Member;
coordinating with communications and district staff on press events; meeting with
stakeholders; and engaging in proactive outreach. This is not an entry level
position.
Candidates should possess in-depth knowledge of the legislative process;
excellent writing, verbal, and organizational skills; work well under pressure;
have a positive attitude; and thrive in a fast-paced environment. Spanish language
skills are preferred, but not required. Successful candidates must possess a proven
track record of developing and implementing legislative strategy to achieve
Member priorities.
California ties a plus. We strongly encourage women, people of color,
LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, veterans, and members of other
underrepresented communities to apply.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
This is an in-person position in Washington, D.C. with remote work opportunities
available, as well as periodic travel to the District may be required. The position
is eligible for transit benefits and student loan repayment assistance.
Please submit cover letter and resume to CARuizJobs@mail.house.gov and
please include Sr. Legislative Assistant in the Subject Line. Please no walk-ins or
phone calls.

MEM-217-23

The House Appropriations Committee Minority seeks an experienced
Speechwriter.
Competitive candidates will possess the ability to write clearly, persuasively, and
concisely with strong attention to detail. Candidates should have the flexibility to
work under tight deadlines and write about a wide range of topics. In this
Page 19 of 22

position, flexibility and collaboration are as vital as attention to voice and
creativity.
The ideal candidate has at least two years of prior hill or campaign
communications experience, with a preference for candidates with knowledge of
the Appropriations process.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
1.Managing the production of all oral statements and op-eds for the Ranking
Member and other Members of the Committee.
2.Collaborating with the Communications Director, committee staff, and the
Ranking Member’s personal office to produce robust speeches with approved
messaging, as well as well-sourced facts and figures.
3.Writing statements, speeches, op-eds, talking points, messaging guidance, fact
sheets, newsletters, and social media copy.
4.Executing other press responsibilities including compiling the morning clips,
sending out press releases in a timely manner, managing the press list, updating
the website, and other duties as assigned.
Beyond these duties, there is room for candidates to explore other interests
including the creation of graphics, videos, and other digital material. This office
is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three professional references,
and two relevant writing samples to AppropsDemJobs@mail.house.gov with the
following subject line: [Full Name] – Speechwriter
MEM-201-23

Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (OR-6) seeks a Constituent Services
Representative based in Oregon.
This position serves as a caseworker and facilitator to constituents interacting
with federal agencies. The position focuses on veteran and active military
casework and serves as the Congresswoman’s veteran and military representative
to the public. The position will also have additional casework assignments with
other federal agencies.
Primary duties include answering casework correspondence and communications;
acting as a liaison with Federal, State, and local agencies; assessing casework and
community activities for consideration of legislative action, regular engagement
with constituents; preparing correspondence to agency contacts and constituents;
building relationships with a range of constituents and stakeholders throughout
the district; and handling administrative tasks as assigned.
Qualifications include a service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills,
proficiency at prioritizing and managing multiple tasks at one time, a capacity to
Page 20 of 22

work both independently and as part of a team, and strong written and oral
communications skills. Bachelor’s degree preferred and/or 2 to 3 years of
experience. Spanish-language proficiency is a plus. Some in-district travel will be
expected.
This position is currently based in the Salem, Oregon office, with ability to move
to the
Washington County office once established.
Salary range for this position is $55,00 to $65,00 + benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified candidates
are encouraged
to apply.
Please email cover letter and resume to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with
subject line:
Constituent Services Representative. This position will be open until filled.
MEM-176-23

The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director.
The LD will help drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing
and implementing the strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals;
supervise and mentor the legislative staff while advising on the
Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own legislative
portfolio, which will include work on the Black Maternal Health Caucus.
The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior
leadership team to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall
operations. The LD will also help ensure coordination between DC and district
offices on important legislative updates and district-based events and projects.
This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill experience and knowledge of
the legislative process are required. The successful applicant will have crisp and
thorough written and oral communications skills, an entrepreneurial and selfstarting attitude, strong attention to detail, creativity, and be a team player.
Supervisory experience is strongly preferred.
The salary range for this position is 90-110k based on education and experience.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation.

Page 21 of 22

Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to Adrienne.Christian@mail.house.gov
Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with North
Carolina ties. Due to the volume of applications, we receive, we will only contact
you if we decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct
emails, or walk-ins.
MEM-024-23

The Freshman Democrat from Hawai‘i is seeking a Scheduler with strong
judgment, communication skills, and attention to detail to build and oversee all
aspects of scheduling operations for the Member.
This position requires consistent and effective collaboration with all components
of the Member’s office. The Scheduler will work directly with the Chief of Staff,
District Chief, and other senior staff.
Primary duties include, but are not limited to:
•Building the Member’s daily and long-term schedule for DC and the district and
managing this system;
•Responding to all incoming scheduling requests;
•Booking and coordinating travel back to Hawai‘i and within Hawai‘i;
•Ensuring the Member, staff, and external stakeholders have key information
about the schedule;
•Compiling daily briefing materials for the Member and coordinating the
collection of information from staff and other sources;
•Supporting the team with special events and ad hoc projects; and
•Other duties as assigned.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual
orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse backgrounds, especially
with ties to Hawai‘i, are encouraged to apply. Being able to serve as a secondary
driver when needed is preferred, but not required.
Salary will be commensurate with experience.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and references
to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

Page 22 of 22

