House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 10, 2017

MEM-120-17

Senior Republican Appropriator is seeking an experienced Military
Legislative Assistant for their Washington office. Responsibilities will
include staffing Member on Defense Appropriations Subcommittee,
conducting meetings and advising on defense policy, coordinating with DOD
representatives, and supporting Member and district staff to represent the
interest of significant military installation within the district. Absolute
minimum 5 years relevant experience within Department of Defense or as
MLA required and prior military experience preferred. Active TS Clearance
required—applicants without active TS or higher will not be considered.
Interested applicants should send both cover letter and resume to
GOPJobOpportunity@gmail.com.

MEM-118-17

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Homeland Security is
currently seeking a Director of Strategic Initiatives. This individual would
be responsible for all aspects of full committee hearings, including
coordination with subcommittee staff directors and professional staff on
witness scheduling, briefing the Chairman, and writing and vetting opening
statements and questions. Other responsibilities include:
Page 1 of 6






Working in close coordination with senior staff on full committee
activities such as planning congressional delegation trips, site visits,
field hearings, roundtables and various other events.
Engaging with Chair and senior committee staff to craft speeches,
official statements, opinion editorials, talking points, and other public
communications that reflect the Chairman’s agenda.
Helping lead Committee efforts to advance the Chairman’s policy
vision across multiple platforms.
Assisting with crisis response, including in the wake of terrorist
incidents, natural disasters, and other emergency situations.

Previous Hill experience preferred. We ask for no calls or drop ins. Qualified
applicants should email a resume, 2-3 references, and a writing sample to:
resumes.chs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-116-17

Midwest Republican Senator is seeking a Deputy Press Secretary to
contribute to an active press team. Strong writing and editing skills, as well as
knowledge of the legislative process, social media and photography preferred.
Primary responsibilities include drafting op-eds, speeches, press releases, and
talking points; booking and scheduling interviews; maintaining relationships
with local media; and managing social media accounts and office website.
Midwest ties strongly preferred. To be considered, two years of experience in
political communications is required. To apply, candidates should send a
resume, writing samples and two references to
senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating job referral number in the
subject line.

MEM-114-17

Democratic Member of Congress from North Carolina seeks a Legislative
Director for D.C. Office. The legislative portfolio includes education, labor,
and transportation. This individual is responsible for drafting legislation and
amendments, tracking legislation, developing legislative initiatives, writing
speeches and floor statements, staffing the Member in Committee, and
representing the Member in meetings with constituents and interested parties.
Applicants should have experience in education policy, excellent written and
verbal communication skills, work well under pressure in a fast-paced
environment, be a strong team player, and have at least two years of
legislative experience on Capitol Hill. Ties to North Carolina are a plus.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two brief writing
samples along with three references to nchousejobs@gmail.com. Please be
sure to put LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR in the subject line. No drop-ins or
phone calls. The office is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-113-17

Democrat seeks Legislative Director with extensive Hill and legal
experience –litigation experience preferred. The LD will report to the Chief of
Staff and manage all aspects of the legislative team. The LD is responsible for
Page 2 of 6

working with the legislative team, Member, and Chief of Staff to successfully
develop and implement policy strategies that further the member's goals in
both D.C. and the district. Strong communication skills and a focus on
teamwork are critical components of this position. Experience with House
Judiciary Committee, floor procedures, and legislative process are required.
Interest in intellectual property and anti-competition issues required. The LD
position requires someone who pays attention to detail, is passionate about
public service, is proactive, excels working in a fast-paced environment, has
excellent writing ability, and who creates a positive leadership culture. Submit
resume and cover letter, three references and two short writing samples with
the subject line “Legislative Director” to costochj@gmail.com.
MEM-111-17

Senior Democratic Member seeks Policy Advisor to serve in personal office
and on Committee staff. Position will develop and implement legislative
initiatives, conduct oversight and investigations, write floor speeches and
committee statements, and handle meetings with constituents and interest
groups on behalf of Member. Portfolio is flexible, but will likely include civil
liberties, voting rights, criminal justice, immigration and special projects as
necessary. Law degree is strongly preferred, but will consider other advanced
degrees with significant Hill experience. To apply, please email a cover letter
and resume with the words “Policy Advisor” in the subject line to
job_09@live.com. Please paste your cover letter in the body of the email – do
not send letter as an attachment.

MEM-110-17

Florida Democratic Member is seeking a District Press Assistant to join an
aggressive communications team. This position will report to the DC-based
Communications Director. Responsibilities include managing the member’s
social media accounts; coordinating district press events and interviews;
drafting advisories, e-newsletters, social media content (including graphics);
staffing the member at district events, including driving the member; and
other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates must demonstrate a familiarity with
implementing and measuring social media strategy. This position requires
excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to
detail, an ability to multitask and prioritize competing priorities, and a
commitment to working in a team environment. Florida ties and previous Hill
or campaign experience preferred. Qualified applicants should submit resume,
cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and social media samples to
DistrictPressAssistant.FL@gmail.com.

MEM-108-17

The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Majority) is looking to hire a new
Full Committee Staff Assistant.
The front office Staff Assistant would report directly to the Committee Clerk
and should have excellent oral and communication skills, strong organization
skills, attention to detail, a positive attitude and ability to work cooperatively
and courteously with others, patience, and sense of humor.
Page 3 of 6

Qualified candidates please send résumés only to the following e-mail
address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “HVAC Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. No calls or walk-ins.
Your résumé will be reviewed to determine if you are among the top
candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an
interview.
MEM-093-17

Professional Staff Member - Republican Committee in the House of
Representatives seeks candidate with extensive background in health care
policy, with particular emphasis on employer-based health care
programs. Congressional experience desired. Good writing and research skills
necessary. Please send resumes to edandworkresumes@mail.house.gov

MEM-091-17

Congresswoman Alma Adams (NC-12) is seeking applicants for District
Director. The District Director will oversee management and operation of the
District office, serve as a key liaison to local organizations and elected
officials, and develop and implement long-term strategic outreach and
constituent services plans. Qualified candidates will demonstrate significant
management experience, strong oral and written communications skills, selfmotivation and familiarity to local and state organizations. In addition,
qualified candidates must have prior experience in coalition building, a
thorough understanding of the federal legislative process, and in-depth
knowledge of Mecklenburg County, North Carolina. The position requires the
ability to multi-task, work well under pressure, and the flexibility to work
long hours, including nights and weekends as needed. Ties to North
Carolina’s 12th Congressional District are preferred and the position is based
in Charlotte, NC.
To apply for the District Director position, please send cover letter and
resume to nchousejobs@gmail.com with “District Director” in the subject
line. Salary commensurate with experience. This is NOT an entry-level
position. No phone calls, drop-ins or faxes.
The office is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-086-17

Bay Area Congressman seeks Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse
portfolio of issues with particular emphasis on Transportation &
Infrastructure Committee responsibilities. Prior legislative experience on
Capitol Hill required and understanding of California infrastructure priorities
and California ties preferred. Candidates should have excellent research,
writing, and communication skills. Duties include identifying and advancing
policy proposals, committee hearing and mark-up preparation, meetings with
constituents and advocacy organizations, working with California
stakeholders, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Successful
Page 4 of 6

candidates should possess strong interpersonal skills and a willingness to
work in a team environment. Salary commensurate with experience. Office is
an equal opportunity employer.
Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
to CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.
MEM-083-17

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking a
health care professional with expert knowledge of health care quality and
safety, care coordination, integrated health care systems, and health care
administration to serve as a Health Care Investigator. This position involves
examining agency health care activities and composing analytical documents
and policy recommendations in an extremely fast-paced environment. The
ideal candidate will have developed this experience as a nurse (specializing in
care coordination or health care informatics), a physician, or a mental health
professional with strong analytical skills and management experience. A
health care-related investigatory background is preferred, but not required.
Veterans with requisite experience strongly encouraged to apply. Interested
candidates should send their (1) cover letter, (2) resume, (3) references, and
(4) writing sample of a clinical, analytical, or policy nature to
VAR.Resumes@Mail.house.gov with "Health Care Investigator" in the
subject line. No walk-ins, please.

MEM-082-17

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking an
IT professional with technical, project management, and policy expertise to
serve as an Information Technology Investigator. This position involves
examining agency IT activities and translating highly technical subject matter
into analytical documents and policy recommendations in an extremely fastpaced environment; it is not a developer or operations role. Program/project
manager, senior analyst, or subject matter expert-level experience managing
enterprise modernization efforts is required. Government agency, contractor,
or corporate backgrounds are equally acceptable. Health informatics,
particularly electronic health records, experience is strongly preferred.
Qualified veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Prior Hill experience is
helpful but not necessary. Interested candidates should send their (1) cover
letter, (2) resume, (3) references, and (4) writing sample of a policy or
analytical nature to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with "IT Investigator" in
the subject line. No walk-ins please.

MEM-078-17

Midwestern Democratic Member is seeking an experienced legislative staffer
to handle a portfolio including health care and education. Ideal candidate will
have prior experience as a Legislative Assistant or otherwise managing
health care and education policy. Candidate must be proficient at advancing
legislation, analyzing and briefing on complex policy issues, and drafting a
wide array of written materials. Strong written and verbal communication
skills and a demonstrated ability to work collaboratively in a team
Page 5 of 6

environment are critical. This is not an entry level position and interns will
not be considered. At least three years of Hill or other relevant professional
experience is required. Applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and
two writing samples to resume.la@mail.house.gov.
MEM-077-17

Senior GOP Member looking for an experienced Communications Director.
Candidates should have Hill experience, strong writing skills and experience
working with the media. Salary commensurate with experience. Interested
applicants should send their cover letter, resume and writing samples to
TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov.

Page 6 of 6

