________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 6, 2021

MEM-566-21

Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03), a member of the House Armed Services
Committee, House Foreign Affairs Committee, and House Small Business
Committee seeks a hard-working and detail-oriented Scheduler to serve in his
Washington, D.C. office.
Ideal candidates will have exceptional organizational skills, be attentive to detail,
have a positive attitude, be a team player, and be willing to adjust and manage an
ever-changing environment with calm efficiency. Successful applicants will work
well under pressure, anticipate problems, propose solutions, and have excellent
interpersonal communications skills. This position reports to the Chief of Staff
and the Congressman and works closely with the entire team.
RESPONSIBILITES
•Manage all aspects of the Congressman's aggressive schedule in D.C. and NJ,
including daily and long-term planning and needs
•Receive, organize and respond to all incoming scheduling requests with
diligence and professionalism
•Collect all relevant logistical and background information
•Arrange travel, including managing bookings and travel-related expenses
•Work closely with all staff, especially senior staff, to make scheduling
recommendations
•Update the Congressman and relevant staff of any scheduling changes
throughout the day
Page 1 of 17

PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
•1+ years of political/Capitol Hill or executive-level experience, salary
commensurate with experience
•Candidates with ties to New Jersey are strongly encouraged to apply
TO APPLY: Email cover letter, resume, and 2-3 references
to NJ03resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Scheduler: [NAME]”
Please no unsolicited drop-ins, phone calls, or emails to the office.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: Monday, December 13, 2021 at 5PM EST
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
MEM-565-21

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic (Majority) Staff, is
seeking a detail-oriented and organized Assistant Clerk/Security Manager.
The incumbent will work with the Chief Clerk and Deputy Chief Clerk to
coordinate logistical aspects of hearings, markups, and Committee meetings.
Other responsibilities include managing the Legislative Calendar, hearing
documents, Committee archives, and the transcript review process. The
incumbent will serve as the Committee’s Security Manager and manage classified
and sensitive materials, briefings, hearings, meetings, etc.
Responsibilities also include managing security clearances for Members and
staff, managing the Committee SCIF, and coordinating as appropriate with the
House Security Office. Candidates must possess excellent attention to detail,
good written and verbal communication skills, and be able to handle multiple
projects simultaneously in a demanding work environment. A TS or TS/SCI
clearance, or the ability to obtain one, is required. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Interested candidates should e-mail a cover letter and resume
to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Assistant Clerk/Security Manager” in
the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the file name using
the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.

MEM-562-21

Legislative Assistant/Senior Legislative Assistant
Rep. Adriano Espaillat (NY-13) seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant or
Senior Legislative Assistant to be the primary staff member handling foreign
Page 2 of 17

affairs and his work on the House Appropriations Committee Subcommittee on
State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs. Additional responsibilities
could include trade, energy, environment, judiciary, defense, armed services,
homeland security, judiciary, agriculture, and LGBTQ issues.
This position is based in our Washington, DC office and applicants should have
previous experience on Capitol Hill, work well in a fast paced and team-oriented
environment, be progressive, organized, creative, self-motivated, work well under
pressure, and possess strong verbal and written communication, organizational,
and time management skills. Spanish fluency is a plus, though not required.
Essential Job Functions:
● Support the Member during the legislative process, including drafting, editing
and monitoring legislation, amendments, resolutions, memos and other written
work
● Conduct policy and legal research, tracks bills, and identify and monitor
specific issues based on portfolio
● Staff the Member at meetings based on portfolio
● Learn and stay up-to-date with ongoing policy matters related to legislative
portfolio and issue areas
● Build relationships with federal, state, and local stakeholders
● Work with the district office team to ensure Congressman Espaillat’s legislative
priorities are communicated effectively in the district
COMPENSATION: Competitive and includes health insurance, dental, federal
student loan payment (terms apply), and paid family leave.
WORKING CONDITIONS: Our office has been modified to meet COVID-19
facility requirements and constituent meetings are held by appointment only.
HOW TO APPLY: Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and
two writing samples (bill, e-dear colleague, policy memo, talking points, etc.)
to Espaillat_Jobs@mail.house.gov with subject line “NY13 Legislative
Assistant”.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply. Due to the volume of applications we receive, we will only
contact you if we decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls,
direct emails, or walk-ins.
DEADLINE: Applicants should apply by Friday, December 10th for
consideration.

Page 3 of 17

MEM-561-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Economic and Consumer Policy, Democratic (Majority) Staff –
Counsel
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. The Subcommittee on Economic and
Consumer Policy conducts investigations, writes reports, and holds hearings on a
wide range of issues affecting consumers (e.g., marketing e-cigarettes to children;
the presence of lead and other toxic metals in baby food).
The ideal candidate will be a strong writer with prior investigative experience and
a demonstrated interest in consumer protection. Responsibilities include
developing ideas for investigations, drafting document requests, reviewing
documents, interviewing witnesses, writing reports, and preparing for hearings.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Economic and Consumer Policy” in the subject line. Please use the following
formats for file names: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.CoverLetter.”

MEM-559-21

Communications Director, Blue Dog Coalition
The Democratic Blue Dog Coalition is seeking an experienced communications
professional to serve as the communications director in the U.S. House of
Representatives.
This position serves as a shared staffer who advises the Coalition’s leadership on
communications and outreach efforts to maintain the Coalition’s longstanding
brand of dedication to fiscal responsibility, a strong national defense, and
pragmatic governance. This position works together with the Coalition’s
Executive Director and Policy Coordinator, as well as the Coalition’s Co-Chair
for Communications and Outreach and other Co-Chairs and their staff to develop
strategic positions on policy and legislative issues that fall under the Coalition’s
policy focus.
This position manages both the long-term strategic communications strategy and
day-to-day press for the Coalition, ranging from drafting statements on news of
the day, to responding to press inquiries and pitching stories, to managing the
Coalition’s social media accounts and website, to setting up press availability
opportunities (i.e. press conferences, press calls, or pen/pads), to developing and
executing a long-term communications plan.
In addition to managing the communications of the Coalition, this position also
serves as a resource to all Coalition Member offices to provide any
Page 4 of 17

communications counsel they may need. This position requires someone who is a
resourceful team player who can track frequently changing, complex policy and
legislative dynamics, understand the priorities and political calculus of
individual Blue Dog Members, and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
This is not an entry level position. Past communications experience in a House
frontline office or for a competitive House campaign is a strong plus. Previous
Capitol Hill experience is a plus.
The Blue Dog Coalition is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the bases of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
No calls or drop-ins, please.
Candidates should submit a cover letter (with salary requirements), resume, at
least two writing samples, all three in a PDF format, as attachments
to BlueDogResumes@gmail.com with the subject line “Communications
Director” by Friday, December 31.
REQUIRED SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE:
- At least three to four years of previous professional communications experience.
- Experience at a college student media organization and/or a bachelor’s degree in
journalism, public relations or another related field is a plus, but not required.
- Strong writing and editing skills as well as attention to detail. This person will
be
expected to draft talking points and other messaging materials, press releases,
newsletters, op-eds, letters, and other written material coming from the Coalition.
- Ability to work well under the pressure of tight deadlines while also managing
multiple
major projects and approval processes at once.
- Ability to work independently as well as in team environments.
- Ability to develop and maintain relationships with print, digital and broadcast
reporters.
- Existing relationships with members of the Capitol Hill press corps is a plus.
- Digital experience is a plus.
- A strong understanding of narrative and brand management.
- Ability to track news of the day and remain knowledgeable of issues the
Coalition’s
leadership may be expected to weigh in on publicly.
- Knowledge of legislative procedures.
- Ability to work amicably with a wide variety of personalities, to exercise
discretion, to
learn quickly, and to get the job done without needing to be reminded. This job
requires
someone with a diplomatic, cooperative personality.
Page 5 of 17

MEM-556-21

Director of Financial Disclosure (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an experienced government ethics attorney to serve as the Director of
Financial Disclosure for the Committee.
The Director will oversee the Committee’s Financial Disclosure Office and will
manage a nonpartisan staff of attorneys and other professionals. The Financial
Disclosure Office is responsible for reviewing and certifying financial statements;
providing legal advice on a high volume of financial disclosure issues; and
educating and training Members of Congress and their staff through frequent
telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess a minimum of 5 years of experience with government ethics, outstanding
analytical and written and oral communication skills, the ability to build
consensus, and the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is also desirable: ethics
counseling and training, accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation,
corporate finance, securities law, and familiarity with Congress and its unique
institutional prerogatives. Previous management experience preferred. The salary
range for this position is $161,700 to $172,500, with the possibility for
discretionary bonuses.
Please email resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Director of Financial” in
the subject line.

MEM-553-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Professional Staff – Labor position based in Washington, DC to provide
legislative analysis on a broad range of labor and employment policy.
Primary responsibilities include assisting the labor policy team in the formulation
of legislative initiatives, working with stakeholders, tracking legislation
developments, and responding to member staff.
The ideal candidate will have excellent writing, analytical, and interpersonal
skills, with a proven ability to prioritize, multi-task, and meet tight deadlines in a
rigorous environment. Knowledge of the legislative process, prior Hill experience
and relevant experience in labor policy is desirable. To apply, applicants must
submit a cover letter, resume, 2 writing samples (3-5 pages), and 3 professional
references.

Page 6 of 17

Please submit all materials to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Professional
Staff - Labor” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with education and
experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-552-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks an
experienced attorney for a Labor Policy Counsel position based in Washington,
DC to provide legal analysis on legislative issues.
Qualified candidates will have policy or legal experience related to employment
and labor law with a strong emphasis on knowledge of the National Labor
Relations Act, Fair Labor Standards Act, and Family and Medical Leave Act. In
addition, expertise with federal prevailing wage laws, child labor laws, guest
worker programs, workplace safety or federal workers’ compensation laws is
desirable.
Qualified applicants must have a J.D. with at least 3-5 years of experience in the
legal field, with a strong preference for previous executive branch experience
and/or relative legislative experience in labor policy. The candidate should also
possess a strong work ethic, should work well in a team, and should be
comfortable working in a fast-paced environment.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, 2 writing samples (5-10 pages), and 3
professional references. Please submit all materials
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Labor Policy Counsel” in the subject line.
Salary commensurate with education and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-551-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks an
experienced attorney for a Civil Rights Counsel – Labor and Health position
based in Washington, DC to provide legal analysis on legislative issues involving
civil rights, labor and health.
Qualified applicants must have a J.D. with at least 5+ years of experience in the
legal field, with a strong preference for previous executive branch experience
and/or relative legislative experience in labor and health policy. The candidate
must demonstrate a strong understanding of civil rights statutes, possess a strong

Page 7 of 17

work ethic, should work well in a team, and should be comfortable working in a
fast-paced environment.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, 2 writing samples (5-10 pages), and 3
professional references. Please submit all materials
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Civil Rights Counsel – Labor and Health” in
the subject line. Salary commensurate with education and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-550-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks an
experienced attorney for a Civil Rights Counsel – Education position based in
Washington, DC to provide legal analysis on legislative issues involving civil
rights and education.
Qualified applicants must have a J.D. with at least 5+ years of experience in the
legal field, with a strong preference for previous executive branch experience
and/or relative legislative experience in education policy. The candidate must
demonstrate a strong understanding of civil rights statues, possess a strong work
ethic, should work well in a team, and should be comfortable working in a fastpaced environment.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, 2 writing samples (5-10 pages), and 3
professional references. Please submit all materials
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Civil Rights Counsel – Education” in the
subject line. Salary commensurate with education and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-549-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks an
experienced attorney for an Oversight Counsel – Labor and Health position
based in Washington, DC to manage oversight and investigations on the labor
and health team.
Responsibilities include organizing oversight hearings, writing investigative
reports and executing a complementary legislative and oversight strategy with
positive results. Qualified applicants must have a J.D. and relevant policy
experience with at least 3-5 years of experience conducting investigations.
Experience in labor and health policy is not a requirement, however preferred.
Page 8 of 17

In addition, the applicant must have exceptional writing skills, strong attention to
detail, and the ability to juggle multiple projects. To apply, applicants must
submit a resume, a writing sample (5-10 pages), a writing sample describing an
investigation the applicant would like to pursue, and 3 professional references.
The second writing sample must include a hyperlink to a current news item from
any source (newspapers, blogs, or other websites) and two paragraphs detailing
why the Committee should investigate the issue presented and the steps the
applicant would take to begin an investigation.
Please submit all materials to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Oversight
Counsel – Labor and Health” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with
education and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-548-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks an
experienced attorney for an Oversight Counsel – Education position based in
Washington, DC to manage oversight and investigations on the education team.
Responsibilities include organizing oversight hearings, writing investigative
reports and executing a complementary legislative and oversight strategy with
positive results. Qualified applicants must have a J.D. and relevant policy
experience with at least 3-5 years of experience conducting investigations.
Experience in education policy is not a requirement, however preferred. In
addition, the applicant must have exceptional writing skills, strong attention to
detail, and the ability to juggle multiple projects.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, a writing sample (5-10 pages), a
writing sample describing an investigation the applicant would like to pursue, and
3 professional references. The second writing sample must include a hyperlink to
a current news item from any source (newspapers, blogs, or other websites) and
two paragraphs detailing why the Committee should investigate the issue
presented and the steps the applicant would take to begin an investigation.
Please submit all materials to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Oversight
Counsel - Education” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with education
and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

Page 9 of 17

MEM-546-21

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines. A successful
candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the box about
various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or casework
experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-545-21

Congressman Ken Buck, the Ranking Member of House Antitrust Subcommittee
and Senior member of the Judiciary Committee seeks an experienced Chief
Counsel to oversee the Big Tech investigation.
Responsibilities include working with the Chief of Staff and Legislative Director
to develop legislative strategies and advance the Congressman’s priorities
through Judiciary Committee hearings and oversight; researching and writing
legal memoranda and briefs; conducting executive and judicial branch oversight
and investigations; developing and composing oversight letters; developing and
drafting legislation; working with communications staff; and meeting with
stakeholders.
Candidates must be exceptionally strong writers, detail-oriented, able to work
under tight deadlines, and able to handle multiple projects at once. Previous Hill
experience in strongly advised.
Please submit a resume to: co04.resumes@gmail.com

Page 10 of 17

MEM-544-21

Bay Area Democrat seeks a highly organized and dedicated scheduler for
Washington DC office. Scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's daily
and long-term schedule in DC and in the district. This individual will work
closely with the member, DC and district staff.
This person should be well-organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and able to
work effectively in a fast-paced office.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
invitations and scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the member; and
managing operational and logistical support for the office.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate should have prior
scheduling experience on the Hill or comparable work environment. Women,
LGBTQ+, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply, as well as candidates with California ties.
Please submit your resume, cover letter and two references
to CAHouseJob@mail.house.gov and include “Scheduler” in the subject line.

MEM-543-21

Congressman Jim Clyburn, Chairman of the House Select Subcommittee on the
Coronavirus Crisis, seeks a Digital Director/Press Secretary to lead the
Majority staff’s digital strategy and support all aspects of the committee’s press
operations.
The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in graphic design and
developing social media content, as well as impeccable writing skills and
experience drafting and editing press releases, op-eds, and talking points.
Responsibilities include developing all social media content and actively
managing the committee’s social media platforms and website; developing
graphical content for committee reports and visual aids for hearings and other
events; video filming and editing and photography; and working with the house
recording studio to manage livestreams for hearings and other events. Additional
responsibilities including working with the Communications Director to draft
press releases and other materials, compiling and maintaining press lists,
responding to media inquiries, and coordinating interviews and press events.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. The successful candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well
under pressure, be self-motivated and willing to be responsive outside of normal
business hours, and enjoy working on a team. Several years of congressional or
other political experience are preferred.

Page 11 of 17

Please send a resume, cover letter, digital portfolio and one short writing sample
to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with “Digital Director/Press Secretary” in the
subject line.
MEM-542-21

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a high-energy, highly-organized,
and detail-oriented District Staff Member for his offices in Western Maryland.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
●Staffer will work out of the Hagerstown and Cumberland District Offices.
●Serve as the official representative for the Member in the Western Maryland
community.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships for
the Member.
●Monitor and update the Member and District Director on local issues of
importance.
●Staff and provide logistical support for district meetings and events for the
Member.
●Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
●Answer correspondence and verbal communications with constituents in a
timely manner.
●Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
●Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
●Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
●Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
●Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
●Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
●Strong oral and written communication skills.
●Thorough knowledge of the legislative process.
●Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
●Maryland ties are a plus.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to md06.jobs@gmail.com with
“District Staff” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins.

MEM-539-21

Nevada’s 4th District Democratic Member of Congress seeks a highly organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for a position in our North Las Vegas,
Nevada District office. Candidates must be comfortable working with the public,
have excellent oral and written communication skills, problem solving abilities.
Page 12 of 17

Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests, answering
phones, conducting tours, overseeing an active mail program;
•Sorting/batching correspondence, drafting correspondence and ensuring a swift
turnaround time;
•Responding to constituent mail, keeping abreast of legislative developments, and
meeting with constituent groups;
•Assisting District Representatives as needed, and
•Perform all other duties as assigned and required
The ideal candidate will be/must have:
•Passionate about public service and committed to democratic values;
•Strong writing, communication skills and be detail-oriented;
•Have advanced experience with spreadsheets and forms,
•A poised, confident, self-starter, and team-player with a sense of humor; and
•The ability to work in a high-paced environment.
•The ability work weekends and holidays
•Have reliable transportation, auto insurance and a clean driving record
•Currently enrolled in an ungraduated degree program at a college or university
or have a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in the related fields of human services
or social work, and a minimum of one-year relevant experience in community or
human services.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Spanish language skills and District ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, one writing sample and
three professional references in a single PDF file. Email submissions to the
Director of Administration, nv04resume@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-DSA-2 __last name, First name".
MEM-538-21

Congressman Ami Bera, M.D. seeks a Legislative Assistant to lead the
Member’s health care portfolio, as well as other issues as assigned.
The position manages work leading and contributing to multiple caucuses,
priority legislation and efforts, and working closely with bipartisan stakeholders
both on and off the Hill. Successful candidates will have strong oral and written
communication skills, and demonstrated experience advancing a legislative
agenda, working with diverse coalitions, and representing Members of Congress
in front of stakeholders and constituents. Professional health policy experience
and Hill familiarity is preferred.
The ideal candidate will be able to thrive in a fast paced environment; excel at
proactively identifying, prioritizing, and executing strategic opportunities to
Page 13 of 17

influence health policy; work well both independently and collaboratively; and
have a sense of humor.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter in one PDF
to ca07jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or drop-ins.
MEM-537-21

Congressman Ruben Gallego (AZ-07) seeks an enthusiastic, people-oriented, and
dependable professional to serve as a Field Representative/ Caseworker in his
Phoenix District Office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: establishing and maintaining
relationships with local organizations, businesses and community leaders on
behalf of the Congressman; monitoring District and local issues; acting as liaison
to federal agencies; handling casework; managing special projects; and assisting
with events and other activities as assigned.
Travel throughout the district is required, thus the candidate must have a valid
driver’s license, reliable transportation and appropriate automobile insurance. The
Field Representative / Caseworker must be a dedicated, hard-working, team
player. Prior experience in government, the nonprofit sector, community or
grassroots organizing is preferred.
Applicants should have a service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills,
proficiency at prioritizing and managing multiple projects at one time. Applicants
must demonstrate a capacity to work both independently and as part of a team, as
well as possess strong written and oral communications skills. A working
knowledge of Arizona’s 7th Congressional District is preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a list of three
references to: monica.sandschafer@mail.house.gov.

MEM-536-21

Congressman Ruben Gallego (AZ-07) seeks a Staff Assistant in his Phoenix
District Office. This is a full-time position located in Phoenix, AZ.
The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, and responds to
constituent requests for general information. The Staff Assistant plays a central
role in the day-to-day operations of the District Office by monitoring delivery and
pickup of materials, maintaining front-of-house systems, and assisting with
administrative and other duties as assigned.

Page 14 of 17

The Staff Assistant supports the Constituent Services team’s correspondence with
federal agencies and constituents. In addition, the Staff Assistant works with the
Outreach Director to maintain and expand Member presence in the District.
Ideal candidates will have great interpersonal skills, strong organizational skills,
experience in a professional office setting, and a working knowledge of Arizona’s
7th Congressional District. The Staff Assistant will interact daily and directly
with the public, so experience in customer service is desired.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a list of three
references to: monica.sandschafer@mail.house.gov.
MEM-528-21

Staff Assistant – Senior Republican Congressman
Senior Republican Member of Congress seeks a dependable and energetic staff
assistant for the Washington, D.C. office. Primary responsibilities include
answering phones, processing mail, meeting and greeting visitors to the office,
processing flag and tour requests, and supporting staff with a variety of tasks,
including driving the member to appointments.
Ideal candidates must have excellent organizational, time management and
problem solving skills. Must be comfortable working in a fast-paced environment
both independently and as part of a team. Pennsylvania ties and a sense of humor
are preferred, but not required.
Candidates must have an impeccable driving record and their own vehicle. Please
resumes to Lindsay.Reusser@mail.house.gov with the subject line: PA Staff
Assistant. No calls please.

MEM-525-21

Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) seeks an experienced and creative
Digital Director to join an active communications team and manage all digital
communications for his official office.
This role will work closely with the Communications Director to develop and
execute the Congressman’s long-term communications plan. The Digital Director
will be responsible for developing a long-term digital strategy and plan for the
office, managing and updating the official website, developing daily content for
all social media platforms, creating regular content for all social media platforms
including compelling videos, graphics, and other shareable visuals, expanding the
e-newsletter program, and analyzing online engagement for future optimization.

Page 15 of 17

Applicants should be innovative, hard-working, detail-oriented, creative, strong
writers, and team players who can work closely with other members of the
communications and policy teams and an active mentor for junior staffers.
Applicants must also have a deep understanding of digital tools and experience
with graphic design, video production, and photography.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill, campaign, or digital
agency experience strongly preferred. Ties to New York are preferred but not
required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender
identity, or disability. Please email a cover letter, resume, and a portfolio of past
digital work to ny18applications@gmail.com
MEM-516-21

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn
Maloney (D-NY) seeks to fill a Senior Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
Several years of investigative or litigation experience is required. Health care
sector experience or policy background is strongly preferred. Responsibilities
include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and managing
congressional investigations and hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds
and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Senior Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter
with the file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume”
and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.”
No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-515-21

Staff Assistant /District Field Representative – The district office of
Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks a hard-working, organized individual to
serve as a Staff Assistant & District Field Representative.
This position primarily entails constituent casework and member staffing
responsibilities including driving the member of Congress to and from events and
meetings. Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials,
representing the Congressman at community and governmental events, special
projects, as well as general office work.
Candidates should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and
must enjoy working with the public. Prior experience in government, the nonPage 16 of 17

profit sector, community and grassroots organizing is preferred. Applicant must
have a valid driver license and full access to a vehicle. This position is based in
New Jersey.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and references by
email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 17 of 17

