House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 28, 2014
MEM-183-14

Democratic member seeks highly proactive, experienced Communications
Director to develop and implement an aggressive media plan in a fast-paced,
high-energy environment. Potential candidate must have proven track record
with local and national media, possess ability to manage staff and entire media
portfolio. Significant speech writing is required. Outstanding writing skills are
required including: press statements, social media, op-eds, floor remarks, and
keynote speeches. Understanding of key policy areas, including health care is
desired. Qualified candidates would have 3-5 years of previous experience
(NOT ENTRY LEVEL POSITION) and should submit an email to
resumes4@mail.house.gov (with subject line: Communications Director) and
attach a resume and cover letter.

MEM-182-14

Senior, progressive California member seeks highly proactive, experienced
Communications Director to develop and implement a strategic media plan
in a fast-paced and results-driven environment. Potential candidate must have
proven track record with national media and ethnic press, possess ability to
manage robust digital media portfolio, and utilize aggressive pitching
strategies. Outstanding writing skills are required for varying mediums
Page 1 of 2

including: press statements, social media, op-eds, floor remarks, and keynote
speeches. Understanding of key policy areas, including poverty, foreign
affairs, and HIV/AIDS is desired. This is NOT an entry level position.
Qualified candidates should submit resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples (press release and or op-ed) to lee.resumes@mail.house.gov.
Minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No call or drop bys, please.
MEM-181-14

Florida Democrat seeks a highly-organized, detail-oriented Deputy
Scheduler/Office Manager for the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities
include organizing and tracking invitations, speaking engagements and
scheduling requests for the Member; travel reservations; and coordinating with
district office. Additionally, the Deputy Scheduler/Office Manager will work
closely with the Chief of Staff to ensure efficient and seamless office
operations. Ideal candidates will pay close attention to detail, understand the
House floor schedule/procedures, remain flexible under pressure, be a team
player, and be able to navigate competing demands. Candidates must be on
call and available to assist the Member after regular business hours. Applicants
must have excellent organizational skills, strong written and verbal
communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, savvy political instincts,
poise and ability to thrive in a fast paced environment. Florida ties are
preferred and no phone calls, emails or drop-bys. Please submit resume to
FL23Resume@mail.house.gov

Page 2 of 2

