House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 21, 2020

MEM-244-20

Legislative Assistant – Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic,
motivated and organized lawyer with strong interpersonal, legal and writing
skills.
The ideal candidate will be able to manage multiple tasks and work well
under pressure. The Legislative Assistant works with the Chief
Counsel/Legislative Director and with the Chief of Staff to develop and
implement the Member’s legislative strategy in his/her issue areas; prepares
materials for hearings; drafts legislation, amendments, and congressional
record statements; and conducts research. The ability to write well under tight
deadlines is essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented, problem
solving lawyer and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box.
Prior Hill, law firm or similar experience is preferred but not always required.
Candidate must possess a law degree and be, or be willing to become, a
resident of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience
level.
Page 1 of 10

Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
MEM-243-20

Nevada’s 4th District Democratic Member of Congress seeks a highly
organized, passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for a position in our
North Las Vegas, Nevada District office.
Candidates must be comfortable working with the public, have excellent oral
and written communication skills, problem solving abilities.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests,
answering phones, conducting tours, overseeing an active mail program;
•Sorting/batching correspondence, drafting correspondence and ensuring a
swift turnaround time;
•Responding to constituent mail, keeping abreast of legislative developments,
and meeting with constituent groups;
•Assisting District Representatives as needed, and
•Perform all other duties as assigned and required
The ideal candidate will be/must have:
•Passionate about public service and committed to democratic values;
•Strong writing, communication skills and be detail-oriented;
•Have advanced experience with spreadsheets and forms,
•A poised, confident, self-starter, and team-player with a sense of humor; and
•The ability to work in a high-paced environment.
•The ability work weekends and holidays
•Have reliable transportation, auto insurance and a clean driving record
•Currently enrolled in an ungraduated degree program at a college or
university or have a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in the related fields of
human services or social work, and a minimum of one-year relevant
experience in community or human services.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Spanish language skills and District ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, one writing sample
and three professional references in a single PDF file. Email submissions to
the Director of Administration, selena.harvey@mail.house.gov.
Subject line must read " MEM-NV04-SA-20 __last name" and all
submissions must be received by September 24, 2020, at 5:00 p.m. PST.

Page 2 of 10

MEM-242-20

Nevada’s 4th District Democratic Member of Congress seeks a highly
talented, organized, passionate, team-oriented Social Media Manager/Staff
Assistant for our North Las Vegas, Nevada District office.
Candidates must be comfortable working with the public, have experience
administering and creating original text and video content, managing post and
social media accounts, and have excellent oral and written communication
skills and able to express the Congressman’s voice creatively.
As a Social media manager, candidate must be up-to-date with the latest
digital technological and social media trends. Able to handle the
Congressman’s social media presence ensuring high levels of web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
•Assisting to draft news releases, social media post, op-ed and talking points;
•Designing graphics for both social media and web content;
•Monitoring social media for trending topics;
•Maintaining and updating press lists;
•Compiling daily press clips;
•Perform research on current benchmark trends and audience preferences;
•Design and implement social media strategy to align with Congressman’s
goals
•Generate, edit, publish and share engaging content daily (e.g. original text,
photos, videos and news);
•Collaborate with the Press Secretary, and other staff members.
•Communicate with constituents, stakeholder and community leaders, respond
to queries in a timely manner and monitor social media views and comments;
•Oversee social media accounts’ design (e.g. Facebook timeline cover,
Instagram, Twitter);
•Suggest and implement new features to develop legislation awareness;
•Stay up-to-date with current technologies and trends in social media, design
tools and applications;
•Managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests,
answering phones, overseeing an active mail program;
•Sorting/batching correspondence, drafting correspondence and ensuring a
swift turnaround time;
•Responding to constituent mail, keeping abreast of legislative developments,
and meeting with constituent groups.
The ideal candidate will be/must have:
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Passionate about public service and committed to the Congressman’s values;
•Poised, confident, self-starter, and team-player with a sense of humor;
•The ability to work in a high-paced environment;
•The ability to perform under pressure while managing multiple task;
Page 3 of 10

•Sound political judgment;
•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman
is involved;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, procedures, and computer
applications;
•Proven work experience as a Social media manager;
•Hands on experience in content management;
•Ability to deliver creative content (text, image and video);
•Solid knowledge of SEO, keyword research and Google analytics;
•Familiarity with web design;
•Excellent communication skills;
•Analytical and multitasking skills;
•Social media and digital experience;
•Bachelor’s degree in Communications or Marketing or relevant fields
Prior Hill or campaign communications experience, as well as professional
social media and digital experience (including graphic design and photo and
video editing) is preferred.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.
District ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, one writing sample,
and three professional references in a single PDF file-- email submissions to
the Director of Administration, selena.harvey@mail.house.gov.
The Subject line must read " MEM-NV04-SMM/SA-20_ Last Name".
All submissions must be received by September 28, 2020, at 5:00 p.m. PST.
MEM-241-20

CA-based Democratic Representative is seeking a motivated and organized
Staff Assistant with excellent oral and written communication skills for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing front desk operations, answering
telephones, greeting visitors, coordinating tours for visiting guests, processing
Page 4 of 10

flag requests, addressing constituent matters, and assisting the Member and
legislative staff as needed.
Additional duties include managing the intern program and special projects,
as assigned. Hill experience and California state ties are a plus as is prior
work experience with Microsoft Office Suite and IConstituent.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, or sexual orientation. Diverse candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send your cover letter, resume, and two 1-2 page writing
samples to sajob2408@gmail.com and put “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line.
MEM-240-20

Staff Assistant /District Field Representative – The district office of
Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks a hard-working, organized individual to
serve as a Staff Assistant & District Field Representative.
This position primarily entails constituent casework and community outreach.
Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials,
representing the Congressman at community and governmental events,
special projects, as well as general office work. Candidates should possess
excellent verbal and written communication skills, and must enjoy working
with the public.
Prior experience in government, the non-profit sector, community and
grassroots organizing is preferred. This position is based in New Jersey.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and references
by email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-239-20

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR– The bi-partisan Problem
Solvers Caucus (PSC) seeks an innovative, strategic, and experienced
Communications Director to help build and promote the caucus’s
national image and manage its press, social media and communications
operations.
Candidates must possess strong writing, communication, and
organizational skills, digital and social media savviness, a good sense of
humor, creativity, and the ability to work with members and their staff under
tight deadlines.

Page 5 of 10

Previous Capitol Hill and on-the-record experience is important, as is
a disposition aligned with the caucus mission of breaking gridlock in
Congress by promoting bi-partisan, bi-cameral collaboration and policies.
Candidates should also have a good sense of graphic design, website
and social media design, and be skilled at conveying political messages to a
national audience through print, television and digital media.
Responsibilities include the coordination of day-to-day press operations
and outreach, the drafting of press releases, development of innovative and
effective strategic communications strategies, the creation of compelling
social media content including graphics and videos, organizing media events,
distributing information to PSC member offices, and the preparation
of talking points, op-eds and speeches.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two
writing samples to Nathaniel.Sizemore@mail.house.gov with “PSC Comms
Director” in the Subject Line.
The Problem Solvers Caucus is an equal opportunity employer; we do not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, gender identity, or expression, or sexual orientation.
Women, people of color, veterans, and LGBTQIA individuals are strongly
encouraged to apply.
MEM-238-20

House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight &
Investigations is seeking a professional staffer or counsel to work on
oversight issues related to the Committee’s broad jurisdiction for the
Committee’s Democratic staff.
Areas of expertise under the Committee’s jurisdiction preferred, including
public health, environment, energy, and cybersecurity. Experience with
congressional oversight, investigations, or issues within the Committee’s
jurisdiction is a plus.
Responsibilities include staffing Congressional hearings, conducting research
and investigations, writing and editing, and conducting document review and
analysis.
Successful candidate will be detail oriented, possessing strong communication
and writing skills. Five years of professional experience and a J.D. preferred
but not required, as experience within the areas of the Committee’s
jurisdiction may be equally relevant.
Salary commensurate with skills and experience.
Page 6 of 10

Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at least two professional
references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-237-20

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) is seeking a highly
motivated Legislative Assistant to join her team.
Legislative portfolio will be focused on education, labor, and financial
services, but will also include tax, budget, trade, and judiciary, among other
issues.
This position will also spearhead the Congresswoman’s Future of Work
Caucus, which encompasses crafting legislation, developing stakeholder
relationships, managing the caucus as a resource for Congress on related
issues, and putting together caucus events with members and stakeholders.
Qualified candidates should have a good knowledge of the legislative process,
coalition building, and have the ability to maintain strategic relationships with
constituent organizations.
This position requires the ability to advance the Congresswoman’s legislative
priorities in their issue portfolio and be creative in spotting new legislative
opportunities.
Candidates must be self-starters, able to meet short deadlines, and juggle
many priorities in a fast-paced environment.
Ties to Delaware are a plus.
This is not an entry level position and this is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line by COB September 28, 2020.
No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.

MEM-235-20

Legislative Assistant/ Healthcare & Economic Justice
Senior Appropriator seeks experienced staff person to advance healthcare
equity Appropriations agenda. Portfolio also includes environment and
poverty/economic justice issues.
Responsibilities include staffing HHS Appropriations Committee hearings,
developing and advancing a proactive legislative agenda on poverty and
economic justice, drafting and analyzing legislation, writing policy memos
and talking points, working with outside stakeholders, and meeting with
Page 7 of 10

constituents.
Ideal candidates will be excellent writers, have a thorough understanding of
the Appropriations process, and experience working on healthcare policy and
economic/racial equity issues.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous Hill experience is required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, or sexual orientation.
We strongly value the diversity of our employees.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and short writing sample to
lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
MEM-231-20

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai’i - 01) is seeking an experienced
Scheduler/Executive Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office.
Duties include but are not limited to managing all aspects of the
Congressman’s daily and long-term schedule in D.C., the District and
elsewhere, and coordinating and implementing all administrative functions of
the D.C. office including constituent requests and records management. Direct
report is to the Chief of Staff although the Congressman is routinely involved
in all aspects of his office operations.
Very strong preference given to (1) prior Capitol Hill experience especially in
scheduling and (2) Hawai’i background, and applicants are asked to detail
these attributes. The position also requires initiative, strong interpersonal
skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and effectively under
pressure, make decisions and solve problems, orientation to detail, excellent
verbal communication and writing skills, and long hours especially adjusting
to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Scheduler/Executive
Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-206-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire a Research
and Data Analyst.
In this capacity the Analyst will be responsible for leading data and research
collection and analysis for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion. This
individual will lead the development of the required diversity report, maintain

Page 8 of 10

key metrics and key performance indicators for the Office, and serve as a
resource for external and internal diversity best practices.
This individual will also serve as the project manager for any consultants
and/or contractors with whom the Office may engage to support the
completion of the diversity report and to develop relevant diversity and
inclusion-based training, in collaboration with the Congressional Staff
Academy.
Key Responsibilities
• This staffer will assist in the translation of research findings into materials
that staff can effectively utilize in their engagements with Members and
Member offices.
• Provide research support on diversity and inclusion studies, techniques and
tools.
• Serve as project manager for the diversity report and, where necessary,
direct and coordinate activities of external consultants.
• Research and study best practices for retention and growth in House
employing offices.
• Lead data tracking and reporting with a focus on performance and results.
• Prepare regular updates and briefing documents on research that is relevant
to House employing offices.
• Assist with the development and delivery of training sessions and, as
needed, conduct presentations at professional conferences and meetings.
Master’s degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field; or equivalent
level of experience providing technical assistance, data collections and/or
research.
• Must have knowledge and experience in diversity, equity, and inclusion
research efforts, ideally with a strong background in curriculum development.
Current working knowledge of coalition functioning, evaluation and research.
• Quantitative and qualitative evaluation and research skills.
• Expertise using relevant software.
• Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a
diverse team.
• Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on
assignment.
• Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
• Extensive computer skills, including data input.
Interested candidates should apply by following the instructions here:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/86?c=house
Candidates will be asked to upload a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples.

Page 9 of 10

Salary commensurate with experience.
Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

Page 10 of 10

