House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 26, 2017

MEM-180-17

Congresswoman Alma Adams seeks a District Liaison for her Charlotte, NC
district office. Successful candidates will have familiarity with federal
agencies, excellent written and oral communication skills, the ability to
exercise discretion and independent judgment, and will be teamoriented. Additionally, a strong knowledge or connection to Mecklenburg
County is a plus. Core responsibilities include answering casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents, managing and
navigating constituents’ casework through federal agencies, attending and
participating in community meetings and events, including some evenings and
weekends, and assessing casework and community activities for matters
warranting legislative action.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter and resume to
nc12scheduler@mail.house.gov.

MEM-176-17

House Republican seeks qualified Legislative Assistant to oversee various
issues including health care, education, oversight, and social issues, etc. The
Legislative Assistant, together with legislative staff advises the Congressman
Page 1 of 7

on all legislative areas. This position assists in the development of policy,
communications and legislative initiatives. Excellent writing and
communication skills required.
Desirable Skills
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization
and procedures;
• Ability to perform essential job functions above;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Provides necessary organization, leadership and motivation to excel in
given tasks;
• Excellent oral and written communications skills;
Required Certifications
2 years Hill experience required with strong knowledge of health care issues.
Please send resumes to: employment1776@gmail.com.
MEM-175-17

South Florida Progressive Democrat seeks a District Director to oversee all
outreach and constituent services within the district. This individual will: act
as the Member's primary liaison to all government, community and constituent
groups and civic leaders; monitor developments, opinions and concerns in the
district and update the Member accordingly; attend civic meetings, community
gatherings, and other events, representing the Member when needed; direct the
work of district outreach, case managers and other district staff in support of
the office’s outreach plan; as well as other administrative and management
duties assigned.
The ideal candidate will have excellent oral and written communications skills,
demonstrate initiative, including a proven capability to generate new ideas, and
the ability to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment.
Qualified applicants will have several years of experience in government
and/or community outreach, media relations, solid ties to the district and
South Florida, and a strong knowledge of local issues, geography and
demographics. Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume,
references, to repdwsresumes@gmail.com with the subject line “District
Director.” No phone calls or drop-bys, please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or
sexual orientation.

MEM-173-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a senior legislative aide with a
minimum of three years of Hill experience. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Advanced degree a
Page 2 of 7

plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three references to
DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use title on your email: Senior LA
Position. No drop-ins please.
MEM-172-17

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a
health care professional with expert knowledge of health care quality and
safety, care coordination, integrated health care systems, and health care
administration. This position involves examining agency health care
activities and composing analytical documents and policy recommendations
in an extremely fast-paced environment. The ideal candidate will have
developed this experience in a clinical setting (specializing in care
coordination or health care informatics), with strong analytical skills and
management experience. A health care-related investigatory background is
preferred, but not required. Veterans with requisite experience are strongly
encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send their (1) cover letter,
(2) resume, (3) references, and (4) writing sample of a clinical, analytical, or
policy nature to VAR.Resumes@Mail.house.gov with “Health Care
Investigator” in the subject line. No walk-ins, please.

MEM-169-17

Senior member of House Oversight & Government Reform Committee seeks
a Senior Legislative Assistant to handle the full committee and relevant
portfolio of legislative issues. Candidates must have a minimum of 2 years of
experience at the Legislative or Senior Legislative Assistant level.
Additionally, candidates must have a track record of drafting bills and
amendments. This is not an entry-level position. Please email resume and
cover letter to mi14district@gmail.com.

MEM-168-17

Pacific Northwest Democrat seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities included managing and maintaining
the Member’s daily and long-term calendar both in the district and in D.C.,
working with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between
commitments, ensure the Member is provided with briefing materials for each
event and meeting, driving the member to events, and performing other duties
as required. Capitol Hill and/or executive assistant experience preferred. A
driver’s license is required. PNW ties are a plus.
The ideal candidate would be detail-oriented, able to juggle multiple tasks at
once, have excellent interpersonal skills, be a problem solver, and understand
the logistics of travel among various time zones. Position can involve long
hours and availability by phone on weekends and evenings.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume to
Heck.Resumes@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins or phone calls.

MEM-166-17

Representative Tim Walz (MN-01) seeks a Staff Assistant to join his
Washington, DC staff. The Staff Assistant will be responsible for managing
the front office, receiving visitors and telephone calls, supervising interns,
Page 3 of 7

completing flag and tour requests, and performing other administrative,
legislative, and communications tasks as required. Successful candidates will
demonstrate an understanding and adherence to the servant-leader model; a
high degree of professionalism; strong writing, organizational, and
interpersonal skills; an ability to take initiative in a dynamic, fast-paced
environment; and a positive, collegial attitude. Capitol Hill experience and
Minnesota ties are not required, but they are preferred. Interested candidates
should send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and three professional
references to Walz.Resumes@mail.house.gov. Representative Walz is an
equal opportunity employer.
MEM-165-17

Northern California House Democrat seeks an experienced self-starter to join
the communications team in a fast-paced and collaborative office. Working in
conjunction with senior staff including the Constituent Outreach Director,
Legislative Director, and Chief of Staff, the Press Secretary will oversee dayto-day press operations in D.C. and in the district. This includes writing press
releases, op-eds, speeches, talking points, identifying media opportunities,
and pitching both local and national press. Applicants need Hill or political
experience, excellent writing skills, social media proficiency, and the ability
to work on deadline. The ideal candidate has experience working in high
pressure environments, California ties, a good sense of humor, and on-therecord experience. Qualified applicants should send a resume, cover letter,
and two writing samples to ca07jobs@gmail.com. Please include Press
Secretary in the email subject line.

MEM-163-17

Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated and organized
lawyer with strong writing, legal and interpersonal skills. The ideal candidate
will be able to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure and after
a year, may be promoted to legislative counsel. The Legislative Assistant
works with the Chief Counsel/Legislative Director and with the Chief of Staff
to develop and implement the Member’s legislative strategy in his/her issue
areas; prepares materials for hearings; prepare legislation, amendments, and
congressional record statements; and conducts research. Responsibilities
include managing and handling issues that include but are not limited to
Federal Workforce, U.S. Postal Service, Federal-District of Columbia issues,
and Labor policy. The ability to write well under tight deadlines is essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented, problem
solving lawyer and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior
Hill, law firm or similar experience is preferred but not always required.
Candidate must possess a law degree and be, or be willing to become, a
resident of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience
level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov.
Page 4 of 7

MEM-162-17

Northeastern Republican seeks experienced scheduler for active
Congressional office. Responsibilities include preparing Congressman’s
weekly and long term DC and state schedules; responding to all incoming
scheduling requests, invitations, and other scheduling related inquiries in a
timely, reliable and professional manner; coordinating closely with
appropriate staff to ensure they are notified as needed regarding upcoming
meetings and events. Individual will work closely with Chief of Staff to
ensure smooth coordination of Congressman’s scheduling requirements.
Position requires ability to excel under pressure, manage multiple tasks, and
work well with others. Prior Congressional Scheduling experience is
REQUIRED.
To apply, send resume and two references to gopjobopening@gmail.com.

MEM-161-17

Ways and Means Committee Republican is seeking a Legislative Assistant to
handle a legislative portfolio with an emphasis on trade, energy, defense,
foreign affairs, and transportation issues. Duties include, but are not limited
to monitoring floor, committee, and regulatory activity; conducting meetings
with constituents and stakeholders; developing legislation; and advising the
Congressman and senior staff. Applicants must have policy experience and
strong writing, organizational, and project management skills.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to: goppolicyjob@gmail.com.

MEM-159-17

Midwestern Republican on the Energy & Commerce Committee is looking
for a legislative assistant to handle healthcare policy. The successful
applicant will have excellent writing and communications skills, the ability to
build and maintain relationships both on and off the Hill, able to identify
legislative initiatives to lead on, and comfortable operating in a fast-paced
team environment. To apply, please e-mail your resume and cover letter to:
Midwestern.Republican@mail.house.gov.

MEM-157-17

The office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle is seeking a highly motivated
and creative individual for the position of Communications Assistant.
Successful applicant will work closely with the Communications Director and
with the Member.
Candidates must possess strong writing skills, expertise in graphic design,
proficiency in social media platforms and metrics, the ability to operate in a
fast-paced office under strict deadlines, and a capacity to work collaboratively
with both DC and district staff.
Responsibilities include: drafting press releases, speechwriting, preparing
talking points, creating, writing and developing social media strategies,
creating graphics and editing video. The right candidate will also be proficient
Page 5 of 7

in Adobe Photoshop (or similar photo editing program), Adobe Illustrator (or
similar graphic creation program) and non-linear video editing.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing
samples, and graphic portfolio to PA13.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
“Communications Assistant" in the Subject Line. No phone calls, faxes or
drop-ins please.
MEM-145-17

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative assistant focused on economics to join our
Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. He or she will be
expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues, including budget and
appropriations, commerce, defense, housing, social welfare, and taxation.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. He or she must
demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom,
the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. A degree in economics or at least
two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience
is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
This job opportunity was first posted late last year, but no interviews were
conducted. Previous applicants still interested in this opportunity should
resubmit their materials, as previous submissions will not be considered.

MEM-123-17

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives, and Ranking
Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic
staff. The ideal candidate will be a junior attorney (less than five years of
experience) with a background or strong interest in environmental matters,
including investigations, hearings, depositions, and briefings. Candidates with
Page 6 of 7

diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure,
be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication
skills. Please send a resume and cover letter to
oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject line.

Page 7 of 7

