House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 16, 2015
MEM-383-15

The Office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson (D-FL-24) seeks an
enthusiastic, highly-organized, and personable Staff Assistant for her
Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include driving, supporting
Member’s daily activities, managing front desk operations, answering
telephones, greeting visitors, coordinating tours for visiting guests, processing
flag requests, answering constituent requests for general information, and
other tasks as assigned.
Applicants must have excellent written and interpersonal communications
skills, a car, a sense of humor, and the ability to work long hours in a fastpaced, team environment. Capitol Hill or comparable experience is preferred,
but not required. Interested individuals should email a cover letter, resume,
and three references to FL24Applications@gmail.com, with “Staff Assistant”
in the subject line, by November 16, 2015. Please, no drop bys or phone calls.

MEM-379-15

Democratic Congressional Oversight Subcommittee is seeking an energetic,
thoughtful investigator with outstanding written and oral communications
skills. Must be self-motivated, diligent, team player adept at conducting
Page 1 of 4

extensive research, quickly summarizing key issues and able to juggle
multiple tasks. Investigations include a wide range of subjects including
energy and environmental topics and issues that impact federal science, space,
and homeland security programs. Strong awareness of environmental and
public health issues preferred. Attorneys with oversight experience
encouraged to apply. Candidate should be comfortable briefing Members of
Congress, interviewing federal officials and writing substantive investigative
reports. Ideally, candidate is experienced at uncovering allegations of waste,
fraud, abuse and mismanagement and is curious, driven and good natured.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This
position will close on December 1, 2015.
MEM-368-15

New England Democrat seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highlyorganized Staff Assistant for Washington, DC office. Responsibilities
include managing front office operations, overseeing intern program, serving
as confidential assistant to Chief of Staff and Member, driving Member to
meetings and appointments, supporting Member’s daily activities, providing
assistance to scheduling and legislative teams, and other tasks as assigned.
Access to a vehicle and a clean driving record is required. New England ties
preferred. Applicants should submit cover letter, resume, and brief writing
sample to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-bys.

MEM-354-15

Investigator (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced investigative professional for an investigator position. The
Committee’s investigator is responsible for assisting the Committee in all
aspects of its investigative work, including researching and reviewing public
data sources, forensic research, document review, data collection and
analysis, and preparing for and participating in witness interviews. This is a
nonpartisan position which requires the ability to assist with impartial
investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding organizational, research, and analytical skills, as well as
the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise
before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is
desirable: government ethics, criminal law, civil litigation, administrative
investigations and adjudications, depositions, investigative journalism, or
financial accounting. Experience with document review/management
platforms and/or online research services (Lexis/Nexis, Westlaw, CLEAR)
also preferred. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume,
cover letter, and a short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please
include the phrase “Investigator” in the subject line.

MEM-331-15

House Committee Democratic staff seeks a detail-oriented Committee Clerk/
Administrator to handle committee legislative clerk responsibilities as well
as office administrator/payroll work. Hill experience strictly required,
preferably 2+ years -- this is not an entry-level position. Committee
legislative clerk, hearing coordination, or similar experience strongly
Page 2 of 4

preferred, familiarity with Congressional payroll and Hill office
administrative work a strong plus. Please e-mail your résumé and cover letter
to demcommitteejob@mail.house.gov. No phone calls, please.
MEM-302-15

Congresswoman Norma J. Torres is seeking an energetic, communityoriented individual for the position of District Representative.
The position will be based in the Ontario, CA District Office.
The District Representative will act as a liaison between constituent groups
and Congresswoman Torres, in addition to initiating community outreach
projects. The District Representative will respond to in-person, written and
telephone inquiries from constituents, as well as make legislative and
ceremonial presentations on behalf of Congresswoman Torres. The District
Representative will also maintain an awareness and involvement in district
affairs, representing the Congresswoman at public events in the district. In
addition, the District Representative will work with the Press Secretary to
maintain Congresswoman Torres’ social media accounts.
Necessary qualifications:










MEM-297-15

Strong public speaking skills
Flexible schedule; the ability to attend early morning, evening and
weekend events
The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and
compassion
Strong writing skills
Problem solving abilities
The ability to exercise a high degree of initiative
The ability to work independently and use good judgment
The ability to maintain confidentiality
Knowledge of the cities, communities and issues of concern to the 35th
Congressional District

Bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
caldemresumes@gmail.com with “District Representative” in the subject.
No phone calls please.
Conservative western republican seeks motivated and aggressive
Communications Director to work placement of stories in local district
media. Must have demonstrated experience working with various forms of
media, pitching stories, and solid verbal and writing skills. Understanding of
policy issues and ability to critically think of district implications a must.
Send resume and cover letter to western.jobs@mail.house.gov.

Page 3 of 4

MEM-292-15

Progressive Tennessee Member seeks experienced, media-savvy, proactive
Communications Director to manage a fast-paced communications
operation. Responsibilities include developing and implementing a
coordinated and strategic communications plan; identifying emerging press
opportunities; writing press releases, talking points, speeches and op-eds;
pitching stories and responding to press inquiries; booking interviews on radio
and television; scheduling and organizing press events; managing
congressional website, Facebook and Twitter accounts; producing a
comprehensive weekly e-newsletter and regular print mailings to constituents;
and fostering strong relationships with reporters to secure local and national
coverage of the member's work.
Must work closely with DC and district staff to quickly grasp legislative and
local issues and communicate them effectively. Additionally, CD will be
responsible for portions of the office's mail operation. Strong political
judgment, good sense of humor and ability to work under short deadlines in a
rapidly changing environment is required. Must be comfortable with and
show good judgment speaking on the record with press. Ideal candidate will
have an existing network of press contacts, strong writing skills, political
savvy and ability to strategically connect DC policy with district press
opportunities.
Ideal candidate will have at least 3 years’ experience in media relations or in
journalism. Hill experience and Tennessee ties are a plus, as are knowledge
of Judiciary and Transportation issues. Interested parties should send a cover
letter, resume and 2 writing samples to cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov.

Page 4 of 4

