House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 14, 2014
MEM-245-14

Long-serving, southern Republican seeks a Legislative Correspondent to
manage busy mail operation. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
managing high volume incoming constituent correspondence, and providing
research for and responses to constituent correspondence in a timely
fashion. An ideal candidate should have superior research and writing skills,
thoroughness and attention to detail, good organizational skills, and the ability
to work in a fast-paced environment. Candidates should also be team-oriented
and demonstrate an ability to collaborate effectively. Intranet Quorum and
Capitol Hill experience are required. Familiarity with budget and
appropriations process a plus. Interested candidates should send resume, cover
letter and writing samples to congressionalofficejobs@gmail.com

MEM-244-14

Long-serving, southern Republican is seeking a Staff Assistant. Duties
include, but are not limited to: staffing front office and greeting visitors,
answering phones, coordinating and executing flag and tour requests,
supervising interns, assisting with mail processing, and helping with other
projects as needed. Strong organizational skills and a positive, team-oriented
attitude are required. Previous Capitol Hill or internship experience
Page 1 of 7

preferred. Interested candidates should send resume and cover letter to
congressionalofficejobs@gmail.com
MEM-243-14

Congressman Dan Kildee seeks an organized, detail oriented and energetic
Scheduler/Executive Assistant for a fast-paced, team-oriented Washington,
DC office.
Primary duties include structuring and managing the Member’s daily schedule;
coordinating the Member’s travel and logistical details of meetings; handling
the Member’s personal correspondence; fulfilling various administrative duties
including ethics/disclosure compliance; and, working closely with other staff
members in the district and in DC. Additionally, the Scheduler/ Executive
Assistant will work to ensure smooth overall office operations.
Applicants must have superior organizational skills, strong oral and written
communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, be able to multi-task and
thrive in a fast paced environment, and have poise, patience and a good sense
of humor. The successful candidate will be discreet, politically savvy, selfmotivated, and very organized with the ability to successfully interact with
different personality types. Additionally, the successful candidate must be a
strategic thinker who can navigate competing demands to maximize the
Member’s time and come to anticipate the Member’s needs.
Please email a resume and cover letter to Michigan05Jobs@gmail.com with
“Scheduler/ Executive Assistant” in the subject line. Prior scheduling and
administrative experience strongly preferred and Michigan ties a plus. This is
not an entry level position and salary will be commensurate with experience.

MEM-242-14

District Director, Member of Congress (District Office), Fort Worth TX
The District Director will be responsible for serving in a Congressional
District Office in Fort Worth to oversee all district operations. This role will
include a variety of different responsibilities including supervision of special
projects, working with casework staff as needed, representing the member at a
variety of different civic engagements on behalf of the Member and
throughout the Congressional District.
Qualifications:
5 – 7 years of management experience preferred;
strong academic credentials;
ability to provide necessary organization, leadership and motivation to
manage a House office;
excellent oral and written communication skills;
excellent organizational and interpersonal skills;
thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization
Page 2 of 7

and procedures; and
the ideal candidate would have significant community involvement
throughout the Congressional District in Fort Worth.
Duties:
represents the member or assigns appropriate staff to do so in district as
needed;
manages district office operations;
works with the chief of staff and the Member to develop and
implement policy objectives, strategies that pertain to the district
operations;
plans, assigns and evaluates work of employees in district offices;
speaks to local groups when the Member is unavailable;
some weekend and evening engagements will be required;
maintains close communications with the Member, the Washington
office and committee staff as needed;
travels throughout the district at regular intervals to keep abreast of
local concerns;
meets with elected officials and representatives of local groups on
behalf of the Member;
schedules meetings with federal and district government agencies as
necessary;
responds to constituent telephone calls and mail; and
performs other duties as assigned.
Salary:
Commensurate with experience
To Apply:
Interested applicants should e-mail a résumé and cover letter to
TX12DO@mail.house.gov
MEM-233-14

Senior Progressive Member of both the Appropriations and Budget Committee
seeks Legislative Director to lead legislative team in developing,
implementing and advancing all aspects of broad legislative
agenda. Candidates must have at least 3-5 years of legislative experience
along with a proven record of developing and advancing strategic legislative
plans that achieve results. Candidate must have ability to manage and mentor
staff and work effectively with broad range of constituencies. Position
requires hard-working self starter with exceptional communication and
organizational skills, good political instincts and judgment and ability to work
quickly under pressure. Policy expertise in HIV/AIDS/ Healthcare and or
foreign policy desired. CA ties a plus. Minority candidates strongly
encouraged to apply.
Page 3 of 7

Qualified candidates should submit cover letter (include salary requirements),
resume, two writing samples and three references to
lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Legislative Director. No
phones, calls faxes or drop-ins, please.
MEM-230-14

Senior Progressive Member of both Appropriations and Budget Committees
seeks a legislative assistant responsible for an issues portfolio that will
include Healthcare (HIV/AIDS) and/ or Foreign Policy among other issues.
Demonstrated knowledge of legislative, appropriations and budget process is
required. Responsibilities include supporting committee work, drafting floor
statements and remarks, along with staffing and representing member in
meetings and at range of events. Policy expertise in either healthcare
(HIV/AIDS) and/ or foreign policy is required. Candidate must have
exceptional communication skills, be a self-starter, hard working, and highly
organized. California ties are a plus. Minorities are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Qualified candidates should submit cover letter (include salary requirements),
resume, two writing samples and three references to
lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Legislative Assistant. No
phones, calls faxes or drop-ins, please.

MEM-226-14

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure
office. The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for
reviewing and providing guidance on a high volume of financial disclosure
issues, education, and training to Members of Congress and their staff through
frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product. This
is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates
must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills,
as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that
arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas
is desirable: government ethics, ethics counseling, corporate finance,
securities law, and criminal law. Salary commensurate with
experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-225-14

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced attorney for an investigative counsel position. The
Committee’s investigative counsel are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding
Members and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan
position which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and
Page 4 of 7

refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding
analytical and written/oral communications skills, as well as the sound
judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the
Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable:
government ethics, criminal law, civil litigation, administrative investigations
and adjudications, depositions, and financial accounting. Salary
commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short
writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase
“Investigative Counsel” in the subject line.
MEM-215-14

PRESS SECRETARY:
Ohio Republican House Member seeking press secretary to join
staff. Applicants should be self-starting, hard-working and creative. Must
have strong writing and verbal skills and be extremely detail oriented.
Background and proven track record in booking national TV interviews
preferred. Job responsibilities include: booking proactive press for the
member, including national TV interviews, as well as writing press releases,
columns, speeches, blogs and e-newsletters. Interested applicants should send
cover letter, resume and writing sample to oh.ushouse.job@gmail.com.

MEM-214-14

The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking to immediately fill a
full-time job opening for a Scheduler based in her District Office.
Position Description
The Scheduler position is primarily charged with (but not limited to) managing
Member’s official schedule, travel arrangements, personal correspondence,
and various administrative duties. Successful candidates will possess strong
communication skills, the ability to multitask, attention to detail, political
instinct, the ability to prioritize in a fast-paced environment, work
cooperatively and courteously with others; and temperament to communicate
with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
Minimum Qualifications/Education Required
 Office/administrative experience
 Strong organizations skills; attention to detail.
 Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with Microsoft
Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
 Strong communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability to
relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer
service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
 Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government agencies
and structure (county, state, and federal).
 Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be
able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects simultaneously, and
work under pressure.
Page 5 of 7






Candidates should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to
excellence, upbeat demeanor, flexibility, and sense of humor.
Candidates should expect frequent weekend, some holidays, and afterhours assignments.
Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college or
university with a bachelor’s degree.
Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant. Employees will
receive health care insurance, 401(k)-style retirement benefits, and other
federal employee benefits.

To Apply
Interested applicants should e-mail résumé (including salary history) and
cover letter to CA38Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in the title of
the position you are applying for in the subject line. No phone calls or
walk-ins accepted.
MEM-213-14

Communications Director --Senior Member of Congress is seeking a senior communications professional
experienced in working on international issues with domestic and international
media. Candidate will be working with bipartisan House and Senate members
to creatively promote common international goals and messages using the
widest variety of communications tools available. This is a high-level
position; three to five years of relevant experience and a successful record of
working in Washington on international messaging and communications is
essential. Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, and 2-3
writing samples to congressionalstaffpositions@gmail.com.

MEM-212-14

Advisor on International Security Issues --Senior Member of Congress seeks advisor on security issues — ideal
candidate would have security experience including policing, international law
enforcement and cooperation, combatting terrorism, border management, and
conflict prevention and resolution. The advisor will follow transnational
threats, strategic police matters, border security and management, narcotics
smuggling and anti-terrorism. Law enforcement or defense-/homeland
security-related experience would be an essential asset. The successful
candidate will have a strong commitment to public service, strong writing,
speaking and analytical skills, be proactive, resourceful, well-organized, and
able to meet deadlines. Individuals must be U.S. citizens and have, or be able
to obtain, a Top Secret clearance. Overseas travel will be required. Please email a cover letter and resume to congressionalstaffpositions@gmail.com.

Page 6 of 7

MEM-211-14

Advisor on International Freedom of Religion --Senior Member of Congress seeks advisor on issues of international religious
freedom – ideal candidate would have experience advocating for religious
freedom, including by assisting persecuted persons and/ or advocating with the
U.S. or foreign governments for public policy promoting religious freedom.
The successful candidate will have a strong commitment to public service,
strong writing, speaking and analytical skills, be proactive, resourceful, wellorganized, and able to meet deadlines. Individuals must be U.S. citizens and
have, or be able to obtain, a Top Secret clearance. Overseas travel will be
required. Please e-mail a cover letter and resume to
congressionalstaffpositions@gmail.com.

MEM-196-14

Senior Legislative Assistant: Texas Democrat seeks a hard-working and
experienced legislative staffer to handle the healthcare and energy portfolio,
along with other legislative areas. A bachelor’s degree with at least 4 years
of legislative experience on the Hill is required. Potential candidates should
have excellent writing and verbal skills coupled with some knowledge of
social media. The ideal candidate will have experience working under
pressure, working as part of a team, a sense of humor and the ability to work
flexible hours. Experience with iConstituent is a plus, but not required. Please
send
cover
letter,
resume
and
a
writing
sample
to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-194-14

Staff Assistant—Southern conservative Republican seeks a Staff Assistant to
handle a wide range of office responsibilities and constituent services in the
Washington office. Primary responsibilities for this position include (1)
answering the main telephone line for the office, (2) processing flag requests,
(3) arranging tours of the Capitol, (4) preparing the office for daily activities,
and (5) drafting personal notes and letters of commendation to constituents.
Other responsibilities may be assigned. Because the Member places a special
emphasis on constituent services, candidates must be able to maintain a
courteous and respectful demeanor at all times and possess a true desire to help
constituents. Competitive candidates will be confident and well-spoken, have
excellent oral and written communication skills, possess an acute attention to
detail, demonstrate an assertive and organized approach to problem solving,
and exhibit an ability to multi-task in a fast paced work environment. Though
duties are largely administrative in nature, the Staff Assistant should have a
personal interest in current events and Congressional activities, and should be
fully engaged in all aspects of the day-to-day operations of the office.
Additionally, the daily work hours for this position are 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.
Completion of a four-year college education is required. Prior work experience
is preferred. Southern ties are a significant plus. Interested individuals should
send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
congressjob@gmail.com.

Page 7 of 7

