House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 13, 2020

MEM-013-20

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks a
Casework Staff Assistant in her Seattle, WA office. The Casework Staff
Assistant runs the front office of the Congresswoman’s District Office and
supports the Congresswoman’s constituent services team.
The ideal candidate will have:
• Excellent organizational, proofreading and time management skills
necessary to work in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment;
• A professional and courteous manner, particularly in telephone and inperson conversations with constituents;
• Strong writing skills and attention to detail;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously under pressure.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Front Office
• Greet and screen visitors, answer and screen telephone calls for the
Congresswoman and District Office staff members, taking messages when
appropriate;
• Assist with processing of constituent mail and franked mail;
• Respond to constituent requests for information;
• Administrative and clerical duties involved with managing the front office;
• Oversee the District Office internship program;
Page 1 of 10

Casework
• Handle casework for state inquiries, housing, and local referrals, and assist
with federal casework as needed;
• Monitor active cases to ensure they are handled in a responsive manner and
maintain up-to-date files and notes on all cases;
• Participate in select outreach efforts such as mobile office hours and the
Congresswoman’s Town Halls (these occur throughout the district and in
collaboration with other members of the team and select partners);
• Perform other duties as assigned by casework team and District Director.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Bilingual candidates
are preferred.
Applicants must submit a cover letter and resume to
jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov by January 24, 2020 with “Casework
Assistant” in the subject line. Applicants will be considered on a rolling basis.
No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-012-20

Title: Caucus Assistant
Office: House Democratic Caucus Office
“Democratic Leadership office seeks motivated and punctual individual to
manage the front office, supervise a robust internship program, plan and
execute Member-level events such as the weekly meeting of the House
Democratic Caucus, manage the Caucus letter folding program, complete
Spanish translation projects, schedule senior staff and support other
departments in a fast paced environment.
The job primarily involves operational, administrative and management tasks,
as well as a close working relationship with other departments. The Caucus
Assistant will report directly to the Operations and Outreach Coordinator.
Candidates must be proactive project supervisors, excellent writers, diligent
organizers and strong team players with an interest in developing their own
leadership skills. Applicants with Spanish fluency are strongly encouraged to
apply. Prior experience in a Congressional office and a positive attitude is a
plus.
This is an entry-level position and requires the ability to manage multiple
high-priority tasks at once. This office is an equal opportunity employer
committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation,
gender identity or disability. Women and minority applicants are encouraged
to apply.
Page 2 of 10

To apply, please send PDFs of resume, cover letter, writing sample and three
professional references to DemCaucus.Jobs@mail.house.gov with name and
“2020 Caucus Assistant Application” in the subject line. Absolutely no phone
calls or drop-ins please”
MEM-011-20

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a press secretary to serve in
her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be proactive concerning press
engagement, and possess superior written and oral communication skills
(including editing, and proofreading capabilities). The ideal candidate will
have prior political, legislative, and communications experience. Connecticut
ties are a plus.
Primary responsibilities:
-Establishing and maintaining relationships with Connecticut, national, and
D.C.-based media;
-Coordinating all media efforts and communication-related events;
-Drafting and distributing press releases and media advisories;
-Creating, editing, and placing op-eds;
-Developing, editing, and posting content across all social media platforms;
-Pitching stories to reporters and producers, including national and
Connecticut media, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the point-ofcontact for media;
-Monitoring media narratives and identifying opportunities to promote the
Congresswoman;
-Overseeing Franked communications strategy. This includes drafting,
designing, and distributing Franked mail content; maintaining all social media
platforms; and managing the bi-weekly congressional e-newsletter;
-Updating the Congresswoman’s website and ensuring that it features timely
content;
-Coordinating and staffing the Congresswoman for interviews and events
(including occasional night and weekend commitments);
-Managing a small team of press assistants.
To apply:
Please send a current resume, cover letter with salary requirements, two
writing samples (not to exceed one page each), and three references to
ct05jobs@mail.house.gov
No calls, emails or walk-ins, please.

MEM-009-20

Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard is seeking an dynamic, proactive and
experienced Military Legislative Assistant to manage her work on the House
Armed Services Committee. This position includes a portfolio of national
security, foreign affairs, veterans affairs, and intelligence issues.

Page 3 of 10

Responsibilities include managing the Congressman’s committee and
subcommittee priorities, liaising with committee staff, drafting hearing
questions and statements, developing legislation, monitoring activity on
assigned issues, advising and representing the Congresswoman, and building
relationships with constituent groups and advocacy organizations.
Requirements include a strong understanding of national security and foreign
policy, familiarity with the NDAA process, and a minimum of two years of
substantive legislative or related experience. This is not an entry level position
in a fast-paced office and requires dedication, close attention to detail and the
ability to think outside the box. Non-traditional work hours, and Hill
experience are required. Hawaii ties are ideal, veteran applications are
welcome!
No calls or drop ins, qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume and
writing samples to: hi02jobs@gmail.com
MEM-007-20

The office of Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney is seeking a Legislative
Assistant to assist with Agriculture Subcommittee work as well as to handle a
diverse issues portfolio including but not limited to Trade, Housing, Social
Security, Labor, and Campaign Finance Reform.
Responsibilities include drafting and analyzing legislation, tracking floor
proceedings, conducting research, drafting policy and meeting memos,
meeting with constituents, and staffing the Member in Committee hearings,
meetings and at events. Applicants should be able to work well under
pressure, have excellent written and oral communication skills and work
under strict deadlines.
This is not an entry-level position. Excellent writings skills and experience
handling policy issues are required. Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ
persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample to
ny18maloneyleg@gmail.com with the subject line “Legislative Assistant
Application.” Deadline for submissions is COB on Jan 17th. No phone calls
or walk-ins please.

MEM-006-20

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a detailoriented communications professional to serve as Deputy Press Secretary.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, a proactive team player, and
able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
Responsibilities include assisting with press releases, statements, talking
points, and other key press documents; monitoring press coverage; building
and maintaining relationships with key local and regional reporters; monitor
Page 4 of 10

the press inbox and phone line for media inquiries; manage press for multiple
subcommittees; Compile and distribute local and national press clips;
Conduct extensive research; Create and maintain press lists; Maintain
archives on multiple subject matters; and other duties as assigned.
•A minimum of two years of media relations and/or social media coordination
experience.
•A Bachelor’s degree in Journalism, English, Public Relations, or a closely
related field preferred.
•A strong ability to research and analyze information.
•A strong ability to perform multiple tasks accurately and efficiently in a fastpaced environment.
•Previous Hill experience a plus.
This position reports directly to the Communications Director. Candidates
should submit a cover letter and resume with the subject line “Deputy Press
Secretary” to Oversightpress@mail.house.gov. Applications will be accepted
until the position is filled. Please, no drop-by applications or phone calls.
MEM-004-20

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced, creative and highly motivated Digital Strategist for her
Washington, D.C. office.
Reporting to the Communications Director, the Digital Strategist is
responsible for creating original and creative content (including, but not
limited to, videos and graphics) and managing the Congresswoman’s social
media channels to further communicate and elevate her agenda and
accomplishments.
The ideal candidate will have:
•Social media, graphic design, and video production experience in a
legislative office, campaign, political organization or progressive advocacy
group;
•Fluency with social media platforms and a nuanced understanding of the
current social media landscape and trends;
•Excellent organization and time management skills necessary to work in a
fast-paced environment that requires rapid response;
•Strong writing skills and attention to detail;
•A passion for storytelling and social justice.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting daily digital content for highly active social media channels;
•Editing and producing videos for social platforms and designing visual
graphics;
•Tracking social media performance and providing analysis of trends and
opportunities for future growth;

Page 5 of 10

•Updating and managing the Congresswoman’s official website; and
•Coordinating the creation and distribution of an e-newsletter.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
two writing samples, two graphic design samples, three references, and links
to either a reel or samples of video work.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Digital
Strategist” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-003-20

Representative Jamie Raskin seeks a Constituent Services Caseworker in
his Rockville, Maryland District Office. Primary responsibilities include:
handling constituent casework; interacting with constituents and government
agencies and representing the office at community events. This is an entry
level position. Ties to Maryland’s 8th District are preferred.
This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working, cohesive
team that is committed to providing superior constituent service. The ideal
candidate is organized, self-motivated, has excellent interpersonal and writing
skills, and a passion for making a difference in people’s lives.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, writing sample and
three references to Kathleen.Connor@mail.house.gov. Please use “Rockville
Position” as the subject line.
The deadline to apply for this position is January 17, 2020. This office is an
equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.

MEM-669-19

The Office of Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) is looking to fill a
vacancy for the position of District Director. The District Director will lead a
dynamic district team, based in Waterbury, Connecticut.
SUMMARY:
The District Director oversees all operations across the district. This includes
developing and implementing strategies and operating plans for the
Congresswoman’s District Office (DO). The individual will create a
comprehensive outreach strategy to stay in constant touch with constituents
and key community leaders, and oversee a results-focused, customer serviceoriented casework operation. The District Director manages activities and DO
staff to ensure an aggressive and representative schedule for the
Page 6 of 10

Congresswoman’s time in district, and identifies, completes, and monitors
district-based projects as assigned.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based
on race, religion, ethnic origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification or family
status. Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
CT05jobs@mail.house.gov.
ESSENTIAL JOB ROLES:
o Supervisor: At its core this position requires effective management of staff
to maximize performance for constituents and the Congresswoman.
o Project Manager: Look for projects beneficial to the district with a federal
nexus where office involvement would facilitate progress. Work with DC and
DO staff to ensure the Congresswoman receives timely updates on projects
and productively contribute to the conclusion of projects. Work with
stakeholders, including local and state governments, nonprofits, and private
industry, along with grant-making institutions and federal entities, to move
projects toward success.
o Intelligence Gatherer & Distributor: Through outreach, media monitoring,
and intelligence collection from district staff, key contacts throughout district
and state, and at events throughout district and state, understand constituent
(and constituency) priorities, concerns, and outlook, then share with District
Staff, DC Staff, and Congresswoman.
o Surrogate: Represent the Congresswoman, or assign appropriate staff
representatives, at events or meetings as needed.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
o Experience engaging in diverse communities and effectively managing staff
in an office environment;
o Bachelor’s degree in the political science or related field, including strong
academic credentials;
o 5 to 10 years of related experience in management public service,
legislation or equivalent similar experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
o Maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
o Ability to work a flexible schedule with frequent in-district travel, including
long hours, nights and weekends;
o Have impeccable judgment, character & gravitas to represent the
Page 7 of 10

Congresswoman to constituents or leaders in the community;
o Ability to see the big picture and plan in a proactive way, while ensuring
day-to-day operations are tightly and efficiently run;
o Organization, supervisory leadership and motivation to manage district
team;
o Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a firm,
tactful, pleasant, patient, and professional manner;
o Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others from diverse
backgrounds;
o Ability to work well under pressure and handle stress;
o Excellent oral and written communication skills;
o Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, House Rules, and local,
state and federal agencies and departments;
o Understand the district and federal political landscape.
MEM-664-19

The Democratic staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a Staff
Assistant. Candidates should have excellent organizational skills and strong
research, writing, and communication skills.
Responsibilities include overseeing Committee hearing and markup logistics,
serving as assistant clerk during markups, providing administrative and
research support to Chief of Staff and Staff Director/Chief Counsel,
coordinating Staff Director/Chief Counsel’s calendar and the Committee
calendar, co-managing the intern program, and managing Committee
administrative needs.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and
include “Staff Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-662-19

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties
include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of
committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up
committee meetings; assisting the technology needs of Committee staff as
needed; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members
of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants
must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone
manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel;
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good
Page 8 of 10

judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting
with daily tasks and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply.
This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $38,000 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill,
as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of
relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements
and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.

MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible
schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.

Page 9 of 10

Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 10 of 10

