________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 18, 2023

MEM-474-23

The Office of Congressman Sanford Bishop (GA-02) seeks an organized, detailoriented candidate to serve as scheduler in his Washington, D.C. office. This
position will work closely with both the D.C. and District staff.
The scheduler will develop, coordinate, and manage all aspects of the Member’s
schedule and logistics in D.C. and in district. This includes tracking, evaluating,
and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests, coordinating travel for
the Member and Chief, compiling his briefing materials, and providing
operational support for the office.
Other responsibilities include facilitating stakeholder outreach, coordinating
internal and external events; coordinating with the legislative and press teams for
necessary briefing materials; overseeing coordination with other Member offices,
committee staff, leadership offices, federal agencies; coordinating with campaign
and non-official staff on political scheduling requests; and other tasks as
assigned.
The ideal candidate will have a good sense of humor, excellent attention to detail,
strong communication skills, and thrive in a fast-paced work environment. This
position requires the ability to multitask, work well under pressure, manage
conflicting requests, communicate scheduling changes to the Member, and the
flexibility to respond to urgent scheduling needs outside of normal hours when
necessary.
Page 1 of 21

To apply please email a resume and short cover letter or statement of interest
to GA02.scheduling@mail.house.gov. This full-time position is based in
Washington, D.C.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious
affiliation, national origin, age, or military, marital, or parental status.
MEM-473-23

Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent: Representative Seth Moulton (MA06) seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent for his Washington, DC
team.
This individual is responsible for managing front line constituent
communications (tours, flags, incoming calls, and visitors), managing the intern
program (recruiting, onboarding, managing), overseeing a robust constituent
correspondence program, and other administrative or operational duties as
assigned.
The ideal candidate has excellent organizational and problem-solving skills,
impeccable attention to detail, strong time and project management skills, a great
sense of humor, a commitment to public service, and a desire to be part of a
highly collaborative, high-achieving team. Capitol Hill experience and
Massachusetts ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter
to ma06.resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject “Staff Assistant/LC: LAST
NAME” by 5pm on Thursday, September 28th.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Staff Assistant Responsibilities:
●Internship program management, including delegating flag requests, physical
mail in the office, tours, and constituent phone calls
●General DC office management (AOC, CAO, ordering office supplies, etc.)
●Staff onboarding and offboarding
Legislative Correspondent Responsibilities:
●Managing and responding to all campaign mail, web messages, and phone calls
from constituents
●Drafting new form letters, managing form letter approval process, and
maintaining form letter database
●Biweekly mail report

Page 2 of 21

MEM-472-23

Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro (CT-03) seeks experienced, hardworking team
player with outstanding writing skills and sound political judgment to serve as
Speechwriter in her Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, production of all speeches, talking
points, scripts for pre-recorded videos, and other written materials as needed.
Candidates must be flexible, highly dependable, organized, and proactive, as well
as possess a working knowledge of issues facing Congress, strong oral and
written communication skills, a proven ability to write quickly and crisply, the
ability to target messages for specific audiences, and a talent for creatively
researching and succinctly describing complex issues. This is not an entry level
position.
The ideal candidate should have significant speechwriting experience, a
collaborative approach to writing, and work well under pressure and with tight
deadlines. Salary is commensurate with experience.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates of diverse backgrounds
are encouraged to apply. Connecticut ties are a plus. This office requires all staff
and interns to complete a full SARS-CoV2 vaccination course, regardless of
recovery from prior coronavirus illness, as a condition of employment.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three writing samples,
and references to CT03jobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Speechwriter
Vacancy.” No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-470-23

Representative Peltola seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant for her
Washington, D.C. office to manage her Health and Education portfolio.
Primary responsibilities include advising the Representative on all legislative
matters related to healthcare and education. This staffer will be expected to work
closely with other Hill offices and relevant Committee staff on the
Representative’s legislative priorities in this portfolio.
The ideal candidate is a self-starter and critical thinker with excellent written and
verbal communication skills. The ability to work both independently and in a
collaborative setting is crucial. Previous Hill experience is required, with a
minimum of 2-3 years of Hill experience preferred.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter
to akresumes@mail.house.gov

MEM-468-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,

Page 3 of 21

seeks one attorney with 5-10 years of experience to serve as Investigative
Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.
The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE
•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
•Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
Page 4 of 21

*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-466-23

Legislative Assistant/Foreign Policy Advisor Opening -- Congresswoman Lois
Frankel (FL-22), is hiring a Legislative Assistant/Foreign Policy Advisor to
support her work as a member of the House Appropriations Committee and as
Co-Chair of the bipartisan Women, Peace, and Security Caucus. This position
will encompass a wide range of foreign policy issues including covering the State
and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee, Israel, homeland security,
immigration, veterans, and other issues as assigned.
Applicant must be comfortable working in a fast-paced and team-oriented
environment. Excellent writing skills, ability to build and maintain relationships,
and attention to detail are required. This is not an entry-level position. Previous
experience on the Hill and with the Appropriations process is preferred.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
Page 5 of 21

Salary range is $70,000 - $85,000 depending on experience, and includes health
insurance, student loan repayment, and other competitive benefits. Title and
salary will be commensurate with experience. Please fill out the google form
at tinyurl.com/FL22FPLA to apply. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling
basis.
MEM-464-23

Press Secretary / Digital Director / Deputy Communications Director –
Congresswoman Diana DeGette (D-CO) is seeking a highly motivated, detailorientated communications professional for a vacancy in her communications
shop. This position can be based out of either DeGette’s Washington, D.C. or
Denver, CO office.
The ideal candidate will be creative, have strong writing and organizational skills,
and a proficiency in crafting digital content — as well as experience coordinating
with media. Being a detail-oriented team player is essential, along with the ability
to be a self-starter and work on multiple projects at once in a fast-paced
environment. A good attitude and friendly demeanor are greatly appreciated.
Capitol Hill experience or Colorado ties are a plus, but not required.
Responsibilities will include overseeing digital content for the member’s social
media platforms and website; graphic design; video filming and editing; taking
photographs; drafting releases, newsletters, advisories, talking points, speeches,
and more; organizing press events; and compiling daily press clips. This position
will coordinate closely with and report to the Communications Director.
The salary range for the position is commensurate with experience and expected
to fall within $55,000 – $65,000 annually. Both title and salary are negotiable
based on experience.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified candidates should submit a cover
letter, resume, two writing samples, and an example of previous digital media or
graphic design projects to DeGette.Comms@mail.house.gov with their last name
in the subject line. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis until the
position is filled. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Candidates from all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-463-23

Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-08) seeks a full-time legislative assistant in
Washington, D.C.
The legislative assistant will be responsible for important issues areas such
as worker and family support, education, labor, transportation, among other
issues, in a fast-paced congressional office for a member of House
Page 6 of 21

Democratic Leadership on the Ways and Means Committee and Budget
Committee.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging, including drafting bills and
amendments; developing strategic plans to advance legislation through Congress;
staffing
committee meetings; interacting with constituents and district
stakeholders, committee/leadership committee staff and federal agencies; and
writing policy briefing memos and talking points.
Candidates must have a self-starting personality, passion for public
service, strong written and verbal communication skills and an eagerness to work
on a team in a collaborative office environment. This is not an entry-level
position. A minimum three years of relevant work experience is required.
Michigan ties preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and a writing
sample to kildeejobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-462-23

The Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. is seeking a
Communications Director that can work in Washington DC or the Charlotte,
NC District Office.
The Communications Director is expected to work closely with the Chief of
Staff, Deputy Chief of Staff / District Director, and the Legislative Director to
develop and execute a comprehensive and aggressive strategic plan to inform
constituents and the media about Congresswoman Adams and her work as a
member of congress.
This includes making media pitches, organizing press events, and reviewing,
drafting, and finalizing statements, talking points/speeches, press releases, media
advisories, and other messaging (e.g., newsletters and social media). Finally, the
Communications Director will oversee all Franked communications, which
includes mailers. Successful candidates will be exceptional writers and have
strong experience working in fast-paced environments and implementing
aggressive communications plans. North Carolina ties strongly preferred.
View the full job description attached.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Develop strategic communications plans and work closely with the DC and
District Offices to implement successful media strategies;
•Produce written and visual content for the office, including but not limited to
press releases, statements, social media post and weekly newsletters;
•Manage, mentor, and grow the communications team, focusing on staff
professional development, skill building, and efficient workflows;
Page 7 of 21

•Build and sustain strong relationships with North Carolina and national print,
online, radio, and broadcast media (reporters, producers, editors, columnists, etc),
and remain ready to identify creative ways to pitch the Member;
•Prepare, brief, and staff the Member for media interviews, press conferences,
roundtables, and other engagements;
•Draft and edit office materials, talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds,
and other materials as necessary; and
•Speak on background or on the record with reporters when necessary and act as
a media liaison for the Member.
REQUIREMENTS:
•Bachelor’s Degree in a relevant field or equivalent professional experience;
•Previous Capitol Hill, campaign or political experience strongly preferred;
•Exceptionally strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
•Previous on the record experience;
•Experience managing others and promoting professional development;
•Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media and how to
successfully create and leverage opportunities in each;
•Strategic thinker, politically savvy, and ability to manage competing priorities
and develop solutions under tight deadlines;
•Ability to work well with others, willingness to take initiative, manage
competing priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines
are a must; and
•Works a flexible schedule, including long hours on nights and weekends.
Rep. Alma S. Adams’ office provides equal employment opportunities to all
employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and
harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national
origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation,
gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal,
state or local laws.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, a resume, three references, and
three writing samples to NC12.resume@mail.house.gov with “[NAME] –
Communications Director” in the subject line.
MEM-457-23

The Office of Congresswoman Jennifer McClellan (VA-04) seeks a highly
organized, detail-oriented candidate to serve as her scheduler or director of
operations (commensurate with experience) in her Washington, D.C. office. This
position reports directly to the Chief of Staff and will work closely with both the
D.C. and District staff.
The scheduler will develop, coordinate, and manage all aspects of the Member’s
schedule and logistics in D.C. and in district. Other responsibilities include
tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests,

Page 8 of 21

coordinating travel for the Member, compiling her briefing materials, and
providing operational support for the office.
This includes but is not limited to facilitating Member to Member and
stakeholder outreach, coordinating internal and external events, coordinating with
the legislative and press teams for necessary briefing materials, overseeing
coordination with other Member offices, committee staff, leadership offices, the
White House, executive departments and other federal agencies, coordinating
with campaign and non-official staff on political scheduling requests, and other
tasks as assigned.
The ideal candidate will have previous scheduling or administrative experience,
excellent attention to detail, strong communication skills, and thrive in a fastpaced work environment. Hill experience is desired but not required.
This position requires the ability to multitask, work well under pressure, manage
conflicting requests, communicate scheduling changes to the Member, and the
flexibility to respond to urgent scheduling needs outside of normal hours when
necessary.
The salary range for this position is $75,000-$85,000 and other benefits include
generous leave and work from home policies. To apply please email a resume and
short cover letter or statement of interest to VA04.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
This full-time position is based in her Washington, D.C. office. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, national
origin, age, or military, marital, or parental status. The office prioritizes building
a diverse team: women and candidates from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and other
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply.
MEM-455-23

The Majority Staff of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure
is seeking a Committee Deputy Clerk.
This is position requires attention to detail, strong time management and
organization skills, and discretion and confidentiality in handling committee
matters.
The ideal candidate will have a minimum of two years previous Congressional
experience, knowledge of Congressional administrative rules and procedures, the
ability to manage multiple tasks and projects, work well under pressure, have
strong oral and written communication skills, and the ability to exercise
discretion and independent judgment.
Core Responsibilities Include:
•Tracking documents and ensuring that items adhere to the in-house style guide.
Page 9 of 21

•Organizing and preparing for meetings and Committee events, including
gathering documents and attending to logistics.
•Proof-reading content to ensure for accuracy including spelling, grammar, and
punctuation.
•Assisting in maintaining Committee official records.
•Aiding the Committee counsels in organizing and documenting Committee
markups.
•Ensuring that all Committee activities run smoothly and according to Committee
operational procedure.
•Assisting as the non-partisan Committee Clerk with Committee activities as
additional reading clerk and tally clerk when required.
•Assisting in the preparation and filing of Committee legislative reports.
•Providing administrative support to Committee staff as required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. The Committee is committed to, and
benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged
to apply.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter
to tirepresumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line, Full Committee Deputy
Clerk – Majority Office.
MEM-454-23

The Majority Staff of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure seeks
candidates for the position of Operations Manager.
This position reports directly to the Director of Operations and Administration
and would assist them in ensuring operational support for committee activity as
well as administrative support for the office.
Responsibilities include providing executive support to the Staff Director,
assisting in scheduling and support of external events held in committee hearing
rooms, tracking long-term requests to CAO and AOC, maintaining adequate
stock of office supplies and equipment, serving as internship program
coordinator, providing operational support to official committee activity, and
coordinating staff assistants to ensure administrative support for full committee
staff.
Candidates for this position should have demonstrated experience in highpressure work environments and at least one year of full-time experience on
Capitol Hill in an operations role.
Interested candidates should send a resume to tiresumes22@gmail.com.

MEM-453-23

The Majority Staff of the House Committee on Transportation & Infrastructure is
seeking candidates for the position of Research Assistant on the Subcommittee
on Water Resources and Environment.
Page 10 of 21

Major pieces of legislation in the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction include the Clean
Water Act and Water Resource Development Acts, among others. The position
includes both administrative and policy research responsibilities to support
Subcommittee members and staff.
Responsibilities include conducting legislative research, drafting legislative
memoranda, assisting with oversight activities, compiling materials for Members
and staff for use during Committee activity, maintaining legislative trackers, and
other responsibilities as assigned.
This is not an entry level position, and the ideal candidate will have 1 to 3 years
of demonstrated ability to conduct policy research and manage administrative
duties. Additionally, the ideal candidate will be an organized, proactive,
motivated self-starter.
Enthusiasm for and some knowledge of Subcommittee issue areas is a plus and/or
ability to learn issues quickly. Superior organizational skills, superior written and
oral communications skills, the ability to work both independently and as part of
a team, and attention to detail are critical.
Interested candidates should send a resume to tiresumes22@gmail.com
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
Page 11 of 21

•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.
MEM-450-23

SCHEDULER - Congressman Jerrold Nadler, Ranking Member of the House
Judiciary Committee, seeks Scheduler to manage Member’s daily and long-term
DC schedule, including coordinating with Committee staff on hearings, meetings,
and markups, organizing and tracking invitations, speaking engagements and
scheduling requests for the Member, assisting in coordinating travel arrangements
and keeping Member on schedule throughout day.

Page 12 of 21

Duties also include managing the intern program, maintaining the DC office, and
processing flag requests and White House tour requests. Candidates must be
highly organized, attentive to detail, and capable of thriving in a fast-paced and
rapidly changing environment. Previous scheduling/office management
experience, including a strong background in Outlook scheduling functions, is a
plus. Ranking Member Nadler is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff,
and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
To apply send a resume and cover letter to NY12.JOB@mail.house.gov.
MEM-448-23

Professional Staff Member: The House Armed Services Committee Democrats
are seeking a Professional Staff Member for the Military Personnel
Subcommittee.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, advising Members of Congress on
military justice and other military personnel policy matters, evaluating budget
requests and legislative proposals, preparing for committee hearings and
briefings, and developing and drafting proposal for inclusion in the annual
National Defense Authorization Act.
The Military Personnel Subcommittee jurisdiction includes: policy and programs
and accounts related to military personnel and their families, Reserve Component
integration and employment, military health care, military education, dependent
schools, POW/MIA issues, Morale, Welfare and Recreation, commissaries,
cemeteries under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense, the Uniform
Code of Military Justice, military retirement issues, and the civilian and contract
workforce.
This is not an entry level position. Candidates with a law degree and experience
with the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) are strongly preferred. The
Committee is an is an Equal Opportunity Employer and strongly values the
diversity of its employees. A successful candidate will be required to obtain and
maintain a security clearance.
Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references,
to hasc.dememployment@mail.house.gov with the subject line: “Full Name –
PSM – Military Personnel.” We will accept applications until the position is
filled.

MEM-447-23

Pennsylvania Republican is seeking a Press Assistant in the Washington, D.C.
office.

Page 13 of 21

The Press Assistant will report directly to the Communications Director. The
ideal candidate should be hardworking, able to juggle multiple projects at once,
and demonstrate a proficiency in writing, editing, and digital/social media content
creation. Pennsylvania ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include:
•Assisting the Communications Director in drafting and editing written materials
such as the press releases, statements, Floor speeches, op-eds, and e-mailers
•Managing the Member’s social media pages and drafting content for those
platforms
•Updating the Member’s official website
•Working with the Communications Director to execute short and long-term
communications strategies.
To apply, email cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to PaPressAssistantJob@gmail.com.
MEM-446-23

Military Legislative Assistant
Office of Congressman Frank J. Mrvan
Summary:
The Military Legislative Assistant (MLA) is responsible in the personal office for
managing the Congressman’s responsibilities as a Member of the House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee
on Oversight and Investigations. The MLA is also responsible for legislative
issues related to national security, foreign affairs, and other assigned issue areas,
including the drafting of prep material, constituent correspondence, and meeting
with constituent and special interest groups under these issue areas on behalf of
the Member.
Candidate must be highly dependable, detail-focused, value responsiveness to
constituents, and have superior organizational and writing skills. Knowledge of
the legislative process and Indiana ties are a plus. Minority and veteran
candidates are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to Kevin.Spicer@mail.house.gov with “Military Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.
Essential Job Functions:
•In a timely fashion, completes research and draft responses to constituents letters
on federal matters;
•Formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas including deceiving
legislative plans, drafting the plan into legislative form, coordinating the support
and advancement of the plan with personal office, Committee office, other
Member offices and outside stakeholders.
Page 14 of 21

•Tracks legislation and other developments in his or her assigned issue areas and
briefs the Member for floor work, committee work, and work in the district,
•Plans and coordinates co-sponsorship and support of other legislation
recommendations in coordination with the Legislative Director;
•Monitors legislation on the House floor and makes vote recommendations in
coordination with the Legislative Director;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff and
constituents;
•Accepts performance based criticism and direction;
•Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Skills and Knowledge Required:
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Ability to perform essential job functions above;
•Professional telephone manner;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures; and
•Knowledge of office computer applications.
MEM-444-23

Ranking Member Zoe Lofgren of the House Committee on Science, Space, and
Technology seeks to fill Professional Staff Member position on the Committee.
Duties include oversight of the Department of Energy (DOE) and other agencies
within the Committee’s jurisdiction, outreach to stakeholder groups, researching
and drafting legislation, staffing hearings, and preparing memoranda, statements,
and speeches for Democratic Members. Applicants should have experience in at
least one or both of the following subject matter areas: 1) science and energy
research and technology development activities carried out by DOE, 2) energy
and related environmental policy.
All applicants should possess strong writing, organizational, and communication
skills; the capacity to articulate technical and policy issues clearly and concisely;
and the ability to meet tight deadlines. The ideal candidate will have significant
Capitol Hill or relevant government or industry experience. An advanced degree
or technical background is a plus, but not required.
Please send a cover letter and resume to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This not
an entry-level position.

MEM-443-23

Representative Elissa Slotkin is seeking a full-time Special Assistant for her
Lansing, Michigan office.
The Special Assistant will report to the District Director.

Page 15 of 21

Interested candidates should submit a resume with two professional references, a
cover letter, and one writing sample of 1,000 words to
“jobs.mi07@mail.house.gov”.
Responsibilities of the Role:
•Managing all Michigan scheduling for Representative Slotkin, coordinating
closely with the Washington, DC-based Director of Operations;
•Staffing Representative Slotkin as appropriate;
•Assisting the District Office leadership team with general office management
and special projects;
•Representing the Office of Representative Slotkin at some community events in
the Lansing area;
•Additional projects as assigned by the District Office leadership team.
Candidate Qualifications:
Candidates should be college graduates and have a strong desire to learn how
Congress works by joining a dynamic office. Ideal candidates are:
•Experienced in scheduling and/or directly supporting a senior leader;
•Hardworking and detail-oriented self-starters;
•Team players, able to work both collaboratively and individually;
•Excellent oral and written communicators;
•Able to produce high quality work in a fast-paced environment under tight
deadlines;
•Enthusiastic, collegial, and professional.
The Office of U.S. Representative Elissa Slotkin is an equal opportunity
employer. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-442-23

Southern California Democrat is seeking applicants for a Chief of Staff based in
Washington DC.
The Chief of Staff will work with the Member to determine the overall strategies
of the office. This includes, but is not limited to, formulating policy positions,
overseeing the office’s legislative and media relations strategies, and
collaborating with District staff on important local outreach and communication
efforts. In addition, the Chief of Staff will provide leadership and guidance to
structure the office to provide outstanding constituent relations.
The Chief of Staff will also oversee all recruiting and hiring efforts, the
establishment of office policies and procedures, and perform other critical
functions to support legislative and administrative operations and advocacies.
Finally, the Chief of Staff will have direct supervision over the Legislative
Director, Communications Director, District Director, and Scheduler.

Page 16 of 21

The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under pressure and the
flexibility to work long hours, including nights and weekends. Strong managerial
skills, strategic thinking, mission driven passion, and ties to Southern California
are preferred.
To apply for the Chief of Staff position, please send cover letter and resume
to CARuizJobs@mail.house.gov (mailto:CARuizJobs@mail.house.gov) with
“Chief of Staff” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with experience.
This is NOT an entry-level position.
No phone calls, drop-ins or faxes.
MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy
Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.
Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and

Page 17 of 21

possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-305-23

DPCC COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – The House Democratic Policy
and Communications Committee seeks an experienced Communications Director.
The Communications Director will work with the Executive Director to design
and execute strategies that advance the message priorities and values of House
Democrats; create messaging guidance, event suggestions, sample releases, and
other communications tools; help Democratic offices pitch stories, hold strong
local press events, and position Members in the media; and assist in bolstering
paid communications programs in Democratic offices.
The Communications Director is also expected to assist with the planning and
execution of regular DPCC message meetings and policy dinners; support DPCC
outreach initiatives; and assist with daily tasks and long-term planning. Spanish
language fluency and experience with constituency media is strongly preferred.
This is not an entry-level position; a strong background in communications on
Capitol Hill is required. DPCC is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex,
gender, LGBTQ+ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people
of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. DPCC
will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
To apply, please email jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF: 1. Cover letter; 2. Résumé;
3. Two writing samples, with one coming from work on Capitol Hill; and 4. Two
references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email,
and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not
contact these references without contacting you first).

MEM-300-23

Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-O4) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working,
skilled and experienced Legislative Director to help shape and manage a robust
legislative portfolio.

Page 18 of 21

Congressman Horsford is a member of the Armed Services and Financial
Services Committees, Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, and an active
frontline member. Previous legislative experience on Capitol Hill is required, and
Nevada ties are a plus.
Ideal candidates will have experience managing and mentoring staff, thinking
strategically and will possess a sophisticated understanding of the legislative
process, along with excellent writing, organizational and time management skills.
The ideal candidate will primarily be responsible for managing a legislative
portfolio that consists of healthcare, taxes, gun violence prevention, and other
issues.
Candidates should be creative, proactive and self-motivated, and have an ability
to operate effectively under pressure and work closely in a team atmosphere in
this fast-moving, dynamic office.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or parental
status. Women, people of color and LGBTQAI+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply, as are candidates with Nevada ties.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience, along with generous
benefits and professional development opportunities.
Interested candidates must include a cover letter, resume, two page max writing
sample and three professional references in a single PDF file.
Email submissions to the Director of Administration, Selena Harvey
at nv04resumes@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-LD-23_last name". No calls please. Individuals selected for an
interview will be contacted.
MEM-276-23

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Majority Staff
REPORTS TO: Majority Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance
and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with duties as assigned.
DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
Page 19 of 21

•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with full Committee hearings on matters within Subcommittee
jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
•Reviewing the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and
other publications for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Majority agenda, briefing of Members, and development
of questions;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Drafting remarks for Chairman and suggested questions for hearings;
•Preparation of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee
Chairman on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staff
Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee staff, as needed.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
REQUIRED SKILLS:
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Attention to detail.
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)

Page 20 of 21

•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and three writing
samples to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“DAMA Republican Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins,
please.

Page 21 of 21

