Click each button to ﬁnd your next career opportunity!
Member and Committee O9ices

Internship Opportunities

Member and Committee Openings
Week of [October, 07, 2024]
MEM-402-24
Constituent Advocate (District O3ice)
O#ice of Congresswoman Jill Tokuda
Rep. Jill Tokuda is looking for an enthusiastic and highly motivated individual to join her
district sta# in her Honolulu O#ice. This position works with constituents who request
assistance and acts as a liaison to federal, state, and local agencies. The ideal candidate
would have strong customer service skills and the ability to write quickly and e#ectively.
Attention to detail and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment is required.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Works with constituents who request assistance and maintains up-to-date ﬁles on
all cases.
• Manages casework through a constituent management system and handles cases
in a timely and responsible manner, which includes working with federal, state, and
local agencies.
• Answers phones, checks voicemail, and responds to calls or refers calls to
appropriate sta#. Greets and assists visitors.
• Reviews, processes, and distributes mail.
• Prepares written responses to constituent inquiries and congratulatory messages.
Candidates must be able to work a ﬂexible schedule, including occasional nights and
weekends. Interested candidates are requested to submit a cover letter and resume to
hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-392-24
Congresswoman Emilia Sykes seeks a Communications Director to serve in their
Washington, D.C. o#ice. Candidates must be proactive, possess superior written and oral
communication skills, and be able to execute a robust communications strategy. This is

not an entry-level position. Only candidates with prior political or legislative
communications experience will be considered.
Primary responsibilities:
•Creating and executing a robust communications plan;
•Establishing and maintaining relationships with Ohio, national, and D.C.-based media;
•Advancing press events and sta#ing the Member as needed, including occasional night
and weekend commitments;
•Drafting and distributing press releases, statements, and media advisories;
Creating, editing, and strategically placing op-eds;
•Overseeing the development of social media content creation, including rapid response;
•Managing a franked communications plan including text messages, e-newsletters, digital
ads, radio ads, 499s, mailers, etc;
•Pitching to reporters and producers, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the
main point-of-contact for media;
•Updating the website as needed;
•Managing the Press Secretary; and
•Performing other duties as assigned.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The o#ice is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
The salary range for this position is $90,000-$100,000 based on experience.
To apply, please send a resume, three references, and two writing samples in one pdf to
JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: Full Name –
Communications Director.

MEM-388-24
Representative Seth Moulton (MA-06) seeks a Legislative Correspondent &
Communications Assistant for his Washington, DC team. This individual will play a role in
the development of all written products, including but not limited to constituent mail; the
499 email program; newsletters; press advisories and releases; and speeches and talking
points. Exceptional writing skills are non-negotiable for this role. This position also
manages other outward facing constituent communications including tours, ﬂags,
incoming calls, and visitors, and coordinates the DC o#ice intern program (recruiting,
onboarding, managing).
The ideal candidate is an excellent, clear, and concise writer who can adapt to the voice of
the Congressman. This candidate has organizational and problem-solving skills,

impeccable attention to detail, a great sense of humor, a commitment to public service,
and a desire to be part of a highly collaborative, high-achieving team.
Capitol Hill experience and Massachusetts ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter, showcasing exceptional
writing abilities, to ma06.resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject “LCCA: LAST NAME”
by 5pm on Wednesday, October 9th.
Responsibilities:
•Managing and responding to all campaign mail, web messages, and phone
calls from constituents
•Drafting new form letters, rapid response emails, managing form letter
approval process, and maintaining form letter database
•Supporting the Communications Director by helping draft and edit all written
products
•Internship program management, including delegating ﬂag requests, physical
mail in the o#ice, tours, and constituent phone calls
•Biweekly mail report
•Other duties as assigned
This o#ice is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.

MEM-387-24
Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. (NC-12) is seeking an organized, detail-oriented
individual to serve in the position of District Liaison in a fast-paced and highly
collaborative Charlotte District O#ice. Successful candidates will have familiarity with
Federal agencies, excellent written and oral communication skills, the ability to exercise
discretion and independent judgement, and will be team oriented. Additionally, a strong
knowledge and/or connection to Mecklenburg and Cabarrus Counties is preferred, but not
required. This is a full-time and in-person position.
Core Responsibilities include: (but not limited to)
•To act as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies on behalf of the Member and
constituents.
•Managing and navigating constituents’ casework through federal agencies to ensure fair
and timely responses to their problems.
•Referring constituents to appropriate state or local agencies for non-federal issues.
•Assessing casework and community activities for matters warranting legislative action.
•Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal o#icials and other persons or groups to form
e#ective relationships for the Member/O#ice.
•Works well under pressure and handles stress.

•Meeting with constituents and answering casework correspondence.
•Continually screening active cases to ensure they are handled in a timely manner.
•Maintaining up-to-date ﬁles on all cases.
•Providing periodic updates to the Manager of Constituent Services and District Director on
pending cases.
•Maintaining a good relationship with the Member, sta#, and constituents.
•Accepts performance-based criticism and directions.
Additional responsibilities include: (but not limited to)
•Stakeholder engagement.
•Event planning and sta#ing.
•Administrative support for o#ice operations.
Greeting visitors.
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner.
•Telephone calls and logging incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Qualiﬁcations:
•Bachelor’s Degree.
•Background in Social Work preferred, but not required.
•Background in Customer Service preferred, but not required.
•Ability to communicate with diverse populations of individuals.
•Prior experience working for/with an elected o#icial is preferred.
Skills and Knowledge Required:
•Demonstrate a strong commitment to public service.
•Microsoft proﬁciency.
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved.
•Ability to work as a part of a dynamic team.
•Be creative in problem solving.
•Have excellent oral/verbal and written communication skills.
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others in a fast-paced o#ice.
•Have basic knowledge of federal agencies and the political process.
•Have knowledge of the Twelfth Congressional District.
All applicants must be able to work a ﬂexible work schedule; be available some nights
(after work hours), weekends and holidays.
We prefer applicants live in the 12th congressional district (but not required).
If interested in applying, send resume and cover letter directly to the Deputy Chief of Sta#
and District Director, Sandra A. Brown at Sandra.Brown@mail.house.gov. Closing date for
this position is October 18, 2024.

PLEASE NOTE: If you do not submit a cover letter along with your resume, you will not be
considered for this position.

MEM-382-24
The Military and Veterans A3airs Liaison is responsible for maintaining relationships with
veterans, military members, military installations and organizations, veterans organizations
and o#ices, and other like entities within the district. Additionally, the liaison will be
responsible for all military and veterans related casework and lead the o#ice’s service
academy nomination process.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
• Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned
issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents,
organizations, etc;
• Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal o#icials and other persons or groups to
form e#ective relationships for the Member;
• Acts as a liaison to and notiﬁes the appropriate media when the Member will be in
the liaison’s area and works with the Member’s Scheduler and Press Secretary to
ensure appropriate media participation;
• Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Director of Constituent Services;
• Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
• Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district o#ices;
• Assists with the handling of o#ice matters such as logging incoming and outgoing
correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
• Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
• Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
• Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, sta#, and constituents;
• Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
• Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
preferred;
• Previous o#ice experience is preferred;

•

Previous experience working for a Member of Congress, elected o#icial, or
government agency preferred;

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the o#ice;
• Accepts performance based criticism and directions;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
• Works a ﬂexible schedule including some nights and weekends;
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
• Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
• Professional telephone manner;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner;
• Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities;
• Knowledge of o#ice policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge of o#ice computer applications; and
• Proﬁciency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
• Work is mainly performed in an o#ice environment;
• Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
• This job is primarily performed in-person
• This position will be in the District O#ices of Congressman Max Miller (Medina and
Parma, Ohio)
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume to
Raymond.Paoletta@mail.house.gov.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-381-24
Representative Seth Moulton (D-MA) is hiring a hard-working, dynamic, and team-oriented
Digital Communications Manager or Director for his Salem Congressional O#ice. Salary
and title are commensurate with experience and competitive with similar public service
jobs.
The Digital Communications sta#er will be responsible for managing Congressman
Moulton’s digital brand – including paid and organic social media, email newsletters, the
Congressman’s o#icial website, and more. This role will also be charged with expanding the
team’s use of video, educating our constituents about Congressman Moulton’s work, and
creatively engaging and growing our online audiences.
This position will also support the drafting and distribution of written materials like media
advisories and remarks for District events. They will frequently attend events with
Congressman Moulton and capture video and photos for social media and newsletter
content.
This position is based out of the Salem, MA o#ice and will report directly to the DC-based
Communications Director. The communications team will work together seamlessly
across Washington and Massachusetts. This is not an entry level position.
To apply: send your resume, cover letter, three references, and the three things you’ve
created professionally (at least two written products) that best represent your work to
MA06.Resumes@mail.house.gov by 11:59 PM EST on October 1st, 2024.
Desired Attributes and Skills:
• You’re a clear and concise writer who can adapt to the Congressman’s voice.
• You are passionate about digital communications and have an excellent knowledge
of the social media landscape. You have experience managing the digital brand of a
principal, brand, or organization.
• You are proﬁcient in graphic design (i.e. Canva) and video editing tools (light editing
and captioning), and photography.
• You are organized and excellent at time-management. You are comfortable moving
in between tasks and making decisions about prioritization in the moment.
• You have some experience conceptualizing communications strategies and want to
expand that knowledge.
• You’re proactive, extremely collaborative, and adaptable. You love fast-paced
environments and are ready to learn new things.
• You believe in the importance of public service.
Qualiﬁcations:

The ideal candidate has at least 2-3 years of full-time experience working as part of a
communications team. We are looking for someone with new and creative ideas who has
excellent instincts, is quick-thinking and proactive, and who is diplomatic with the ability to
build strong relationships. You should be interested in learning and writing about a wide
range of policy issues – from national security to tax reform. You are ultimately a thought
partner who will work across every corner of our team to elevate the work that we do
everyday.
You don’t have to be an expert on how Congress works, but at a minimum you are
interested in learning more about the federal government – and about the 6th District –
while honing your skills. You might not have all the desired skills for this job, but you should
have experience with the fundamentals of graphic design, video, photography, and social
media. You should also be a clear and concise writer with the ability to adapt your writing
style to the Congressman’s voice.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualiﬁed applicants will receive
consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin,
disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy
and pregnancy-related conditions or any other characteristic protected by law.

MEM-378-24
This is a full-time on-site role as a District Scheduler / Sta3 Assistant at the O#ice of
Congressman Brad Schneider in Lincolnshire, IL. The role involves handling day-to-day
scheduling tasks and providing administrative support to the o#ice.
Job Duties:
• Coordinate In-District Scheduling: Organizes, coordinates, and manages
Congressman Schneider’s schedule for in-district meetings and events.
• Collaborate with Operations: Partners closely with the Director of Operations (DC)
to manage meeting and event requests, draft event memos, and maintain ongoing
communication with event organizers.
• Create a Positive O#ice Environment: Provides a welcoming atmosphere and
ensures a positive ﬁrst impression for constituents, visitors, and stakeholders.
• Manage Communications: Handles incoming calls with professionalism, poise, and
e#iciency.
• Capture Constituent Feedback: Collects and documents input from constituents on
policy issues for the Member’s review and response.
• Oversee Internship Program: Recruits, interviews, and onboards interns for the
District O#ice internship program.
• Support Casework Intake: Assists in the casework intake process for constituents
seeking assistance and maintains assigned casework records.
• Plan and Execute Outreach Programs: Develops, supports, and participates in o#ice
outreach programming as directed.

•
•
•
•
•

Adapt to Feedback: Receives and incorporates performance-based feedback and
direction.
Thrive Under Pressure: Demonstrates the ability to work well under pressure and
manage stress e#ectively.
Ensure Reliable Attendance: Meets established attendance standards set by the
o#ice.
Provide Event Support: Sta#s and transports Congressman Schneider to and from
events.
Perform Additional Responsibilities: Undertakes other duties as assigned.

Qualiﬁcations
• Excellent organizational and time management skills
• Strong communication and interpersonal abilities
• Proﬁciency in Microsoft O#ice suite
• Ability to multitask and work in a fast-paced environment
• Attention to detail and accuracy
• Previous experience in scheduling or administrative support is a plus
• Bachelor's degree in a relevant ﬁeld
To apply: All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and writing sample
in a single PDF attachment to IL10.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “District
Scheduler / Sta# Assistant - [applicant’s last name]”. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis. No calls or drop-ins please.
Our o#ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex marital or parental status, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law.
Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request accommodation at any time
during those processes.

MEM-377-24
Congresswoman Robin Kelly (IL-02) seeks a District Press/Digital
Assistant for her Hyde Park, IL or Matteson, IL office who is a
highly motivated and detail-oriented individual with experience in
communications, digital media, and social media. This position will
work closely with and report to the Communications Director to
assist with press operations - such as talking points, press events,
and direct constituent communications - and produce digital
content across social media platforms.
The ideal candidate will be creative, politically astute, have a
strong proficiency in crafting social media content across social

media platforms, and will be a team player with an ability to handle
multiple tasks at once. Excellent writing and strong organizational
skills are essential, 1-2 years of relevant experience (including
internships) is preferred. Illinois ties are a plus.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Compiling daily press clips
• Drafting press releases, op-eds, advisories, newsletters, and
other written materials
• Taking photos and videos at District events
• Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
• Creating social media content and website content
• Attending and assisting at District outreach events
• Creating engaging graphics
• Creating and maintaining press lists
• Staffing the Congresswoman for in-district press opportunities
• Organizing the responsibilities of the communications
department to ensure all priorities are given adequate attention
• Other tasks as needed
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
• Excellent oral & written communication skills
• Some photo, video or web experience
• Ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks
• Comfortable with a constituent-facing role
• Basic understanding of the Congressional political process
This is a full-time position based in Congresswoman Kelly’s Illinois
office. Employees are expected to work from the office with some
work from home flexibilities. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex
(including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national
origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Interested candidates must submit a resume to
jessica.lee@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: “Last
Name – Press/Digital Assistant.” Qualified candidates should
submit a single PDF saved with
LastName.FirstName.PressAssistant to include:
•
•
•
•

Cover letter
Resume
Two writing samples
Two digital examples

MEM-135-24
PRESS SECRETARY- The O#ice of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03) seeks an
experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. o#ice. Candidates must be able to
manage media relations, press opportunities, and messaging for a senior member of
Congress. This role reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active relationships with top-tier
national media outlets and on-the-record experience will receive preferred consideration. Ohio
ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media opportunities in
top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations, messaging, and risk management.
•Advance press events and staff the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current relationships with
national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media advisories, and
op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the office’s larger communications strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender
identity), national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age,
membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other
non-merit factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as candidates from underrepresented
groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the following
subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.

MEM-451-23
The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the House Committee
on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an experienced policy professional and
manager to be the Member’s Legislative Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities including civil
rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and Communications Director the
Legislative Director will aim to ensure the Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented.

This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience
working in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office staff on policy
initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district, legislation sponsored
by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an original, lead cosponsor, and legislation
on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights, women’s rights, gun
policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience. Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to ellis.mcginnis@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until
ﬁlled.

Incomplete applications may not be considered. This o#ice is an equal
opportunity employer and will consider all applicants without regard to race,
color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual orientation, gender
identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Internship Openings
Week of [October, 07, 2024]
MEM-408-24
Congressman Gabe Amo’s (RI-01) Washington, D.C. office is seeking interns for the Spring
2025 session. Interns would be expected to start in January and stay through May or June.
These internships provide students with an opportunity to learn more about the workings
of a congressional office and to see the legislative process first-hand. Interns will be
expected to answer phones, sort mail, research legislation, attend hearings and briefings,
write memos, give tours of the Capitol, and draft constituent letters on various issues and
other matters as assigned.
Applicants with Rhode Island ties and of diverse backgrounds are highly encouraged to
apply. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply please send a copy of your resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample
to alex.nelson@mail.house.gov by 10am on Friday, October 18th with the subject line “DC
Intern Application - Full Name.” Please no phone calls or walk-ins regarding the status of
your application.

MEM-407-24
Job Opening: Spring DC Fellowship
Office: Congressman Shri Thanedar
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) is now accepting
applications for a legislative fellowship during the Spring 2025 term. This fellowship is a
great opportunity for individuals in professional programs who seek to gain an in-depth
legislative experience. This is a full-time, in-person position.
Fellows assist the legislative team with drafting legislation, assisting with stakeholder
meetings, and helping with committee assignments.

Duties include but are not limited to:
• Performing Research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available resources)
• Attending meetings on behalf of the office
• Drafting talking points, proclamations, and various briefings
• Staffing the Congressman at various events
• Tracking and responding to constituent requests and letters
• Helping find legislative opportunities for sponsorship and co-sponsorship
• Performing tasks and duties as needed to help day to day activities of the office
Other duties will be based on the fellow's interests.
We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, research skills, and strong
writing skills. Start and end dates are flexible. MI-13 ties and research experience are
pluses. Must be in a program that sponsors your fellowship.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age. We strongly
encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and members of other underrepresented
communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample in one
combined document to HR.Thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name Spring DC Fellow Application.” The application deadline is November 15, 2024. No calls or
drop-ins, please.

MEM-406-24
Job Opening: Spring DC Internship
Office: Congressman Shri Thanedar
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) is now accepting
applications for press and legislative internships during the Spring 2025 term. This
internship is a great opportunity for individuals who seek to gain public service experience
and insight into Capitol Hill. This is a full-time, in-person position.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Answering phone calls
• Greeting office visitors
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Coordinating tour requests and leading tours of the Capitol
• Attending congressional briefings, hearings and other professional development events
• Drafting press releases to be posted on the website and social media accounts
• Researching legislation and writing cosponsor memos for the legislative team
• Assisting operations, communications, and legislative staffers with various tasks

Other duties will be based on the intern's interests.
We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, customer service skills, and
strong writing skills. Start and end dates are flexible. MI-13 ties and service industry
experience are pluses.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age. We strongly
encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and members of other underrepresented
communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample in one
combined document to HR.Thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name Spring DC Press or Legislative Intern Application.” The application deadline is November
15, 2024. No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-405-24
Congressman Gabe Amo’s (RI-01) Pawtucket o#ice is seeking interns for the
Spring 2025 session. Interns would be expected to start in early to midJanuary. These internships provide students with an opportunity to learn
more about the workings of a congressional district o#ice and to see the
constituent service process ﬁrst-hand. Interns will be expected to answer
phones, sort mail, assist constituents, conduct research, write memos, and
draft constituent letters on various issues and other matters as assigned.
Applicants with Rhode Island ties and of diverse backgrounds are highly
encouraged to apply. The o#ice does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation,
and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
To apply please send a copy of your resume, cover letter, and a writing
sample to sara.terrien@mail.house.gov by 10:00am on Friday, October 18
with the subject line “Intern Application - Full Name.” Please no phone calls
or walk-ins regarding the status of your application.

MEM-404-24
FERN HOLLAND INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS FELLOWSHIP
Congressman Moulton o#ers a full-time, paid foreign policy fellowship in our
Washington, D.C. o#ice. This opportunity is only open to candidates who are
currently Pell Grant-eligible or who were Pell Grant-eligible while pursuing
their bachelor's degree. Current undergraduate students, current graduate
students, and recent college graduates are welcome to apply, though
preference is given to graduate students. The fellow will work on assignments

on foreign policy and national security, in addition to some regularly assigned
intern responsibilities.
RESPONSIBILITIES
• Conducting legislative research.
• Taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings.
• Organizing research from Members of Congress and outside
organizations.
• Writing brieﬁngs for the Congressman.
• Drafting questions for House Armed Services Committee and Select
Committee on China hearings.
• The full fellowship description can be found here.
APPLICATIONS
If you have trouble accessing the application form above, please email
Emerson Jacobson (Emerson.Jacobson@mail.house.gov)
You will need a cover letter and resume to apply
If you are selected for an interview, a sta# member will contact you
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis
If selected, you will be required to submit a FAFSA form.

MEM-403-24
The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns
for Spring 2025 (beginning of February – end of May). Applicants must be
organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we seek candidates
who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources Committee’s
jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are eager to
learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research,
prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach,
and aid communications.
Preferred qualiﬁcations: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to
the needs and concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds,
and orientations. Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism,
economic and social inequality in the United States, and has a passion for
working to dismantle these systems.
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work ino#ice when Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a
monthly stipend of $3,200 plus transit beneﬁts.
This o#ice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national

origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual
orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law.
Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to
participate in the application or hiring process are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes.
The application deadline is close of business on October 25. Interested
candidates should apply by visiting the House Natural Resources Committee
Democrats website at
https://democratsnaturalresources.house.gov/internships.
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates
who are being actively considered for this position.

MEM-401-24
The o#ice of Congressman Kevin Kiley is seeking full or part-time interns for
the FALL 2024 term. Position duties include attending Congressional
hearings, scheduling/leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail,
and assisting legislative sta# with research.
Applicants should possess conservative values and hold strong written and
verbal communication skills. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume and availability. Please use
“Kevin Kiley Internship” in the subject line. Please send resumes to
Anthony.euceda@mail.house.gov

MEM-400-24
The Washington D.C. O#ice of Representative Brad Sherman CA-32 will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Spring
Semester 2025.
Applications will be accepted October 1st, 2024 – November 8th, 2024.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front o#ice operations;
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly
processing other inquiries;
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests;

•
•
•
•
•
•

Day-to-day o#ice work to assist with the functioning of the
congressional o#ice and other duties as delegated by members of the
sta#;
Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and
drafting constituent letters;
Attending hearings and brieﬁngs, as requested by senior sta#;
Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team;
Other administrative tasks as assigned
As a result, interns will learn about the functions of a congressional
o#ice, congressional communications, and the legislative process.

Ideal candidates should be a self-starter with strong attention to detail, the
ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of
humor. CA-32 ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
Applications should be sent in PDF format to brads.interns@mail.house.gov
with “CA-32 Spring 2025 Internship” in the subject line.
For more information on the internship please visit:
https://sherman.house.gov/contact/internships

MEM-399-24
Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) D.C. o#ice seeks interns for the
upcoming Spring 2025 semester. The ideal candidate possesses a high
degree of professionalism and maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a
team player with a positive attitude. This position demands the ability to
multi-task, strong organizational skills and must work cooperatively and
courteously with others in a shared space.
Duties include attending hearings and brieﬁngs on behalf of the
Congresswoman and legislative sta#ers, working directly with the
communications team on press strategies, answering telephones, compiling
daily press clips relevant to the o#ice’s priorities, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and providing administrative assistance to the D.C. sta#.

Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South
Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit the below application with a resume
and cover letter in a single PDF ﬁle. Cover letter should detail reasons for
applying to the position. A stipend will be given to accepted applicants.
Deadline to apply is Friday, October 18, 2024, by 11:59pmEST. If 50
applicants have applied, applications will close before the deadline.
Application Link:
https://frankel.house.gov/constituentservices/internships.htm
If you should have any questions, comments, concerns, or are in need of any
additional details or materials to pass along the internship posting please
feel free to contact me via email at amaris.graham@mail.house.gov!

MEM-398-24
Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C.,
o#ice for the Winter/Spring 2025 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students,
graduate students, and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of
a Congressional o#ice and the legislative process. Interns should have a
general understanding of the U.S. political system, value open
communication, be eager to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be
an educational experience. Internships are o#ered for either academic credit
or a stipend. Internship applicants must be high school graduates. Current
students and recent graduates will be given ﬁrst priority for the internship
program.
Legislative intern responsibilities include:
• Attending committee hearings and congressional brieﬁngs,
• Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
• Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.
Press intern responsibilities include:

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press
Secretary in drafting and editing social media content, digital
graphics, and other digital materials,
Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
Answering phones and processing mail,
Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks,
as directed.
Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic
familiarity with graphic design and video editing. Submission of a
sample graphic or similar communications work with your application
is strongly encouraged.

This o#ice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of
our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover
letter, resume, three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf ﬁle,
with the ﬁle name including internship class, year, last name, and ﬁrst name
(i.e. Spring2025.Doe.Jane.pdf) to CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by
November 15, 2024.
Please specify whether you are applying for the press internship or the
legislative internship. Applicants with strong ties to the 49th District are given
preference.

MEM-397-24
In the o#ice of Congressman Tim Kennedy, internships run throughout the
fall, spring and summer sessions for college students and recent graduates.
Students may be eligible for a stipend throughout the course of their
internship and will gain an invaluable work experience working under a
member of Congress. The hours are ﬂexible to accommodate students'
hectic course schedules, but generally run Monday through Friday 9:00 a.m.
to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when
not in session.
In Washington, DC and the Bu#alo District O#ice, interns' responsibilities
will vary, respectively. They will be asked to answer phones, run errands,
research legislation for the Member and legislative sta#, attend hearings and

brieﬁngs, write letters, and assist with media clips. In addition, interns may
be assigned to assist in various constituent case work or work on Districtbased projects of importance. As a result, interns learn about the legislative
process and the many other functions of a congressional o#ice.
To apply for an internship please email
<<ny26internapplication@kennedyny26.com>> with the subject line [Name],
[DC or District Intern], [Session (Spring, Summer, Fall)]. In the email, please
include an attachment of a resume, cover letter, and three references.\

MEM-396-24
The o#ice of Congressman Kevin Hern (OK-01) seeks motivated and teamoriented Interns to assist with various o#ice duties based in his Washington,
D.C. o#ice for the 2025 Spring Term (January – April/May). Internships are
intended to current undergraduate students, recent college graduates, and
students currently enrolled in graduate school.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering constituent phone
calls, taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings, conducting tours of the Capitol,
drafting correspondence letters, assembling press and news clips, and
assisting sta# with other research and administrative duties.
Ideal candidates have a strong interest in public policy, demonstrated
responsibility, respectable personal conduct, and are committed to serving
the constituents of Oklahoma’s 1st Congressional District with the utmost
diligence.
Interested candidates should visit
https://hern.house.gov/services/internship.htm for application instructions.
Application Deadline: November 20th by 5pm CST
Start Date: January

MEM-395-24
The Washington, D.C. O#ice of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting
applications for an internship during the 2025 Spring term. Applicants must
be based in Washington, D.C. for the duration of the spring internship (midJanuary to mid-May, subject to change).
The hours are ﬂexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but
generally run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and

9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House Calendar).
Interns receive a stipend distributed based on total hours worked.
In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will vary.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front o#ice operations;
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly
processing other inquiries;
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests;
• Day-to-day o#ice work to assist with the functioning of the
congressional o#ice and other duties as delegated by members of the
sta#;
• Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and
drafting constituent letters;
• Attending hearings and brieﬁngs, as requested by senior sta#;
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team;
• Interacting with members of sta# in the D.C. o#ice and virtually with
the Rochester o#ice;
• Other administrative tasks as assigned.
As a result, interns will learn about the operations of a congressional o#ice,
congressional communications, and the legislative process.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent written and verbal
communications skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to succeed in a
fast-paced work environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State
ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• Writing sample (ex. policy memo, short essay, etc.) (max. 2 pages)
• Dates of availability
The o#ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, current
graduate students, and recent college graduates.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.

Applications should be sent in PDF format to
Savannah.Chadwick@mail.house.gov with “NY-25 Spring 2025 DC
Internship” in the subject line. The deadline for this internship application is
October 14th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit their
application early. Interview requests will be sent out following the October
14th deadline.

MEM-394-24
The District O#ice of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY,
will be accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Spring
Semester 2025.
Applications will be accepted September 30th, 2024 – November 1st, 2024.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Completing constituent calls
• Writing letters, certiﬁcates, and proclamations
• Day-to-day o#ice work
• Interacting with members of sta# in the Rochester o#ice and virtually
in the D.C. o#ice
• Other duties delegated by members of sta# including various
constituent case work or work on District-based projects of
importance
As a result, interns will learn about the functions of a congressional o#ice,
congressional communications, and the legislative process.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, strong
attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a
good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
Applications should be sent in PDF format to Eric.Gros@mail.house.gov with
“NY-25 Spring 2025 District Internship” in the subject line.

The deadline for this internship application is November 1st, 2024, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Interview
requests will be sent out following the November 1st deadline.
For more information on the district internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships

MEM-393-24
The O#ice of Congresswoman Kim Schrier (WA-08) is seeking interns in its
Issaquah and Washington, D.C. o#ices for spring 2025.
Applicants should be eager to learn more about the legislative process and
want to be part of a hardworking team dedicated to serving Washington’s 8th
Congressional District. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional o#ice,
gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
In Washington, D.C., intern responsibilities will include greeting constituents,
answering constituent phone calls, supporting sta# with administrative
tasks, conducting legislative research, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and other miscellaneous tasks as assigned. Interns in
Washington, D.C. also have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol,
as well as attend brieﬁngs for the legislative sta#.
In the District o#ice, interns will assist with a variety of tasks, including dayto-day o#ice work such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting
with media clips. District o#ice interns may also help with constituent
casework or other District-based projects of importance.
Qualiﬁcations
Ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, and a strong interest in public
service. In addition, the ability to multi-task and work with a team are a plus.
Washington state ties are a plus, but not required.
Starting and ending dates are ﬂexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 20 hours per week during business hours.
Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an
interest in public service. Stipends or academic credit are available.
Please apply by November 15, 2024, at 11:59 p.m. ET.

Please be prepared to submit a cover letter, resume, three references and
relevant information at https://schrier.house.gov/services/internships. If you
have issues with this form, please email relevant application materials to
DistrictInternshipsWA08@mail.house.gov.

MEM-391-24
Representative Jim Baird (IN-4) is seeking internship applicants for Spring
2025 in his Washington, DC o#ice. This is a paid, in-person, invaluable
opportunity to experience the legislative process hands-on through a wide
range of tasks and responsibilities providing support with o#ice
administration, communications, and legislative work.
Responsibilities may include answering phones, greeting o#ice visitors,
sorting mail, conducting legislative research, attending hearings and
brieﬁngs, giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, assisting communications sta#
with press releases and social media, and drafting constituent letters.
The ideal candidate should have strong oral and written communication
skills, be detail oriented, motivated, and ﬂexible, and address all work with a
positive attitude.
Prior constituent or customer service experience, a demonstrated interest in
public service, and District/Indiana ties are preferred.
The internship will run from early January to mid-May and can be full-time or
part-time to accommodate educational commitments.
Interested applicants should apply and upload a resume through the website
at: https://baird.house.gov/services/internships.htm.
Any questions can be directed to baird.intern@mail.house.gov.

MEM-390-24
Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are
passionate, driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his
Salem o#ice and Washington D.C. o#ice. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college
graduates. Interns receive a stipend distributed based on total hours worked.
D.C. RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front
desk.

•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail.
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman.
•Taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings.
•Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting
legislative research.
DISTRICT RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front
desk.
•Assisting the Casework Team on a variety of casework requests involving
federal agencies.
•Taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting
legislative research and attending community events.
APPLICATIONS
Applicants can ﬁnd more information on the internship portal
at moulton.house.gov under the ‘Services’ tab. All applications are due on
November 10th, 2024, and will be reviewed after the application period
closes.
If you have trouble accessing the application form above or have other
questions, please email Emerson Jacobson
(Emerson.Jacobson@mail.house.gov.)

MEM-387-24
The o#ice of Congressman Tom McClintock is seeking full or part-time
interns. Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings,
scheduling/leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and
assisting legislative sta# with research.
Applicants should possess conservative values and hold strong written and
verbal communication skills. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com. Please use “McClintock Internship”
in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-384-24

The Washington, D.C. O#ice of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is
seeking interns for the spring of 2025. This is an in-person opportunity with
limited hybrid hours possible. A majority of the program is spent in the o#ice.
This position o#ers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and
fast-paced o#ice. Internships are o#ered on a full-time and part-time basis,
and stipends are o#ered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred.
Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are
ﬂexible. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualiﬁcations:
· Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
· Strong communications and writing skills.
· Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
· Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
· Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
· Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other
forms of outreach.
· Attend virtual brieﬁngs and track virtual hearings.
· Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
· Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following
materials on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
· Resume.
· Cover letter.
· Three references.
About O#ice of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

MEM-383-24
Rep. Josh Brecheen (OK-02): Full-Time Paid Internship –– Spring and
Summer 2025 (Flexible Dates), DC O#ice
Congressman Josh Brecheen's DC o#ice is currently accepting applications
for a paid internship for the Spring 2025 semester, beginning as early as
January 2nd. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering

and logging constituent phone calls, sorting mail, drafting constituent letters,
assisting with legislative research, leading Capitol tours, and assisting with
public communications tasks.
The internship provides a valuable opportunity to contribute to the daily
operations of a congressional o#ice and gain ﬁrst-hand experience with the
legislative process. Ideal candidates will be motivated team-players who
have a strong work ethic, good written and verbal communication skills, and
the ability to problem-solve with the aim of providing excellent constituent
service. Oklahoma ties are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should submit their resume to
admin.brecheen@mail.house.gov and ﬁll out an online application at
https://brecheen.house.gov/services/internships.htm

MEM-380-24
The O#ice of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is accepting
applications for Spring 2025 Press Interns in our Washington, D.C., Reading,
and West Chester o#ices. This internship will run from early January through
late May.
We o#er needs-based stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our
internship program has returned to in-person work with ﬂexible telework
options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have
experience in a faced-paced, deadline-oriented work environment.
Applicants must be independent problem-solvers, have strong writing skills,
and be comfortable communicating to both internal and external audiences.
Technical experience with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign, Illustrator),
photo editing programs (Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software
(Premiere, Headliner) a major plus.
Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips,
helping draft copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital
content. Press interns will have the opportunity to sta# the congresswoman
to capture videos and photos of events. We o#er interns the opportunity to
see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and
work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and
why you’re interested in interning in our o#ice, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one

example of digital work (video, graphic or photo) to
PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This o#ice is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity,
national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identiﬁcation, family status, or military
status. Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-379-24
The O#ice of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is accepting
applications for Spring 2025 legislative interns in our West Chester,
Reading, and Washington, D.C. o#ices. This internship will run from early
January through late May.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we o#er needs-based
stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our internship program has
returned to in-person work with ﬂexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and
a passion for community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious,
willing to spend a lot of time on the phone and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and
drafting memos for our legislative sta#, to sta#ing the Congresswoman in
hearings or meetings. We o#er interns the opportunity to see Congress up
close and from the inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience
are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
Please submit applications through the “Legislative Internship” form our
website, Houlahan.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This o#ice is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity,
national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identiﬁcation, family status, or military
status. Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

