________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 12, 2021

MEM-113-21

Texas conservative Republican member seeks a scheduler for DC office. This
position is responsible for organizing, tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
scheduling requests as well as managing all aspects of the member’s schedule.
Relevant experience includes processing and managing scheduling requests,
arranging travel, and keeping an organized calendar.
Scheduler will work closely with the member, chief of staff, and district director
in strategically planning the member’s schedule to advance office priorities.
Applicants must have attention to detail, ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, strong organizational skills, and ability to work collaboratively with
a team.
Hill experience and Texas ties preferred; prior relevant experience required.
Salary commensurate with experience. Please email cover letter, resume, and 2
professional references as a single PDF with the file name, “Last name.First
name” to txgopofficejobs21@gmail.com

MEM-112-21

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) seeks an experienced,
organized, and highly motivated Scheduler for her Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include managing all aspects of the Member’s DC schedule;
making all travel arrangements; organizing and promptly responding to incoming
scheduling requests; managing the Member’s time in a productive and timely
Page 1 of 12

manner; and coordinating with the District Scheduler and all staff to ensure a
smooth operation.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate will have prior experience
as a scheduler, office manager, or executive assistant, whether on Capitol Hill or
off. The ideal candidate will also have excellent attention to detail, a strong work
ethic, impeccable organizational skills, the ability to stay calm in stressful
situations, superb communication skills, and be able to work seamlessly in a
team-oriented environment. This position may require flexible hours and
availability by phone/email during evenings and weekends.
Ties to Delaware are a plus. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and
resume to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “DC Scheduler” in the subject line by
COB April 21st. No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.
MEM-111-21

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
scheduler. Individual should be highly organized, detail-oriented and able to
multi-task and work in a very fast-paced office.
Main responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules for both DC and the District, processing all incoming invitations and
meeting requests, coordinating travel arrangements, and communicating with
constituents by phone and email to address requests, concerns, and questions.
Additional Responsibilities may also include some administrative tasks including
processing and managing expenses and reimbursements.
Candidates should be resourceful, team-oriented, and have a positive attitude.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Applicants should have previous scheduling
experience (at least one year in a similar position). Salary is commensurate with
experience.
A car and good driving record are helpful in the event we need a back-up driver
for the Member.
Southern California ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-110-21

Rep. Chris Pappas (NH-01) Seeks Legislative Assistant
Page 2 of 12

Rep. Chris Pappas, a member of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, is
seeking a Legislative Assistant to manage a broad legislative portfolio that
currently includes, but may not be limited to, Veterans Affairs Committee Work,
including the Congressman's role as Chair of the Oversight and Investigations
Subcommittee, defense, foreign affairs, immigration, and trade. The position
currently staffs the Congressman on LGBTQ+ issues and the Equality Caucus.
Candidates should be team-oriented, strong writers, understand the legislative
process, and possess a passion for public service.
This is not an entry-level position, and candidates should have previous
legislative Hill experience or relevant experience in the portfolio of issues. New
Hampshire or New England ties a plus.
Those interested in applying should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and 1-2 page
writing sample to nh01jobs@gmail.com with the subject: “Veterans Affairs LA Last Name” by COB, Monday, April 12, 2021.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-108-21

Counsel - House Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commercial, and
Administrative Law
The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commercial, and
Administrative Law seeks a hard-working lawyer with significant legal
experience to serve as counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Subcommittee on matters of law and policy; drafting legislation; coordinating
hearings and witnesses; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and
providing guidance to offices both on and off the Subcommittee on matters of
antitrust law.
A strong background in antitrust is required. Exceptional writing skills, sound
political judgment, and the ability to work closely and collaboratively with other
congressional offices and advocacy organizations are also strongly preferred.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Page 3 of 12

Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Antitrust Counsel” in the subject
line.
MEM-106-21

DIGITAL DIRECTOR / PRESS SECRETARY – Congressman Mark Pocan
(WI-02), member of both the House Appropriations and Education & Labor
Committees, is seeking a highly motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic
individual with experience in digital media strategy and video editing for a
Digital Director/Press Secretary position.
Daily tasks include managing and creating content for member’s social media
platforms and website; graphic design; video filming and editing; daily press
clips; managing in-district media relations; drafting releases, newsletters and
advisories; and organizing press events. The ideal candidate will be creative, have
a strong proficiency in crafting digital content, experience coordinating with
media, and be a detail-oriented team player able to handle multiple tasks at once.
Excellent writing and strong organizational skills are essential, along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Capitol Hill
experience is a plus, but not required. A sense of humor is greatly appreciated,
and the position reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified candidates should submit a cover
letter, resume, two writing samples, and an example of previous digital media or
graphic design projects to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Digital
Director/Press Secretary” in the subject line. Job opening closes COB on April
8th. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.

MEM-104-21

SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT/COUNSEL – Rep. Karen Bass (CA37) seeks a hardworking lawyer with legal, policy, and Hill experience to serve as
a Senior Legislative Assistant/Counsel, with the primary portfolio focusing on the
Member’s Judiciary Committee work.
Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the Member in committee
hearings and markups; drafting talking points and speeches; and researching,
drafting, and introducing legislation. All candidates should be a team player and
possess excellent writing and communication skills, ability to work
independently, and a thorough understanding of the legislative process.
Strong candidates will have good relationships on the Hill with Democrats and
Republicans, the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment, and a
Page 4 of 12

track record of turning ideas into legislation and preferably legislation into law.
This is not an entry-level position.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and two short (1-2
page) writing samples to CA37.HR@mail.house.gov with “Senior Legislative
Assistant” in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, sexual
orientation, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls
or drop-ins, please.
MEM-103-21

Congressman Steve Cohen (TN-09) seeks a Scheduler for his DC office. This
individual is responsible for organizing, tracking, evaluating, and responding to
all DC and legislative scheduling requests, making travel arrangements, and
managing all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term DC schedule.
In addition to these duties, the Scheduler will be involved in various
administrative tasks including tracking leave requests, House training
compliance, member and staff reimbursements, parking coordination, and other
duties as assigned. The ideal candidate will, in a fast-paced environment, have
exceptional attention to detail and problem-solving skills, the ability to remain
flexible to last-minute changes and demands, and a strong work ethic.
Interested applicants should email a resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to Cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Scheduler: Last name.”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate
effectively in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes. Requests for accommodation
should be directed to Cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-102-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
motivated, creative, and organized Digital Manager.
The Digital Manager will be responsible for developing, implementing, and
executing a digital strategy to effectively communicate with the public and grow
the Committee’s online presence. Daily responsibilities will include developing
Page 5 of 12

creative content, managing the Committee’s website, and coordinating digital
media strategy with Member offices and stakeholder groups.
The ideal candidate will be resourceful and proactive, have strong graphic design
and video editing skills, and a working knowledge of the legislative process and
Hill press operations. Candidates should have at least three years of experience
working in digital communications. Congressional or campaign experience
preferred but not required.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, 2 work samples, and 3
professional references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Digital Manager" in
the subject line. Salary commensurate with education and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-101-21

Southern California Democrat is seeking a bilingual, high energy, highlyorganized, and detail- oriented Field Representative/Caseworker for San Diego
County District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as an official representative for the Member throughout communities in
the District.
•Act as liaison to federal, district, and local government agencies and elected
officials.
•Establish and maintain effective relationships with community members and
organizations.
•Monitor local issues of importance and keep the District Director updated.
•Provide logistical support and staff the Member at district meetings and events.
•Assess local and casework-related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director and Chief of
Staff.
•Respond to casework correspondence and inquiries from constituents.
•Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• A candidate with an understanding of federal issues.
• Veterans, women, and minorities encouraged to apply.
• Ability to work non-traditional hours, including nights and weekends.
• Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills.
• Ability to work with staff at all levels, work well under pressure and be detailoriented.
• Possess an understanding of the federal legislative process.
• Ability to quickly learn about key issues and events in the district for which the
Page 6 of 12

Member is involved.
• A qualified applicant must possess a valid California driver’s license with the
ability to travel as needed.
Applicants bilingual in Spanish and/or Tagalog preferred. To apply, please email
a resume and cover letter to cajobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-100-21

The Offices of Congressman Antonio Delgado (NY-19) and Congressman Paul
D. Tonko (NY-20) seek an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized Grants
Coordinator to be based out of their New York offices.
Job Summary:
The incumbent will have the unique opportunity to support multiple
Congressional offices and as such will report to two or more managers.
Therefore, the incumbent will be expected to understand multiple office policies
and procedures as well as establish and maintain effective relationships with
associated office staff in multiple offices.
Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
•Managing all functions of the offices’ grants programs.
•Providing direct support to constituents, including but not limited, to local
governments, small businesses and non-profit organizations seeking federal
financial assistance, researching potential federal, state and private grant
opportunities.
•Drafting correspondence related to constituent grant applications and working
with staff to conduct outreach and communications on federal funding and
resources.
Qualifications:
Applicant must have a passion for public service, great organizational skills,
strong writing skills, the ability to learn quickly, and a solid team mentality. Extra
consideration will be given to those with NY-19 and/or NY-20 ties and a safe
vehicle with a good driving record.
Compensation/Benefits:
Compensation commensurate with experience. Employees of the U.S. House of
Representatives are eligible to participate in the various employee benefits plans
(e.g. Thrift Savings Plan, Federal Employees Health Benefits, Federal Employees
Life Insurance, etc.) to which other federal employees are entitled.
Equal Employment Opportunity:
The Offices of Congressman Antonio Delgado and Congressman Paul D. Tonko
are equal opportunity employers; they do not discriminate on the basis of race,
sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual
orientation or gender identity or expression.

Page 7 of 12

Applicant Instructions:
Interested individuals should email a cover letter, résumé, and a writing sample of
no less than one (1) page and no more than five (5) pages
to NY20jobs@mail.house.gov with “Grants Coordinator Employment
Opportunity” in the subject line.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis, but all materials must be received by April 16, 2021.
MEM-099-21

Chairman Khanna seeks Professional Staff Member
Chairman Ro Khanna seeks an exceptional, self-motivated candidate to staff Mr.
Khanna on the Committee on Oversight and Reform, Subcommittee on the
Environment.
The jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes: global climate change;
environmental protection, public lands, endangered species, air and water quality;
oceans; public health; conservation; international agreements; energy policy,
research and development; and oversight and legislative jurisdiction over
regulatory affairs and federal paperwork reduction.
The Oversight and Reform Committee is the principal oversight committee in the
House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•designing and preparing congressional hearings;
•working with multiple stakeholders to design legislative solutions to address
complex national policy concerns;
•conducting legal and factual research;
•writing memoranda, statements, questions and speeches;
•ensuring subcommittee priorities are reflected in appropriations and
authorization bills;
•and leading oversight initiatives.
The Chairman is particularly interested in candidates with a commitment to and
an interest in engaging:
*Clean technology jobs of the future, regenerative agriculture, toxic substances,
and other sustainable energy and environment issues;
*Environmental justice and the disproportionate effects of pollution on
vulnerable communities;
*Experience working with environmental federal agencies;
*Congressional procedure, investigations, and legislation; and
*Progressive policy solutions to combat the climate crisis.
The right candidate will serve as a critical part of a close-knit team. This person
will keep Chairman Khanna and the Staff Director fully informed of and staff all
Environment Subcommittee events and activities and be an integral member of
Page 8 of 12

the subcommittee staff.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii)
expertise in the areas described above (iii) the ability to work closely with a team
and remain entrepreneurial. They also must have superior attention to detail,
work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills. Applicants will be working from home in the shortterm. Once the team returns to work in the office, the candidate should be willing
to be in the office full time and be able to attend work duties on some evenings
and weekends.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, veterans and
LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Please submit cover letter, resume and writing sample
to reprokhannaca17@gmail.com with the subject line as “Environment
Subcommittee Professional Staff Member.”
MEM-094-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Director of Labor Oversight to manage oversight and investigations on the
Labor team.
Responsibilities include organizing oversight hearings, writing investigative
reports and executing a complementary legislative and oversight strategy with
positive results. Qualified applicants must have a J.D. and relevant policy
experience with at least 3-5 years of experience conducting investigations.
Experience in labor policy is not a requirement, however preferred. In addition,
the applicant must have exceptional writing skills, strong attention to detail,
ability to juggle multiple projects, and have direct management experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, a writing sample (5-10 pages), a
writing sample describing an investigation the applicant would like to pursue, and
3 professional references. The second writing sample must include a hyperlink to
a current news item from any source (newspapers, blogs, or other websites) and
two paragraphs detailing why the Committee should investigate the issue
presented and the steps the applicant would take to begin an investigation.
Please submit all materials to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Director of Labor
Oversight” in the subject line. The salary range is $95K - $115K, commensurate
with education and experience.
Page 9 of 12

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-093-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
proactive, hard-working individual to serve as Press Assistant.
Candidates must have exceptional writing skills, strong attention to detail, and the
ability to work effectively in a team environment. Responsibilities include but are
not limited to: drafting press releases and remarks, coordinating press activities
with Committee offices, managing the Committee website, compiling and
distributing press clips, tracking press and social media analytics, and supporting
a wide range of other communications work.
The ideal candidate will have 1-2 years of relevant communications experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, brief work samples, and
3 professional references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Press Assistant" in
the subject line.
Salary commensurate with education and experience. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or sexual
orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-090-21

Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez, a Senior Member of the Committee on Ways
and Means, seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle the Congresswoman’s work
on the Social Security Subcommittee, as well as a diverse portfolio including
Defense, Foreign Affairs, Housing, and other legislative issues. The Legislative
Assistant will be responsible for developing legislative initiatives, meeting with
constituents and interested groups on behalf of the Congresswoman, and staffing
the Congresswoman for committee hearings and markups.
Qualified candidates should have at least 3 years of Hill experience and possess a
strong understanding of the issues listed. Applicants must demonstrate an ability
to work well with a team in a small, fast-paced environment, while maintaining a
sense of humor. The Congresswoman strongly values diversity and encourages
candidates of all backgrounds to apply.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to CAdemofficejob@gmail.com.

Page 10 of 12

MEM-086-21

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Legislative Director for its
Washington, DC office. The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate,
friendly, and has noteworthy experience.
Responsibilities include assisting in the development of policy positions and
legislative initiatives and managing and supervising the office's legislative staff.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Due to COVID-19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, but no application will be considered later than April 16, 2021. No
phone calls, faxes, or emails.

MEM-085-21

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Communications Director
for its Washington, DC office. The ideal candidate is highly-organized,
passionate, friendly, and has noteworthy experience.
Responsibilities include managing and coordinating the messaging and
communications activities, including media contacts, for the Member and the
office. Traditional and digital communications are managed by the
Communications Director including press statements, press releases, mass emails,
social media posts, and website updates.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Due to COVID19, work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, but no application will be considered later than April 16, 2021. No
phone calls, faxes, or emails.

MEM-084-21

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Legislative Assistant for its
Washington, DC office. The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate,
friendly, and has noteworthy experience.
Responsibilities include developing and planning legislative initiatives;
monitoring legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor;
tracking legislation, executive action, administrative action, and other
Page 11 of 12

governmental developments; drafting constituent correspondence for the
Member; preparing for committee meetings and hearings; answering constituent
letters; and helping constituents with federal matters.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Due to COVID-19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, but no application will be considered later than April 16, 2021.
No phone calls, faxes, or emails.

Page 12 of 12

