________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 11, 2021

MEM-009-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Professional Staff member responsible for higher education issues such as
accountability, accreditation, minority-serving institutions, and federal student
loans.
Proficiency of programs authorized in the Higher Education Act is required.
Applicants should have two to four years of higher education policy or research
experience or two years of higher education policy or research experience and an
advanced degree.
This position is writing intensive and requires the ideal candidate to have
exceptional writing, communication, and organizational skills. Must demonstrate
the ability to successfully manage multiple projects under deadlines; display a
collaborative disposition; and a commitment to social justice and expanding
economic opportunity.
Responsibilities will include leading a discrete number of higher education issue
areas; researching, reviewing, and drafting legislation; providing technical
assistance to Member offices; preparing written materials including talking
points, letters, memos, and legislative analyses; tracking regulatory
developments, floor activity, and the related activities of other committees;
supporting the execution of committee preceedings and events related to higher
education; and coordinating with the oversight and communications teams in
Page 1 of 11

support of the Committee’s agenda. Salary Range: $65,000 to $80,000.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples (no
longer than 3 pages each) demonstrating a proficiency in higher education
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Higher Education Professional Staff
Position" in the subject line. Please apply no later than January 20, 2021.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-008-21

Midwestern Republican office is looking for a Legislative Assistant.
Responsibilities will include drafting and advancing legislation; preparing talking
points, vote recommendations, and other legislative materials; monitoring and
analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings; and representing the
Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.
Portfolio of issues will include Agriculture, Trade, Labor & Pensions, Energy &
Environment, and others as needed. Successful candidates must be proactive,
possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail, and be interested
in working in a fast-paced office environment. Candidates should have at least
one year of agriculture policy experience.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter with Legislative
Assistant in the subject line to RepJobResume@gmail.com. No phone calls or
drop-ins.

MEM-007-21

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative
body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (DNY) seeks to fill a Staff Assistant position on the Democratic staff.
Duties include: answering telephones; receiving visitors at the front desk;
assisting with the tracking and processing of committee correspondence;
receiving, tracking and processing large document productions; providing
administrative support for committee hearings, markups and meetings; entering
data and navigating databases with accuracy; and proofreading documents and
correspondence for style and typographical errors.
Applicants must have excellent organizational and time management skills; the
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; strong written and oral
communication skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; good judgment
and discretion; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects. One year
of prior Capitol Hill experience is strongly preferred. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 2 of 11

Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.
MEM-003-21

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Freshman Iowa conservative seeks seasoned
Legislative Assistant with 2-3 years minimum Capitol Hill experience. Issue
portfolio dependent on applicant, but broad range available, including: financial
services, transportation and infrastructure, agriculture, energy/environment, small
business, commerce, trade. Position requires strong writing skills, attention to
detail, a foundational understanding of House procedure, and a dedication to the
Constitution. Iowa ties a plus.
LA will be responsible for making vote recommendations, staffing meetings,
writing policy memos, and drafting legislation under the guidance of the
Legislative Director. Please send resume, cover letter, and list of references
to iowa01jobs@gmail.com with “LA – APPLICANT’S LAST NAME” in the
subject line.

MEM-002-21

Economist for Democratic Staff of Congressional Committee – House Budget
Committee seeks an economist for public finance/macroeconomics portfolio. The
job requires strong skills in written and oral communication, policy analysis, and
quantitative analysis, as well as the ability to work effectively under tight
deadline.
Responsibilities include persuasive writing; monitoring and explaining economic
data; conceiving and executing Congressional hearings on big-picture fiscal and
economic issues; and working collaboratively with other analytical staff as needs
arise. The ideal candidate will have several years of relevant experience in
Congress, a federal agency (such as OMB, CBO, CEA, or Treasury), or a think
tank; familiarity with the legislative process; and an advanced degree in
economics or a related field.
Interested candidates can email a resume, cover letter, and a brief (3-4 pp.)
writing sample with subject line “economist position” to BudgetDemocrat.Jobs@mail.house.gov – no phone calls.

MEM-001-21

The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis in the U.S. House of
Representatives conducts investigations to ensure the nation’s response to the
coronavirus crisis is efficient, effective, and equitable.
Chairman James E. Clyburn seeks to fill a Counsel or Professional Staff
position on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney or policy
professional with several years of investigative or litigation experience.
Responsibilities include leading investigations, conducting depositions and
transcribed interviews, preparing for hearings, and drafting reports.
Page 3 of 11

Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Please send a resume and cover letter
to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel / Professional Staff” in the subject
line.
MEM-337-20

Constituent Services Representative, Stafford — The Office of Congressman
Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking a Constituent Services Representative to serve
as a liaison with federal, state, and/or local agencies and constituent groups,
answer casework correspondence, communicate and meet with constituents, and
execute district outreach on behalf of the Member.
This position is located in our Stafford District Office but requires travel
throughout the Stafford Region for events and meetings. The ideal candidate
needs to be self-motivated, work cooperatively and courteously with others, and
possess a drive to get things done. Interested applicants should email a cover
letter and resume to Joe.Schumacher@mail.house.gov with “Stafford Constituent
Services Representative” in the subject line.
Job Description:
CONSTITUENT SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE
OFFICE of CONGRESSMAN ROB WITTMAN
SUMMARY:
This position serves as a constituent services representative for the Member
within the Stafford region to constituent groups and associations and acts on
behalf of Rep. Wittman’s constituents. Acts as a liaison with federal, state, and/or
local agencies for the Member and constituent groups, answers casework
correspondence, communicates and meets with constituents, executes district
outreach plan.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Meets with elected officials and representatives, local groups, and constituents
on behalf of the Member;
*Travels throughout the assigned localities to keep abreast of local concerns
holding regular open office hours in selected localities and sends out press
releases announcing the scheduled visits;
*Proactively seeks opportunities to develop community outreach relationships on
behalf of the Member;
*Works closely with the communications department to implement planned
outreach events and to suggest new ideas for such events;
*Staffs the Member at events in the Stafford Region;
*Represents or speaks on behalf of the Member at events the Member is unable to
attend;
Page 4 of 11

*Refers scheduling items to scheduler in Washington through office scheduling
process; suggests scheduling opportunities and advises on scheduling items in
geographic areas of responsibility;
*Stays abreast of local news and issues and communicates those issues to the
Congressman, Chief of Staff, and key staff in Washington;
*Monitors and updates the Member, Chief of Staff, and District Director on
district and local issues;
*Works with communications shop to identify and build contact lists of key
constituents and organizations in district;
*Responds to casework inquiries from constituents; Monitors casework for
problems requiring legislative action or communications messaging trends;
*Supervises interns with regard to legislative issues and constituent responses;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and
constituents;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A bachelor’s degree or higher education level is preferred, including strong
academic credentials. Some period of related experience or training in legislation
or equivalent is beneficial.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications; and
*Proficiency in word processing.
MEM-335-20

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives.
Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks to fill an Environment Counsel or
Professional Staff Member position on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate
will be an attorney or policy professional with several years of investigative or
litigation experience working on environmental issues, or with environmental
regulatory agencies.

Page 5 of 11

Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are
strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail,
work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Environment” in the subject line.
MEM-334-20

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives.
Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks to fill a Counsel position on the
Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of
investigative or litigation experience.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-333-20

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing
financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume of financial
disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress and their staff
through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral
communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the
sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of
the following areas is desirable: government ethics, ethics counseling,
accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation, corporate finance, and
securities law. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.

Page 6 of 11

MEM-331-20

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for an investigative counsel position.
The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members
and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position
which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from
political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas
is desirable: government ethics; campaign finance; criminal law; employment
law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil
litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and
financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel”
in the subject line.

MEM-330-20

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff, seeks a Legislative
Assistant/Junior Professional Staff Member for the Health Subcommittee to
work with the subcommittee staff on issues throughout the subcommittee’s health
finance and public health jurisdiction. This is not an entry level position.
Responsibilities including drafting memos and preparing background materials
for Members and staff, assisting other Health Subcommittee staff in preparation
for hearings and markups, drafting letters, and conducting background research in
order to support staff in the drafting of legislation and oversight efforts.
Qualified candidates must have at least 3 years of health policy-related
experience and be knowledgeable in health finance issues related to Medicare,
Medicaid, and the Affordable Care Act, as well as public health issues related to
the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC), and other public health agencies.
Qualified candidates should also have a strong understanding of the Committee
process and procedures of the House of Representatives and an ability to perform
under short timelines and in a high-pressure environment while juggling
competing priorities. Excellent writing and analytical skills are required.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Please submit a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and at least two

Page 7 of 11

professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line
Legislative Assistant / Junior PSM Candidate.
MEM-327-20

DC Scheduler - California Democrat seeks a highly-organized and detailoriented Scheduler for Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include managing and maintaining the Congressman’s DC
schedule, coordinating travel, handling front office duties, and assisting with
office administration.
Qualified candidates should be hard working, possess excellent oral and written
communications skills, the ability to multi-task and meet deadlines, and have a
positive attitude. Previous scheduling experience preferred. California ties a plus.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should send cover letter, resume, and references
to: CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.

MEM-312-20

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Staff Assistant for its
Washington, DC office.
The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate, friendly, and has noteworthy
experience. Responsibilities include greeting and screening visitors; responding
to constituent requests for information; maintaining handout literature regarding
the district and the House; hosting Capitol tours; and performing general
administrative duties, including answering the telephone and answering
constituent requests for general information, tours, and other inquiries.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, men, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. Maryland ties are a plus. Due to COVID-19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov on a rolling basis but no later than
January 12, 2021. No phone calls, faxes, or emails.

MEM-311-20

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Legislative Correspondent
for its Washington, DC office.
The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate, friendly, and has noteworthy
experience. Responsibilities include providing research for and responding to

Page 8 of 11

letters from constituents and other interested parties. The position requires an
incredible attention to detail.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Women, men, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. Maryland ties are a plus. Due to COVID-19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov on a rolling basis but no later than
January 12, 2021. No phone calls, faxes, or emails.
MEM-310-20

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Legislative Assistant for its
Washington, DC office.
The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate, friendly, and has noteworthy
experience. Responsibilities include tracking legislation, executive action,
administrative action, and other governmental developments; drafting constituent
correspondence for the Member; preparing for committee meetings and hearings;
answering constituent letters; and helping constituents with federal matters.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, men, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. Maryland ties are a plus. Due to COVID-19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov on a rolling basis but no later than
January 12, 2021. No phone calls, faxes, or emails.

MEM-206-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire a Research and
Data Analyst.
In this capacity the Analyst will be responsible for leading data and research
collection and analysis for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion. This individual
will lead the development of the required diversity report, maintain key metrics
and key performance indicators for the Office, and serve as a resource for
external and internal diversity best practices.

Page 9 of 11

This individual will also serve as the project manager for any consultants and/or
contractors with whom the Office may engage to support the completion of the
diversity report and to develop relevant diversity and inclusion-based training, in
collaboration with the Congressional Staff Academy.
Key Responsibilities
• This staffer will assist in the translation of research findings into materials that
staff can effectively utilize in their engagements with Members and Member
offices.
• Provide research support on diversity and inclusion studies, techniques and
tools.
• Serve as project manager for the diversity report and, where necessary, direct
and coordinate activities of external consultants.
• Research and study best practices for retention and growth in House employing
offices.
• Lead data tracking and reporting with a focus on performance and results.
• Prepare regular updates and briefing documents on research that is relevant to
House employing offices.
• Assist with the development and delivery of training sessions and, as needed,
conduct presentations at professional conferences and meetings.
Master’s degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field; or equivalent
level of experience providing technical assistance, data collections and/or
research.
• Must have knowledge and experience in diversity, equity, and inclusion
research efforts, ideally with a strong background in curriculum development.
Current working knowledge of coalition functioning, evaluation and research.
• Quantitative and qualitative evaluation and research skills.
• Expertise using relevant software.
• Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a diverse
team.
• Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on
assignment.
• Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
• Extensive computer skills, including data input.
Interested candidates should apply by following the instructions here:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/86?c=house
Candidates will be asked to upload a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Page 10 of 11

No phone calls or drop-ins please.

Page 11 of 11

