House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 10, 2014
MEM-368-14

The House Committee on Science, Space and Technology Majority is seeking
an experienced and proactive Professional Staff Member for its Research and
Technology Subcommittee. Applicants should have relevant experience on
Capitol Hill (preferably managing a Committee portfolio for a Member), in
federal or state government, or the science and technology field. Qualified
candidates should possess in-depth knowledge of federally-supported
academic research and federal programs to support commercialization of new
technology issues. The ideal candidate will have a graduate degree and
experience in science and tech policy. Interested applicants should send a
cover letter and resume to: HouseScienceOpenings@gmail.com. No telephone
calls, faxes, or drop-ins.

MEM-366-14

Congressman Raúl Labrador (ID-01) is looking for a Legislative Director to
lead a legislative team in implementing and advancing the Congressman’s
policy and strategic agenda. The successful applicant will have several years of
legislative experience and will be responsible for monitoring floor activity,
managing the legislative staff and maintaining strong relationships in the state.
The ideal candidate will have outstanding writing and communication skills
Page 1 of 4

and work well under pressure. Western states or Idaho ties are preferred but
not required. Policy expertise in defense, healthcare and/or personal
liberty/social issues are a plus. Email résumé, cover letter and two writing
samples to ID01.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-357-14

The House Education and the Workforce Committee, Majority Staff, seeks a
Professional Staff Member responsible for some K-12 education and human
services issues. The ideal candidate will have relevant experience on Capitol
Hill, in federal or state government, or the education field. This candidate will
exhibit a record of generating and advancing legislative initiatives; a strong
attention to detail; and strong writing, communication, interpersonal, and
organizational skills. Candidates must be creative, capable of working under
tight deadlines, and be able to work as part of a team. Interested applicants
should send a cover letter, resume, and short writing samples to:
edandworkresumes@mail.house.gov. No telephone calls please.

MEM-348-14

Ohio Democratic Member seeks a hardworking Social Media Press Assistant
to join a busy, proactive team. Applicant must be able to multitask, and thrive
while working long hours. Responsibilities include: developing, writing, and
editing content for online platforms including Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn,
YouTube and Instagram; website development & maintenance; and, other
duties as assigned. Applicants must have experience directly managing social
media accounts, and a proven record of maintaining a web presence by
building, maintaining and engaging active web-based/social media audiences
to meet outreach and impact goals.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Please send cover letter, resume, and
two original writing samples to District11Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“SOCIAL MEDIA PRESS ASSISTANT” in the subject line. No walk-ins or
phone calls.

MEM-347-14

Ohio Democratic Member seeks a hardworking Press Secretary to join a busy
and proactive team. Applicant must have previous speech writing experience;
thrive at multitasking and working long hours; and, have sound political
judgment.
Responsibilities include, but may not be limited to, speech writing, drafting
news releases, talking points, and op-eds; responding to press inquiries in a
timely and appropriate manner; early daily news clips; monitoring the news/
social media platforms throughout the day; and supervising the development of
website and social media content. Duties also include: booking interviews and
pitching stories; developing relationships with reporters; organizing events;
and developing and implementing media, communications, and public
relations strategies. The successful applicant must be a team player, and will
work closely with the Chief of Staff, Communications Director, and D.C./
District team.
Page 2 of 4

This is not an entry-level position. Professional communications and on-therecord experience is required. Hill experience and familiarity with Ohio,
especially Northeastern Ohio, is strongly preferred. Candidates should have
knowledge of the legislative process, as well as the ability to identify local and
national press opportunities. Salary is commensurate with experience. Please
send cover letter, resume, and three original writing samples to
District11Resumes@mail.house.gov with “PRESS SECRETARY” in the
subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-346-14

New Jersey Democrat is seeking a highly motivated and organized staff
assistant with excellent oral and written communication skills for the
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include managing front desk
operations, answering telephones, greeting visitors, coordinating tours for
visiting guests, processing flag requests, reviewing, sorting, and responding to
incoming constituent correspondence, addressing constituent matters, and
assisting the Member and legislative staff as needed. Additional duties include
management of the website and social media activities, including official
Facebook and Twitter accounts.
Please e-mail cover letter, resume and two brief writing samples to
nj08jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or drop-ins.

MEM-345-14

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Senior Legislative Assistant. House
experience and Spanish a plus.
Send cover letter, resume and three work references to:
Intern7DC.TX35@mail.house.gov
No walk-ins please.

MEM-340-14

Virginia Democrat seeks an energetic, self-motivated, and organized Staff
Assistant. Applicants should demonstrate strong interpersonal skills, be
comfortable with managing multiple tasks, and have experience working on
deadline in a high pressure setting.
Duties include, but are not limited to: staffing the front office and greeting
visitors, answering phones, coordinating and executing flag and tour requests,
managing office intern program, assisting with mail processing -- reviewing,
sorting and responding to constituent mail, tracking legislative issues, assisting
with research, coordinating IT services, and helping with other projects as
needed.
Applicants should have experience interacting with the public, as well as
possess strong writing, communication, and organizational skills. Positive,
team-oriented attitude required. Previous Capitol Hill or internship experience
Page 3 of 4

preferred. Ties to Virginia and bilingual in Spanish a plus.
Please submit resume and cover letter to vacongressionalresumes@gmail.com.

Page 4 of 4

