House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 29, 2018

MEM-388-18

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active
and visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework
distribution; answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings,
condolences and congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities
may also include casework assignments if the District Director finds that the
staff assistant can take on such work while paying the required attention to
his/her already assigned tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern
coordinator by recruiting, training, scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to
move immediately to D.C., if hired.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov .
Page 1 of 6

MEM-379-18

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a Senior Legislative Aide with a
minimum of three years of Hill experience. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Advanced degree a
plus. Spanish ability a plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use title on your email: Senior
LA Position. No drop-ins please. Texas ties are a plus though not necessary.

MEM-375-18

“Southern Republican Congressman is seeking a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent to join a fast-paced, hardworking team. The ideal candidate
will be detail oriented, well organized and must have exceptional
interpersonal skills and excellent oral and written communication skills.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to answering constituent phone
calls, greeting visitors, leading Capitol tours and assisting the staff by
performing various tasks. This position requires an ability to multi-task,
prioritize duties, and perform under pressure – all with a keen attention to
detail. A car and Tennessee ties are required. Please send resumes to
tngopapplications@gmail.com. Phone calls and drop-ins not accepted.”

MEM-371-18

The office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson seeks a Legislative
Director in her Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include
developing and implementing the Member’s legislative priorities, advising
her on various issues, and managing the legislative agenda. A well matched
candidate will have substantive legislative experience, strong academic
credentials and proven leadership and organizational skills. Moreover, the
candidate should possess excellent oral and written communication skills,
strong editing and proofreading skills, the ability to work well under pressure,
an extensive knowledge of the legislative process, and the availability to work
long hours.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill
experience and proven knowledge of legislative and political processes will
be considered. Law degree, previous capitol hill experience in a leadership
position and Florida ties are strongly preferred. To apply, please submit
cover letter and resume in one single pdf to
FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Director” in the
subject line by October 31, 2018.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

Page 2 of 6

MEM-361-18

The District Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark is currently
accepting applicants for the position of Military & Veterans Constituent
Service Representative (CSR). The CSR monitors and updates the Member
and District Director on district and local issues as well as serves as a liaison
to federal, district, and local agencies for the member and constituents.
This position is responsible for a wide range of outreach, relationship
management, event coordination, and correspondence. We’re looking for
someone who has great judgment, keen political skills, is quick on their feet
and ready to seize opportunities (or create them). The ideal candidate is fast
but highly detail oriented and is a strong written and oral communicator.
Essential Job Functions Required:
•Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a
liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
•Informs the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in
his or her assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and
interacting with constituents;
•Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or
groups to form effective relationships for the Member;
•Manages at least 1 casework assignment area & assesses casework for
problems requiring legislative action and makes recommendations to the
District Director and/or Chief of Staff;
•Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
•Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and
district activities in his or her assigned geographic & issue areas;
•Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to
ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
This is a full-time position.
Education, Skills, & Knowledge Required:
•3-5 years relevant experience required; experience with the military &
veteran’s issues preferred.
•Exceptional written & oral communication, organizational and project
management skills with an overall execution orientation; track record of
effectively managing complex, multi-stakeholder projects;
Page 3 of 6

•Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the
Congresswoman is involved;
•Strong political instincts, and a proactive entrepreneurial mindset;
•Grace under pressure; ability to delegate, communicate, and act decisively as
well as adapt well to changing priorities;
•Availability & ability to work long, irregular hours including evenings and
weekends;
•A professional style that includes flexibility, evenness, and sense of humor.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing
samples to: Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov.
All materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-360-18

Oversight and Investigations Committee Staff Position
House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight &
Investigations is seeking a professional staffer or counsel to work on
oversight issues related to the Committee’s broad jurisdiction for the
Committee’s Democratic staff. Areas of expertise under the Committee’s
jurisdiction preferred, including environment, energy, public health and cyber
security. Background in investigations and oversight a plus. Responsibilities
include staffing Congressional hearings, overseeing federal agencies,
conducting research and investigations, writing and editing, and conducting
document review and analysis. Successful candidate will be detail-oriented
and possess strong communication and writing skills. Five years of
professional experience and J.D. preferred but not required, as experience
within the areas of the Committee’s public issue area jurisdiction may be
equally relevant. Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at least
two professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-354-18

Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) seeks a Los Angeles-based Digital
Content Manager to join fast-paced, innovative communications team. This
individual will report to the Communications Director and responsibilities
include: developing long-term and short-term digital plans and strategies;
creating, drafting and posting content on all platforms; creating graphics,
video and other sharable content; managing and growing the Congressman’s
Page 4 of 6

e-newsletter program and overseeing the website. Ideal candidate is a
politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative self-starter, who is familiar with
social media trends and able to use data to evaluate and improve the digital
program. This is not an entry-level position. Previous digital communications
experience, on Capitol Hill, a campaign, or at a communications firm, is
required. To apply, please email cover letter, resume and digital sample to
Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-352-18

Virginia Democratic Congressman seeks fulltime Outreach Representative
in Richmond, VA office. The Outreach Representative will be responsible for
cultivating strategic relationships with community leaders and constituent
groups, as well as developing and executing an outreach plan for the district.
Duties also include coordinating events and initiatives that will promote
services that the office provides, organizing events that relate to the
Congressman’s legislative and district priorities, and monitoring and updating
office leadership on local district issues. The Outreach Representative may
also be assigned additional short-term or special projects and will be
responsible for recruiting and managing office interns. Additional
responsibilities include staffing the Congressman at various events and
meetings in the district and working on nights and weekends as needed.
Access to a vehicle is required. Excellent verbal and written communication
skills, organization, and a spirit of teamwork and service also required.
Priority given to candidates with Virginia ties and related experience.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and three references
to vaoutreachrep@gmail.com as soon as possible.

MEM-330-18

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Government
Reform—Counsel (District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Ranking Member
Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic
staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of
investigative or litigation experience. Responsibilities include depositions,
transcribed interviews, briefings, and congressional hearings. Candidates
with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Please send a resume and cover letter to
oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject line.
Page 5 of 6

Page 6 of 6

