________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 19, 2021

MEM-017-21

Staff Assistant/Office Manager: Representative Chrissy Houlahan (PA-06)
seeks a Staff Assistant/Office Manager for her Washington, DC team. This
individual is responsible for managing front line constituent communications
(tours, flags, incoming calls and visitors), managing the intern program
(recruiting, onboarding, ensuring they have a good experience), managing office
operations (serve as liaison to HIR/Telecom/AOC, serve as finance
admin/LEC/Parking Coordinator, make office purchases and maintain inventory),
and other administrative or operational duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate has superb organizational and problem-solving skills,
impeccable attention to detail, strong time and project management skills, a good
sense of humor, a heart for public service, and a desire to be part of a highlycollaborative, high-achieving team. Capitol Hill experience, Pennsylvania ties, a
car, solid recommendations for movies/shows/books, and Spanish-language
proficiency a plus.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter and a one-page writing
sample to PA06HoulahanJobs@gmail.com with the subject “Staff
Assistant/Office Manager: LAST NAME” by Sunday, January 24, 2021. The
office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

Page 1 of 10

Women, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate
effectively in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes. Requests for accommodation
should be directed to PA06HoulahanJobs@gmail.com
MEM-016-21

Scheduler: Representative Chrissy Houlahan (PA-06) seeks a Scheduler for her
Washington, DC team. This individual is responsible for tracking, evaluating, and
responding to all invitations and scheduling requests; making travel arrangements
for the Member; managing all aspects of the Member’s daily and long-term DC
and national schedule; managing the Member’s time in a productive and timely
manner; and coordinating with the District Scheduler to ensure a smooth
operation.
The ideal candidate has superb organizational and problem-solving skills,
impeccable attention to detail, the ability to stay calm and in command despite a
sometimes overwhelming number of competing demands on the member’s time,
the ability to respond quickly to last-minute changes to the schedule, a good sense
of humor, a heart for public service, and a desire to be part of a highlycollaborative, high-achieving team. Capitol Hill experience, Pennsylvania ties,
solid recommendations for movies/shows/books, and Spanish-language
proficiency a plus.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter and a one-page writing
sample to PA06HoulahanJobs@gmail.com with the subject “Scheduler: LAST
NAME” by Sunday, January 24, 2021. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Women, people of color,
and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate
effectively in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes. Requests for accommodation
should be directed to PA06HoulahanJobs@gmail.com

MEM-012-21

The Democratic Women’s Caucus (DWC) seeks an energetic and highly talented
individual to serve as DWC’s first Executive Director.
With the incoming Biden-Harris Administration and a historic number of
Democratic women in Congress, we have both great opportunity and great
responsibility to elevate our voices and advance our priorities – from
reproductive health and child care to pay equity and paid family and medical
leave.
Page 2 of 10

To more effectively advance our policy goals in the 117th Congress, we are
seeking an Executive Director to serve as a liaison to all members, help deliver a
unified message, and advance our agenda for women and families.
The Executive Director will oversee all DWC activities, including:
•Coordinating efforts of DWC leadership and all Caucus members to ensure a
unified effort;
•Supervising a yet-to-be-hired Communications Director and any interns, fellows,
or other staff that might be retained by the Caucus;
•Developing and managing legislative priorities, memos, newsletters, press
releases, and any other materials for Caucus members, the press, and the public;
•Pursuing an engagement strategy with the new Administration to ensure DWC is
effectively advocating for priority agenda items with the Executive branch;
•Developing and maintaining relationships with external partners on behalf of the
Caucus;
•Organizing and facilitating DWC briefings, dinners, hearings, and any other
events that can advance caucus priorities and reach; and
•Overseeing the development and maintenance of a Caucus website, social media
presence, and other mechanisms to engage and work with a diverse group of
DWC stakeholders.
The ideal candidate must have a strong policy background and substantial
coalition building experience with multiple stakeholder groups across Capitol
Hill and the advocacy community. Additionally, candidates must demonstrate an
ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in an unpredictable work
environment. Strong organizational and time management skills, and excellent
written and verbal communication skills.
This is not an entry-level position. Competitive salary and benefits,
commensurate with experience.
Please submit a resume and cover letter to DWCJobs@mail.house.gov. This
Caucus is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage all qualified candidates to apply.
MEM-011-21

Congressman Dwight Evans (PA-03) – is seeking an individual with substantial
legislative, policy and staff management experience to join his team as
Legislative Director.
Responsibilities include managing and implementing the member's legislative
priorities and his work on the Ways and Means and Small Business Committees.
The Legislative Director will supervise a talented legislative staff, proactively
Page 3 of 10

promote the office legislative and policy agenda, manage a personal legislative
issue portfolio and perform other duties as assigned.
Candidates must possess very strong communication, writing and analytical skills
as well as a demonstrated ability to manage and mentor staff. The candidate must
also demonstrate experience in strategic planning and have experience
formulating plans for advancing legislation. The ideal candidate will be highly
motivated, detail oriented, creative, resourceful and passionate about public
service. The candidate must have prior Hill experience beyond internships.
The candidate should also demonstrate excellent writing, verbal and
organizational skills. Ties to Philadelphia are a plus as well as familiarity with
health care, housing and small business federal policy.
Qualified applicants should email a resume, cover letter and two writing samples
to PA03.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director” in the subject
line.
MEM-010-21

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff (majority)
seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized staff assistant for fastpaced committee office.
Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front office such as receptionist
duties, answering phones, greeting visitors, ensuring that office and meeting
rooms are kept in order, supporting staff in preparations for committee events
such as hearings, markups, meetings, and events, delivering documents and
obtaining signatures on letters, training and supervising interns, handling and
sorting incoming mail, maintaining both digital and paper records and files,
maintaining office supplies and mastering basic equipment operations, assisting
other staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and other
duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, attention to detail, professionalism, exceptional time management skills,
and an ability to work collaboratively. All applicants will be considered without
regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), gender identity, disability, or age. Hill experience preferred but not
required.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-009-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Professional Staff member responsible for higher education issues such as
accountability, accreditation, minority-serving institutions, and federal student
loans.

Page 4 of 10

Proficiency of programs authorized in the Higher Education Act is required.
Applicants should have two to four years of higher education policy or research
experience or two years of higher education policy or research experience and an
advanced degree.
This position is writing intensive and requires the ideal candidate to have
exceptional writing, communication, and organizational skills. Must demonstrate
the ability to successfully manage multiple projects under deadlines; display a
collaborative disposition; and a commitment to social justice and expanding
economic opportunity.
Responsibilities will include leading a discrete number of higher education issue
areas; researching, reviewing, and drafting legislation; providing technical
assistance to Member offices; preparing written materials including talking
points, letters, memos, and legislative analyses; tracking regulatory
developments, floor activity, and the related activities of other committees;
supporting the execution of committee preceedings and events related to higher
education; and coordinating with the oversight and communications teams in
support of the Committee’s agenda. Salary Range: $65,000 to $80,000.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples (no
longer than 3 pages each) demonstrating a proficiency in higher education
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Higher Education Professional Staff
Position" in the subject line. Please apply no later than January 20, 2021.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-008-21

Midwestern Republican office is looking for a Legislative Assistant.
Responsibilities will include drafting and advancing legislation; preparing talking
points, vote recommendations, and other legislative materials; monitoring and
analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings; and representing the
Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.
Portfolio of issues will include Agriculture, Trade, Labor & Pensions, Energy &
Environment, and others as needed. Successful candidates must be proactive,
possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail, and be interested
in working in a fast-paced office environment. Candidates should have at least
one year of agriculture policy experience.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter with Legislative
Assistant in the subject line to RepJobResume@gmail.com. No phone calls or
drop-ins.

Page 5 of 10

MEM-003-21

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Freshman Iowa conservative seeks seasoned
Legislative Assistant with 2-3 years minimum Capitol Hill experience. Issue
portfolio dependent on applicant, but broad range available, including: financial
services, transportation and infrastructure, agriculture, energy/environment, small
business, commerce, trade. Position requires strong writing skills, attention to
detail, a foundational understanding of House procedure, and a dedication to the
Constitution. Iowa ties a plus.
LA will be responsible for making vote recommendations, staffing meetings,
writing policy memos, and drafting legislation under the guidance of the
Legislative Director. Please send resume, cover letter, and list of references
to iowa01jobs@gmail.com with “LA – APPLICANT’S LAST NAME” in the
subject line.

MEM-001-21

The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis in the U.S. House of
Representatives conducts investigations to ensure the nation’s response to the
coronavirus crisis is efficient, effective, and equitable.
Chairman James E. Clyburn seeks to fill a Counsel or Professional Staff
position on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney or policy
professional with several years of investigative or litigation experience.
Responsibilities include leading investigations, conducting depositions and
transcribed interviews, preparing for hearings, and drafting reports.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Please send a resume and cover letter
to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel / Professional Staff” in the subject
line.

MEM-337-20

Constituent Services Representative, Stafford — The Office of Congressman
Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking a Constituent Services Representative to serve
as a liaison with federal, state, and/or local agencies and constituent groups,
answer casework correspondence, communicate and meet with constituents, and
execute district outreach on behalf of the Member.
This position is located in our Stafford District Office but requires travel
throughout the Stafford Region for events and meetings. The ideal candidate
needs to be self-motivated, work cooperatively and courteously with others, and
possess a drive to get things done. Interested applicants should email a cover
letter and resume to Joe.Schumacher@mail.house.gov with “Stafford Constituent
Services Representative” in the subject line.

Page 6 of 10

Job Description:
CONSTITUENT SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE
OFFICE of CONGRESSMAN ROB WITTMAN
SUMMARY:
This position serves as a constituent services representative for the Member
within the Stafford region to constituent groups and associations and acts on
behalf of Rep. Wittman’s constituents. Acts as a liaison with federal, state, and/or
local agencies for the Member and constituent groups, answers casework
correspondence, communicates and meets with constituents, executes district
outreach plan.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Meets with elected officials and representatives, local groups, and constituents
on behalf of the Member;
*Travels throughout the assigned localities to keep abreast of local concerns
holding regular open office hours in selected localities and sends out press
releases announcing the scheduled visits;
*Proactively seeks opportunities to develop community outreach relationships on
behalf of the Member;
*Works closely with the communications department to implement planned
outreach events and to suggest new ideas for such events;
*Staffs the Member at events in the Stafford Region;
*Represents or speaks on behalf of the Member at events the Member is unable to
attend;
*Refers scheduling items to scheduler in Washington through office scheduling
process; suggests scheduling opportunities and advises on scheduling items in
geographic areas of responsibility;
*Stays abreast of local news and issues and communicates those issues to the
Congressman, Chief of Staff, and key staff in Washington;
*Monitors and updates the Member, Chief of Staff, and District Director on
district and local issues;
*Works with communications shop to identify and build contact lists of key
constituents and organizations in district;
*Responds to casework inquiries from constituents; Monitors casework for
problems requiring legislative action or communications messaging trends;
*Supervises interns with regard to legislative issues and constituent responses;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and
constituents;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.

Page 7 of 10

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A bachelor’s degree or higher education level is preferred, including strong
academic credentials. Some period of related experience or training in legislation
or equivalent is beneficial.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications; and
*Proficiency in word processing.
MEM-335-20

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives.
Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks to fill an Environment Counsel or
Professional Staff Member position on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate
will be an attorney or policy professional with several years of investigative or
litigation experience working on environmental issues, or with environmental
regulatory agencies.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are
strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail,
work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Environment” in the subject line.

MEM-334-20

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives.
Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks to fill a Counsel position on the
Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of
investigative or litigation experience.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are
strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 8 of 10

Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line.
MEM-333-20

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing
financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume of financial
disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress and their staff
through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral
communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the
sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of
the following areas is desirable: government ethics, ethics counseling,
accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation, corporate finance, and
securities law. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-331-20

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for an investigative counsel position.
The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members
and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position
which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from
political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas
is desirable: government ethics; campaign finance; criminal law; employment
law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil
litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and
financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel”
in the subject line.
Page 9 of 10

MEM-330-20

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff, seeks a Legislative
Assistant/Junior Professional Staff Member for the Health Subcommittee to
work with the subcommittee staff on issues throughout the subcommittee’s health
finance and public health jurisdiction. This is not an entry level position.
Responsibilities including drafting memos and preparing background materials
for Members and staff, assisting other Health Subcommittee staff in preparation
for hearings and markups, drafting letters, and conducting background research in
order to support staff in the drafting of legislation and oversight efforts.
Qualified candidates must have at least 3 years of health policy-related
experience and be knowledgeable in health finance issues related to Medicare,
Medicaid, and the Affordable Care Act, as well as public health issues related to
the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC), and other public health agencies.
Qualified candidates should also have a strong understanding of the Committee
process and procedures of the House of Representatives and an ability to perform
under short timelines and in a high-pressure environment while juggling
competing priorities. Excellent writing and analytical skills are required.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Please submit a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and at least two
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line
Legislative Assistant / Junior PSM Candidate.

Page 10 of 10

