House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 26, 2018

MEM-108-18

Congressman John Delaney is seeking a high energy, highly-organized, and
detail oriented Staff Assistant for his Hagerstown District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Provide staff coverage for the District Office, answer constituent phone calls
and visits and oversee the handling of constituent correspondence.
• Review and assign incoming casework.
• Act as a liaison between constituents and other government agencies.
• Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
• Train and supervise interns to handle routine office matters, such as
incoming correspondence, visitors, telephone calls, and other issues that may
arise.
• Maintain office supplies and equipment. Oversee the maintenance of the
office organizational system.
• Handle other tasks as assigned.

Page 1 of 6

QUALIFICATIONS:
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
• Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment.
• Availability to work nights and weekends, if needed.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process.
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. To
apply, please email a resume and cover letter to MD06.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-104-18

Veterans Services Representative for Congressman Tom O’Halleran
Reports to: District Director
Location: Casa Grande District Office
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• coordinate and complete veterans casework and answer all related
correspondence;
• plan and engage in outreach with veterans in the First District; and
• monitor and update Rep. O’Halleran and staff on local veterans issues.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• thorough knowledge of veterans issues and programs;
• knowledge and familiarity with local, state, and federal agencies
serving veterans;
• strong oral and written communication skills;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in casework
responsibilities;
• proficiency in word processing;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• ability to work well under pressure;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with our team; and
• military service background preferred.
DUTIES:
• acts as the grassroots representative for Rep. O’Halleran with veterans
and on veterans issues, including handling all veterans casework,

Page 2 of 6

•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•
•

verbal communications with constituents, and acting as liaison with
federal, district, and local agencies;
informs Rep. O’Halleran and staff of all happenings on veterans issues
by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents;
handles all veterans casework assignments, and other casework as
needed;
acts as liaison and interfaces with local veterans’ organizations;
assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the Chief of Staff or Legislative Director;
monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with
constituents;
occasionally handles Office matters such as logging incoming and
outgoing correspondence, greeting visitors, telephone calls, and
computer operations;
logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls
relating to assigned casework;
prepares monthly reports on pending cases and district activities;
continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to
ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
maintains up-to-date files on all constituent cases; and
performs other duties as assigned.

Military veterans encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should email a
cover letter and resume to jeremy.nordquist@mail.house.gov and
blanca.varela@mail.house.gov.
MEM-103-18

Northeast Democrat seeks Press Secretary to run Washington press
operations, including working closely with Member’s legislative staff,
leadership and committee press staff, and national TV news
producers. Position also includes management of the Member’s website,
social media pages, newsletters, e-news updates, and other constituent
outreach. Will work closely with District Communications Director on some
joint projects. Excellent legislative research and writing skills required. Send
cover letter and resume to democratic.hilljob@gmail.com. Minority and
women candidates encouraged to apply. No phone calls will be accepted.
SALARY LEVEL/RANGE: Commensurate with experience
CLOSING DATE: 4/27/18
START DATE: Immediate

MEM-100-18

Legislative Assistant – T&I Subcommittee Ranking Member is seeking a
highly energetic, motivated and organized lawyer with strong interpersonal
and writing skills. The ideal candidate will be able to manage multiple tasks
and work well under pressure. The Legislative Assistant works with the Chief
Page 3 of 6

Counsel/Legislative Director and with the Chief of Staff to develop and
implement the Member’s legislative strategy in his/her issue areas; prepares
materials for hearings; drafts legislation, amendments, and congressional
record statements; and conducts research. Responsibilities include managing
and handling the Member’s transportation and infrastructure portfolio that
includes but is not limited to highways and transit, economic development,
aviation, railroads, water resources and emergency management. The ability
to write well under tight deadlines is essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented problem
solver and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior Hill,
law firm or similar experience is preferred. Candidate must possess a law
degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of
Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov..
MEM-095-18

Rep. Scott Peters of San Diego is seeking an experienced, assertive and
creative press secretary to join our DC office. The Press Secretary will be
part of an aggressive communications team and responsible for assisting with
media strategy development and implementation, including: drafting
statements, releases, talking points, opinion editorials and responses to
reporter queries; generating ideas for press conferences; pitching story ideas;
managing coverage of legislative action and events; and serving as an on-therecord spokesperson as necessary. Applicants must be able to generate ideas
that produce local and national media coverage that raise awareness of the
Congressman’s priorities, must have a minimum of two years of experience as
communications staff in a political office, and must be a strong writer and
needs to either have a strong network of national media reporters or be able to
build one. Applicants will be required to perform a long-form writing test.
Candidates with political campaign experience and San Diego ties strongly
preferred. This is not an entry level position.
Interested applicants must send a resume, three writing samples (one news
release, one op ed, and one speech/talking points), along with three
professional references to SDRepCommsJob@gmail.com.

MEM-082-18

Conservative Western Republican is seeking a Legislative Correspondent in
his DC office to manage all aspects of constituent correspondence. Ideal
candidates will have knowledge of the legislative process, excellent writing
and organizational skills, strong attention to detail, and familiarity with
iConstituent. Duties include, but are not limited to, processing incoming
correspondence through iConstituent, drafting timely responses, assisting with
updating website, creating graphics/images and assisting with projects and
Page 4 of 6

events. Western ties are preferred but not required. Email résumé, cover
letter and two writing samples to WesternRepublicanJob@yahoo.com.
MEM-078-18

The press office of Rep. Louise Slaughter (NY-25) and the House Rules
Committee is seeking a social media manager & press assistant to join an
aggressive communications team. Responsibilities include managing the
congresswoman’s digital media channels, including website and social media
accounts, developing engaging online content, writing e-newsletters, and
taking photos and video. The social media manager & press assistant will also
compile press clips, copy-edit press releases and talking points, and other
projects as necessary. Must be comfortable working collaboratively to execute
a broad communications strategy. Prior press and/or digital experience and
familiarity with both graphic design and video editing is preferred. Ideal
candidates must also have strong written and verbal communications skills
and be able to work demanding hours in a fast-paced environment.
Interested candidates must submit a resume, cover letter, two writing samples,
and two examples of social media or digital media work to
digitalpressposting@mail.house.gov. Candidates will be considered on a
rolling basis until the position is filled.

MEM-076-18

California Democrat (Rep. Jerry McNerney, CA-09) seeks experienced
legislative director to develop and advance long-term legislative agenda.
Legislative Director will work closely with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Communications Director, District Director, and staff to advance Member’s
priorities and implement strategic legislative and outreach strategies.
Successful candidate must work well in a collaborative, team-oriented
environment and have the ability to oversee an active legislative team in
implementing and advancing an expansive legislative agenda.
Legislative Director must be highly organized, detail oriented, and able to
manage multiple tasks and projects. Excellent interpersonal skills and written
and verbal communication, as well as strong editing and proofreading abilities
are required.
Ideal candidate will be politically astute and have a good sense of humor and
positive attitude.
Successful candidate must have the ability to thrive in a demanding, fastpaced, deadline-driven environment, and must be able to respond to
challenging situations quickly and strategically.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill
experience and a solid knowledge of legislative and political processes will be
considered. Prior experience serving as a Legislative Director or working on
Page 5 of 6

Energy and Commerce Committee-related policy issues – including energy,
environment, and water – is strongly preferred.
California ties, Spanish literacy, and previous supervisory experience are a
plus. Minorities and candidates with CA-09 ties are encouraged to apply.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to: McNerneyResumes@mail.house.gov.
No calls or drop ins, please.

Page 6 of 6

