________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 16, 2021

MEM-325-21

California House Democrat seeks a Legislative Correspondent for the
Washington, D.C. office. The LC will be responsible for managing a robust and
responsive constituent mail program including drafting constituent response
letters, sorting and batching incoming correspondence, ensuring quick response
times, compiling weekly mail reports, and other duties as assigned.
Communications and digital experience are a plus.
Ideal candidates will have Hill experience and possess strong organizational and
time management skills; demonstrate excellent oral and written ability; maintain
a positive demeanor and be a self-starter.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample in a single PDF
document to ca07jobs@gmail.com with “DC Legislative Correspondent” in the
subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-322-21

SENIOR POLICY ADVISOR/ APPROPRIATIONS ASSOCIATE: Rep.
Marcy Kaptur seeks an experienced legislative staffer to handle a portfolio
including energy/environment (both in the personal office and as a liaison to her
Page 1 of 14

appropriations subcommittee staff in her role as Chair), as well as transportation,
infrastructure, and judiciary.
Candidates must be familiar with the energy and environment portfolio, the
appropriations process, advancing legislation, analyzing and briefing on complex
policy issues, and drafting a wide array of written materials (including materials
for Committee and Floor activities). Experience with Great Lakes issues strongly
preferred but not required.
Strong written and verbal communication skills and a demonstrated ability to
work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment are critical. At least five years
of relevant experience is required, and Congressional experience is strongly
preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply. Applicants should email a resume, cover
letter, two writing sample, and references as individual files in PDF format
to Steve.Katich@mail.house.gov with “Senior Policy Advisor” in the subject line.
No phone calls, faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.
MEM-320-21

The Office of Congressman Andy Harris, M.D. (MD-01) is seeking a Legislative
Correspondent to join a fast paced and highly active mail program.
The ideal candidate is highly organized, able to manage multiple tasks at once,
pays strong attention to detail, and is committed to exceptional constituent
service.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Sorting and Batching Constituent Correspondence;
•Tagging and Organizing Constituent Contacts;
•Writing Constituent Correspondence; and
•Contributing to the Drafting of 499s.
This is not an entry level position and at least one year of full-time employment is
required for consideration. Interns need not apply. Previous Capitol Hill
experience and experience using IQ is preferred. Maryland ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer. Please send resume, cover letter and
two writing samples in one PDF document
to MD01jobopenings@mail.house.gov with the subject line: 2021 Legislative
Correspondent. No phone calls please.

MEM-319-21

The Office of Congressman Andy Harris, M.D. (MD-01) has an immediate
opening for an organized, detail-oriented individual to serve in the position of

Page 2 of 14

Staff Assistant in a fast-paced and highly collaborative Capitol Hill office with a
strong commitment to exceptional constituent service.
Responsibilities include staffing and managing the front office, managing mail
intake, answering and managing the phone system, greeting visitors, handling
tour and flag requests, and providing general office support. Candidates should
have excellent oral and written communication skills, great attention to detail,
strong time management skills, and an ability to work under pressure. Maryland
ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer. Please send resume, cover letter,
and writing sample in one PDF document
to: MD01jobopenings@mail.house.gov. Subject line: 2021 Staff Assistant
Opening. No phone calls please.
MEM-318-21

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai’i - 01) is seeking a legislative staffer for his
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing a diverse and active portfolio of issues.
Responsibilities will include staffing the Congressman, preparing appropriations
requests, monitoring committee and floor activities, advancing legislative
initiatives, drafting constituent correspondence, and representing the office in
meetings. Direct report is to the Chief of Staff although the Congressman is
routinely involved in all aspects of his office operations.
Strong preference given to (1) prior Capitol Hill experience and (2) Hawai‘i
background, and applicants are asked to detail these attributes. The position also
requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work
independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills,
and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “DC Legislative Staffer” in
the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-317-21

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Science, Space, and
Technology seek a Press Assistant.
Duties include, but are not limited to, drafting press releases, opeds, and talking
points; assisting with fielding media requests; staffing Committee markups and
hearings; managing the Committee website; assisting the Press Secretary with
managing the Committee’s social media accounts and drafting original content;
and livestreaming Committee events.

Page 3 of 14

The ideal candidate will have strong writing skills, a great work ethic, the ability
to multi-task, and work well under pressure. Must be a team player and have a
strong interest in Science Committee jurisdiction. Applicants with experience
with adobe are encouraged to apply. Experience with graphic design, OBS, and
video editing is a plus. Hill experience is also a plus.
Qualified applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to sciresumes@mail.house.gov with “Press Assistant” in the subject line by
August 24. We are equal opportunity employers; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. No calls or drop-ins
please.
MEM-314-21

The Office of Congresswoman Julia Brownley (CA-26) seeks Press Assistant to
support a very active, Washington, DC office. This individual reports to the
Communications Director and will be responsible for creating content for social
media platforms, recording and editing video, and updating the website.
In addition, the staff member will produce daily clips, draft press releases, assist
with responding to press inquiries, compile and update press lists.
Candidates will be creative and strong writers who understand social media
trends. This individual will have experience with photography, graphic creation,
and video editing. Previous digital communications experience on Capitol Hill, a
campaign, or at a communications firm is strongly preferred.
The ideal candidate is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multitask, and willing to
work long hours in a fast-paced and demanding setting. Spanish fluency and
Southern California ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, a writing sample, and
two examples of graphics or other digital communications work
to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with “Press Assistant: Last Name, First Name” in
the subject line.
No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-312-21

Chairwoman of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks
to fill Professional Staff Member position on the Committee.
Duties include oversight of manufacturing and innovation programs within the
Committee’s jurisdiction, outreach to stakeholder groups, researching and
drafting legislation, staffing hearings, and preparing memoranda, statements, and
speeches for Majority Members.

Page 4 of 14

Applicants should have experience in at least one or both of the following subject
matter areas: 1) manufacturing innovation and policy, 2) technology,
manufacturing, and innovation activities carried out by the Department of
Commerce. All applicants should possess strong writing, organizational, and
communication skills; the capacity to articulate technical and policy issues clearly
and concisely; and the ability to meet tight deadlines.
The ideal candidate will have significant Capitol Hill or relevant government or
industry experience. An advanced degree or technical background is a plus, but
not required.
Please send a cover letter and resume to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This not
an entry-level position.
MEM-306-21

Summary:
Congresswoman Kay Granger is seeking a caseworker to join her District Office
staff. This position acts as a liaison between federal agencies and the
Congresswoman and constituents.
Education:
Ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree or equivalent. Education can be
substituted with at least 3 years of related experience or training in legislation or
equivalent experience.
Skills and Knowledge Required:
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments
•Familiarity with Texas Congressional District 12 is a plus
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities
•Excellent interpersonal skills
•Exceptional time management
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, procedures, and computer applications
Job Functions:
•Handles casework assignments from a variety of federal agencies including, but
not limited to:
oSocial Security
oIRS
oVeterans Affairs
•Assess casework for issues
•Screens casework and when necessary assigns to appropriate offices
Page 5 of 14

•Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and telephone calls related to casework
•Meets attendance requirements established by the office
•Accepts performance-based criticism and direction
•Works well under pressure and handles stress well
•Assist in planning and organizing casework roundtables between North Texas
caseworkers and federal agencies
•Review and learn federal regulations that affect constituents in the area
•Review and learn state regulations that may overlap with federal casework
•Attend local, state, and nationwide casework briefings
•Maintain professional relationships with agency contacts and other area
caseworkers
•Maintain up to date files on all cases
•Periodically update congresswoman with relevant casework trends or cases
•Flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends
•Perform other duties as assigned
Working Conditions:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment
•Ability to work in a shared office space without an expectation of privacy
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume
to courtney.renken@mail.house.gov and charlie.cripliver@mail.house.gov.
MEM-304-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a Civil
Rights Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering civil rights issues in
education and employment.
Candidates should have familiarity with educational and employment federal
civil rights laws, such as Title VI and Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
and Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. Knowledge of the EEOC,
OFCCP and federal statutes and policies and how they impact civil rights in
education and employment is preferred.
Applicants should have a law degree and experience working with an
organization, Congress, or government agency addressing civil rights. Duties will
include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical assistance
to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing
written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of
committee proceedings and events related to civil rights. Salary range is between
$75,000 and $100,000, commensurate with experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Civil Rights Counsel Position" in the subject line.
Please apply no later than August 20, 2021.
Page 6 of 14

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-301-21

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs,
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations seeks a Professional Staff
Member to join a small team. The PSM will report to the Subcommittee Staff
Director.
The position’s responsibilities include conducting oversight and investigations,
tracking legislative and policy developments, conducting site visits, developing
and drafting legislation, and engaging with stakeholders and whistleblowers.
Qualified candidates will have strong research, writing, and communications
skills with a demonstrated ability to work on a team, execute events, and work on
competing projects and priorities. This is not an entry-level position. Hill
experience is strongly preferred.
Exceptional candidates will have strong knowledge and experience in the
legislative process including planning and executing Committee hearings, writing
memoranda and correspondence, and briefing Members of Congress. Knowledge
and experience in Department of Veterans Affairs policies and operations,
congressional oversight of federal programs, investigations of fraud, waste, and
abuse, and working with whistleblowers are a plus. Salary range is 65-85k,
commensurate with experience.
Application: All candidates are required to complete an online application
(https://veterans.house.gov/opportunities) to be considered. Candidates should
upload a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and diversity & inclusion
statement.
The diversity & inclusion statement should be 250 words or less and: 1) Explain
how your past personal and/or professional experiences have contributed to your
growth in understanding diversity, equity, and inclusion, and/or 2) Explain how
you plan to engage in diversity, equity and inclusion matters in this role.
Applications will not be considered complete if there is no diversity & inclusion
statement.

MEM-300-21

PRESS AND DIGITAL MANAGER/LEGISLATIVE CORRESPONDENT
– Senior Northeastern House Democrat seeks Press and Digital
Manager/Legislative Correspondent.
This role will support all aspects of a demanding communications operation, with
responsibilities including but not limited to drafting press materials such as
Page 7 of 14

releases, background memos, talking points and op-eds; creating content for paid
and organic social media on various platforms; and maintaining the website. The
press and digital manager/legislative correspondent will also execute the office’s
mail program, with assistance from Legislative Fellows, interns, and the Staff
Assistant.
The ideal candidate will have demonstrated interest and experience in
communications and Democratic politics; proficiency with a variety of graphic
design and video production tools; capability of meeting tight deadlines; strong
written and oral communications skills; and the ability to think creatively and
strategically.
Starting annual salary: $50,000. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two
professional writing samples and two digital content samples
to democratic.hilljob@gmail.com.
Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to building and maintaining
an inclusive and diverse work environment. Women, candidates of color, and
LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-290-21

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced and well-organized Scheduler for the Representative’s Washington,
D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Developing, coordinating, and managing all aspects of the Representative’s
daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the district, as well as tracking,
evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests;
●Coordinating all travel for the Representative and her staff, filing travel receipts,
and other logistical support tasks as required;
●Working closely with and supporting the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, District Director, and Communications Director to ensure
smooth daily schedules and operations.
The ideal candidate will be:
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●A hard worker with excellent attention to detail;
●Adept at juggling complex schedules, competing priorities;
●Able to anticipate problems, seek solutions, and effectively communicate them
to the Representative and her staff;
●Able to work long hours, including some nights and weekends;
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
This is not an entry-level position; 2-4 years of work experience are desired.
Applicants with prior work experience as a Scheduler, as well as experience in
fast-paced operational roles, are highly preferred.
Page 8 of 14

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and
references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-287-21

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking a Legislative
Assistant to handle a broad portfolio centered around labor, jobs, trade and
economic issues.
This position will be the lead staff person for Congresswoman Jayapal’s
membership on the Select Committee on Economic Disparity and Fairness in
Growth as well as the primary staff person for Congresswoman Jayapal’s labor
portfolio for the Education and Labor Committee.
This position requires the ability to advance Congresswoman Jayapal's legislative
priorities and other progressive policies in their issue portfolio. The ideal
candidate will possess strong strategic thinking, planning and execution skills.
Additionally, candidates should have strong oral and written communication
skills and the ability to work well under pressure.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Driving current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as speeches,
policy memos, and factsheets;
●Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for relevant committee hearing and
markups; drafting hearing remarks and questions;
●Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
●Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and
Committee offices; and
●Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
●3 - 5 years of relevant experience including policy development and analysis;
issue advocacy; and strategic planning;
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●Excellent writing and time management skills;
●Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
appropriate for the office;
●Poised, level-headed, flexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
Page 9 of 14

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.
Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
references in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Assistant: [Applicant’s First and Last Name]” in the subject line. No calls or
drop-ins please.
MEM-280-21

Midwestern Democrat seeking an organized, detail-oriented individual to serve in
the position of Staff Assistant in a fast-paced and highly collaborative Capitol
Hill office.
Responsibilities include staffing and managing the front office, managing mail
intake, answering and managing the phone system, greeting visitors, handling
tour and flag requests, assisting staff during and after office hours, providing
administrative support to the Administrative Director, and providing additional
office support as needed.
While this is an entry-level position, candidates should have excellent oral and
written communication skills, great attention to detail, strong time management
skills, an ability to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines, and a sense of
humor. Capitol Hill and/or customer service experience are strongly preferred.
Midwest and Great Lakes ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and women, people of color,
members of the LGBTQ+ community, and members of other traditionally
underrepresented communities are STRONGLY encouraged to apply. Please
send resume, cover letter, and writing sample in one PDF document
to: midwestern.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-278-21

Rep. Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a Legislative Assistant in her
Washington, DC office. The Legislative Assistant will support the Member’s
work on the Energy & Commerce Health Subcommittee and cover a portfolio
that includes health care, reproductive rights, family services|child welfare, and
other issues.
Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, policy letters, memos, and
talking points, preparing for and staffing committee hearings, making vote
recommendations, meeting and maintaining relationships with constituents and
advocacy groups, working closely with the communications team and district
staff, advancing a number of the Member’s legislative priorities, and other tasks
as required. The position requires strong written and oral communication skills,
Page 10 of 14

the ability to manage multiple priorities at one time, and the ability to work
collaboratively in a team environment.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least 2-3 years of
Capitol Hill or relevant policy experience, be highly motivated, detail-oriented
professionals with strong organizational and time-management skills, as well as
positive attitudes, and pride in work. In addition, candidates should have a strong
understanding of the legislative process, coalition building, and have the ability to
maintain strategic relationships with constituent organizations, and should be
comfortable managing multiple priorities in a fast paced environment.
Los Angeles Metro Area|Southern California ties and Spanish language skills are
a plus. Salary will be commensurate with skills and experience.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, two references, and two
writing samples with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-274-21

Active Democratic House Member seeks a Staff Assistant to serve in the
Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidate will be a motivated self-starter with
outstanding interpersonal, customer service, time-management, and
organizational skills.
Primary responsibilities include: answering and logging telephone calls; front of
office operations; recruiting and managing interns; managing constituent requests
for flags and tours; assisting the Communications Director; assisting with
constituent mail responses and other administrative duties.
Ideal candidates will have relevant experience and demonstrate the ability to
think on their feet to solve problems; show keen attention to detail; demonstrate
excellent oral and written skills; maintain a positive demeanor; hold a clean
driving record; and demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates with California ties are preferred but not required.

Page 11 of 14

Please submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF document
to ca07jobs@gmail.com with “DC Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No walkins or phone calls.
MEM-273-21

The Office of Rep. Karen Bass seeks an organized and detail-oriented Director
of Operations for the Washington, DC office.
This role manages all aspects of the Member's and Chief of Staff’s daily and
long-term schedule in DC and in the District, office administration (including
finances, travel, etc.). This individual will work closely with the Member, Chief
of Staff, DC and District staff. Qualified candidates will have strong
communications and multi-tasking skills and will work well on a team.
The ideal candidate will have prior administrative and scheduling experience on
the Hill or comparable work environment. Candidate must be well-organized,
detail-oriented, team-oriented, self-motivated, comfortable working in a fastpaced environment focused on serving constituents. Candidate must also have
comfort interfacing with a principal. Salary is commensurate with experience.
To apply, please email your cover letter, resume, and references
to CA37.HR@mail.house.gov.

MEM-268-21

The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis in the U.S. House of
Representatives conducts investigations to ensure the nation’s response to the
coronavirus crisis is efficient, effective, and equitable.
Chairman James E. Clyburn seeks to fill a Counsel or Professional Staff
position on the Majority staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney or policy
professional with several years of investigative or litigation experience.
Responsibilities include leading investigations, conducting depositions and
transcribed interviews, preparing for hearings, and drafting reports.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Please send a resume and cover letter
to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel / Professional Staff” in the subject
line.

MEM-267-21

The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis in the U.S. House of
Representatives conducts investigations to ensure the nation’s response to the
coronavirus crisis is efficient, effective, and equitable. Chairman James E.
Clyburn seeks to fill a Staff Assistant and Clerk position on the Majority staff.

Page 12 of 14

The ideal candidate will be an enthusiastic and organized self-starter with
previous experience working or interning on Capitol Hill.
Responsibilities include editing letters, monitoring phone lines, maintaining
correspondence files and other records, hosting meetings, and supporting staff on
all aspects of hearings, briefings, and other events. Occasional assistance with
research and writing may also be required.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior organization skills and attention to detail,
work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with “Staff
Assistant and Clerk” in the subject line.
MEM-265-21

Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03), a member of the House Armed Services
Committee, House Foreign Affairs Committee, and House Small Business
Committee seeks a hard-working Constituent Services Representative to serve
in his Willingboro or Toms River offices.
The Constituent Services Representative is a field representative and caseworker
on behalf of the Congressman that acts as a liaison to various federal, state and
local agencies, assesses problems and finds solutions in a professional manner
and screens and refers cases, as appropriate.
Ideal candidates will have experience managing casework, be exceptionally wellorganized and attentive to detail, be able to adhere to established casework
processes, have strong oral and written communication skills, excel at time
management and be able to maintain good working relationships with the
Congressman, staff and constituents. An even temperament, ability to deal
effectively with a wide range of personalities, and creative problem solving skills
are essential.
RESPONSIBILITES
•Interact with constituents via phone, email and in person
•Establish, follow through and complete constituent casework
•Keep accurate and complete case notes and alerts at all times
•Interact with assigned federal agencies
•Interact with local, county and state offices to make and accept referrals
•Establish efficient processes to handle common issues and problems
•Cross-train and accept changing areas of focus as needed
•Staff public events as needed
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
•Casework or other high volume, high touch work
Page 13 of 14

•Time spent in a customer service role
•Work with federal, state or local government
•Experience with casework IQ program is a plus
•Candidates with ties to New Jersey are strongly encouraged to apply
TO APPLY: Email cover letter, resume and 2-3 references
to NJ03resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Constituent Services
Representative: [NAME]”. Please no unsolicited drop-ins, phone calls, or emails
to the office.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: August 20, 2021 at 5PM EST
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 14 of 14

