________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 8, 2022

MEM-429-22

LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR
Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03), a member of the House Armed Services
Committee, House Foreign Affairs Committee, and House Small Business
Committee, seeks a hard working, experienced Legislative Director to oversee his
policy team and legislative agenda. This is not an entry-level position and
previous policy and managerial experience on Capitol Hill is required.
The ideal applicant will be a team player, have a demonstrated ability to manage
and mentor staff, think strategically, and have experience in formulating and
advancing legislation. Successful applicants will work quickly under pressure,
have good working knowledge of House legislative processes and procedures,
excellent organization and communication skills, and work well with others. This
senior staff position reports to the Chief of Staff and the Congressman.
Candidates with more than a decade of policy, political and managerial
experience that may be interested in a Deputy Chief of Staff role will be
considered.
RESPONSIBILITIES
•Executes long-term and short-term strategic planning for the Member’s
legislative agenda
•Manages the policy team and assigns, monitors, and evaluates legislative staff
Page 1 of 24

work-products
•Handles a portfolio of legislative issues, which may be tailored to the
candidate’s expertise
•Monitors activity on the House Floor and the Member’s committees
•Provides the casework team and the district staff with federal updates and
guidance on federal matters
•Builds relationships with district and national stakeholders and advocacy
organizations
•Takes constituent and advocacy group meetings as necessary
•Coordinates the preparation of legislative memos, policy-related prep, and
cosponsorships
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:
•5+ years of Capitol Hill / Legislative experience
•3+ years management experience
•Policy experience in national security, foreign affairs, and/or defense a plus
•Knowledge of or ties to New Jersey a plus
TO APPLY: Email a cover letter, resume, a short writing sample and 2-3
references to NJ03Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Legislative
Director: [Your Full Name]” Please no unsolicited drop-ins, phone calls, or
emails to the office.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: August 15, 2022 at 6pm EST
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
_______________________________________________________________
MEM-427-22

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks an experienced Legislative
Director to oversee the legislative team in the Washington, DC office.
This is not an entry-level position and significant Capitol Hill experience is
required. The Legislative Director will manage a large and diverse portfolio,
while creatively and effectively identifying new policy areas to pursue. The ideal
candidate will demonstrate an ability to manage and mentor staff, think
strategically, and advance legislation and policy initiatives.
Required Skills:
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills;
•Ability to concisely communicate in real time and under pressure important and
often complex policy issues;
•Capability to manage a team of policy professionals and develop communication
and analytical skills in that team;
•Clear understanding of the legislative process and ability to execute a legislative
Page 2 of 24

strategy; and
•Excellent organization and time management skills and ability to prioritize tasks.
Role and Expectations:
•Manage a legislative team of 4-5 staff;
•Develop a legislative strategy in close consultation with the Member and Chief
of Staff;
•Set goals and develop strategic plans to meet those goals;
•Consistently monitor Congressional proceedings and develop strategies for best
advancing the Member’s goals;
•Work collaboratively as part of a team to accomplish goals;
•In consultation with the communications staff, ensure accomplishments are
communicated to constituents and stakeholders in the district.
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested
parties should e-mail a concise cover letter including salary requirements, a
resume, and two short writing samples (one narrative style and one issue brief)
to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: Full Name –
Legislative Director. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-425-22

A conservative Member of the Republican Conference on an “A“ committee
seeks a Legislative Correspondent with strong writing skills.
The Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent will work with the Legislative
Director to respond to constituent inquiries and maintain a legislative portfolio
while assisting senior staff with various projects. They will serve as the first point
of contact for our office, coordinate constituent arrangements including tours and
flag requests, and assist the staff with the daily responsibilities and duties of a
Congressional office. The ideal candidate will be detail-orientated, creative,
possess a strong willingness and desire to learn and grow, and have an interest in
legislative issues and a strong work ethic.
Capitol Hill experience and Tennessee ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit their resume with the subject line “Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent—First Name, Last Name”
to leah.bane@mail.house.gov

MEM-424-22

A conservative Member of the Republican Conference on an “A” committee is
expanding his communications team, and to that end seeks a Press
Assistant/Digital Director.
The Press Assistant/Digital Director will report directly to the Communications
Director and be responsible for managing and creating digital content for all
social media channels, including graphics and videos, tracking and analyzing
daily press clips and weekly social media traffic, maintaining and updating the

Page 3 of 24

press list monthly, and other communications-centric duties as assigned and as
their experience grows.
The ideal candidate will be detail-orientated, creative, and have an interest or
experience in digital communications and a strong work ethic. This is an
excellent opportunity for a current or former Congressional intern (or similar
position) or a current or former Staff Assistant interested in pursuing a career in
Communications in an office with a growing Communications Department.
Capitol Hill experience and Tennessee ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit their resume with the subject line “Press
Assistant/Digital Director—First Name, Last Name”
to dylan.jones@mail.house.gov
MEM-423-22

Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) seeks a Scheduler for his Washington,
D.C. office. Interested candidates should send resumes and cover letters
to gopwesternjobs1776@gmail.com.
The Scheduler will be expected to work closely with the Chief of Staff to
coordinate the Member’s DC schedule, arrange travel plans, and manage day to
day logistics. Additionally, this role will oversee the office’s intern program.
Job Duties:
•Works with the Member, Chief of Staff, and District Director to determine and
finalize the Member’s daily and long-term schedule.
•Manage all incoming meeting requests and invitations.
•Coordinates all travel arrangements.
•Process/schedule all incoming tour requests.
•Manage the office’s internship program.
Requirements:
•Able to coordinate and manage several scheduling activities with multiple
parties
•Able to manage varying priorities and adapt to rapidly changing situations
impacting the schedule
•Experience handling sensitive information and maintaining confidentiality
•Adaptable and organized with a keen attention to detail
•Strong decision-making skills and comfortable navigating challenging situations
•Works well under pressure

MEM-421-22

Congressman Earl Blumenauer is seeking a Staff Assistant to serve in his
Washington, D.C. Office. The position begins on September 12.
As staff assistant, this person will provide administrative support to the staff,
recruit and manage the office interns, greet visitors, answer phones, and check
Page 4 of 24

voicemails, and respond to constituent requests for services including tours and
flags. Additionally, they will assist the Legislative Correspondent with their
duties.
The ideal candidate will be enthusiastic, detail-oriented, an excellent writer, and
comfortable in a fast-paced environment.
Salary ranges from $50,000 - $60,000, depending on experience. Our office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. People of color
and people from underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply, as are
candidates with Oregon ties.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to Resume.Blumenauer@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line.
MEM-416-22

Senior progressive appropriator and member of House leadership seeks a
Legislative Aide to help manage constituent casework and manage a small
legislative portfolio to include: Fin Serv, Tax and Trade, Veterans, Animals,
Postal Services and Sports.
Job Duties:
•Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies;
•Informs the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned issue areas
by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents;
•Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Chief of Staff/Legislative Director
•Works with the Legislative Director and Chief of Staff to formulate and advance
legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas
•Tracks legislation and coordinates co-sponsorship of bills for the Member
•Provides input to help the Communications Director to draft speeches, press
releases, op-eds, and Congressional Record statements for the Member
Requirements:
•Strong progressive values
•Experience researching public policy and preparing recommendations for a
Member of Congress or other executives/leaders (e.g., Federal
department/agency, non-profit organization, private sector)
•Strong written and verbal communication skills
•Experience making decisions and advising senior leaders on important issues
•Comfortable navigating challenging situations and being politically savvy
Page 5 of 24

•Prior experience with forming partnerships and advancing legislative priorities
for a Member of Congress
•Prioritization and time management skills, with the ability to manage multiple
projects at a time
•Knowledge of issues in portfolio
The successful candidate is innovative, extremely well organized, a team player,
and a self-starter who pays exceptional attention to details. Spanish language
skills and/or CA ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and short writing sample
to lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Aide” in the subject line.
MEM-412-22

STAFF ASSISTANT – Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks Staff
Assistant for Capitol Hill front desk duties, including answering phones, greeting
visitors, recruiting and managing D.C. interns, processing flag and tour requests,
and other office-supporting administrative tasks.
Some communications and constituent correspondence work is also included in
the job. Salary: $45,000.
Candidates should send resume and cover letter
to democratic.hilljob@gmail.com.
Office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining
an inclusive and diverse work environment. Women, candidates of color, and
LGBTQ+ candidates are encouraged to apply.

MEM-410-22

The Office of Congressman Dwight Evans (D-PA-03) seeks a highly motivated
and creative individual to join the Washington, D.C. team as the Congressman’s
Digital Media Manager.
The primary function of this job will be supporting the Congressman’s
communication platforms to ensure his priorities and message extend to as many
constituents as possible. This position reports directly to the Congressman’s
Communications Director. Candidates must have strong writing and digital media
skills, be highly organized, energetic, and be capable of thriving in a fast-paced
and rapidly changing environment. The ability to meet deadlines is a must.
Proficiency with social media tools and standard Microsoft Office and Adobe
software tools is required. District knowledge and familiarity is preferred.
Page 6 of 24

Responsibilities include, and are not limited to: drafting daily social media
content on all of the Congressman’s official platforms, creating graphics, editing
videos, sending daily news clips, drafting op-eds on a variety of issues and enewsletters, working with district staff to produce regular virtual and tele-town
hall meetings, coordinating the draft of the Congressman’s annual State of the
District report, and consistently monitoring and updating the Congressman’s
website.
Qualified candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three examples of
your work, including at least one writing sample
to PA03.Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-409-22

SUMMARY:
The Outreach Manager monitors and updates the Member and District Director
on district and local issues in respective region. This position is responsible for
overseeing and executing outreach activities that maintain and strengthen
relationships between the Member and community leaders, constituents and
organizations as well as helping constituents navigate the services and assistance
with the federal government. This position assists with office operations,
constituent casework, participates in community projects and events, and actively
works to implement the outreach throughout the region. This position reports
directly to the District Director.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Outreach
•Serve as eyes and ears of the Congresswoman in the respective region of District
•Identify, develop and maintain relationships with key stakeholders and
constituency groups.
•Create and maintain contact list of community and constituency group leaders
for assigned outreach issue areas;
•Recommend strategic outreach planning and the development resulting from
Congresswoman’s legislative agenda and priorities
•Engage constituent groups and their leadership to identify public policy
problems & discuss legislative objectives and foster collaboration through
advanced outreach;
•Develop forward looking events, town hall meetings and discussions to convey
the office message and engage local residents.
•Attend related meetings and events to listen & learn from constituents and to
communicate the status of specific legislation and Congresswoman’s priorities;

Page 7 of 24

Constituent Services
•Responsible for the general administrative operations
•Respond and triage constituent calls and mail; respond to walk-in constituents,
stakeholders, etc.
•Casework Issues:
•Prepare certificates, proclamations, etc. for local and regional entities in
coordination with staff assistant
•Compose letters of support as requested by various stakeholders, recognize
constituents for their achievements in the community as well as thank you and
follow up notes for meetings/events in region
•Identify casework of significant public interest and assess casework for problems
that may require legislative action and make recommendations to District
Director, Deputy District Director and Senior Casework Liaison.
•Assist constituents and businesses who have issues or problems interacting with
the Federal government and act as a liaison to federal agencies.
Operations
•Work in coordination with the Scheduler and District Director to strategically
plan events and activities
•Represent and staff the Congresswoman at meetings/events with advocates /
businesses / organizations / constituents
•Prepare Congresswoman for district meeting/events
•Provide information on upcoming events by scanning newspapers, city/town
websites, social media, chamber emails, etc.
•Assist in planning and executing events as well as advancing events
Press
•Work with Communications Team to help publicize major district events in the
region
•Recommend and help prepare Congresswoman for press opportunities pertaining
to local issues in region
Other
•Drive the Congresswoman to meetings/events when appropriate.
•Other related duties as required
EDUCATION, SKILLS, AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Bachelor’s degree in a related field (may be substituted for two or more years of
related experience)
•Strong organizational, research, writing and communication skills
•At least a basic knowledge of legislative process;
•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Relationships with key stakeholders and knowledge of district issues and events
in the district;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Page 8 of 24

•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework and outreach responsibilities;
•Knowledge of office computer applications; and proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Field duties sometimes require work during regular office hours and some nights
and weekends. Employee must be able to travel and hold a valid driver’s license.
•Employee must be able to work in a moderately noisy and crowded work
environment without an expectation of privacy.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to raul.martinez@mail.house.gov
MEM-405-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai’i - 01) is seeking a Staff Assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities run the range of assisting the legislative, constituent services and
administrative functions of the office, to include: monitoring, processing and
responding to constituent mail and other communications, managing constituent
tours and other needs, and coordinating DC and district office issues. As needed
and depending on capability, the position also encompasses legislative duties.
Direct report is to the Chief of Staff although the Congressman is routinely
involved in all aspects of his office operations.
Strong preference given to (1) prior Capitol Hill experience and (2) Hawai’i
background, and applicants are asked to detail these attributes. The position also
requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work
independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills,
and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “DC Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-404-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a Staff Assistant for his
Honolulu district office.
Duties include but are not limited to constituent communications including calls
for general information and other inquiries and representing the office at
community events.
This position also is responsible for a wide variety of administrative duties, and
acts as a liaison to the federal, district and local government agencies on behalf of
the Congressman on requests by constituents seeking assistance with
individual/group issues. Staff Assistant will report directly to the Deputy Chief of
Page 9 of 24

Staff in the Honolulu office, although the position also interacts directly with the
Congressman, Chief of Staff, and his Washington, D.C. office.
Very strong preference given to (1) prior experience, especially in comparable
duties and (2) Hawai‘i background/community involvement and applicants are
asked to detail these attributes. The position also requires initiative, strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and effectively
under pressure, make decisions, and solve problems, orientation to detail,
excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and unpredictable hours as
necessary.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-402-22

The DC Office of Congressman Andrew Clyde (GA-09) seeks a Staff Assistant
to serve as support staff to maintain the regular daily functions and operations of
the official Washington, D.C. office.
SUMMARY
The primary responsibility of the staff assistant is to support the whole staff by
maintaining the regular daily functions and operations of the Washington, DC
office.
Typical responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
•Maintaining the DC office internship program – including managing an intern’s
daily tasks, projects, and the hiring process
•Facilitating the DC office’s tour and flag programs
•Answering and screening telephone calls for constituent messages, staff
requests, and more
•Greeting and screening visitors
•Assisting individuals who have appointments with the Member or other staff
members
•Signing for deliveries and forwarding deliveries to appropriate staff members
•Handling the office voicemails and fax inbox
•Ensuring that staff requests for assistance are directed to appropriate staff
member or House auxiliary office
•Recording constituents’ opinions, names, addresses, and other relevant
information from phone calls or mail and log them into our CRM system
•Batching incoming correspondence and drafting constituent letters in
coordination with the Legislative Correspondent
•Performing general administrative assignments for the staff and Member
To Apply: Qualified applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to chase.starr@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant
Application”.

Page 10 of 24

Failure to follow these directions will result in immediate disqualification of your
application.
MEM-398-22

U.S. Representative Gregory W. Meeks seeks an experienced Communications
Director/Press Secretary to lead an active, press operation for his DC & District
office.
Candidate must have experience pitching and placing stories in traditional and
digital media and booking the Member on national TV. Responsibilities include
but are not limited to: maintaining relationships with New York City and national
reporters; developing and implementing weekly and long-term strategic
communications plans; briefing and preparing the Member for interviews; writing
press releases, talking points, and speeches; managing a digital fellow;
developing social media content; and assisting on other issues as needed.
The ideal candidate will thrive have strong oral and written communications
skills, thrive in a fast-paced environment, and be a creative and strategic thinker.
This is not an entry level position and candidates must have previous pressrelated experience either on or off Capitol Hill. Salary commensurate with
experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
TO APPLY, e-mail a resume to NY05Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“Communications Director” in the subject line along with a digital portfolio,
writing sample, and at least two references.

MEM-393-22

Indiana Republican is seeking a Staff Assistant to join our Washington D.C.
office.
The successful candidate will work closely with the D.C. and district staff on a
variety of tasks including communications, legislative and administrative work.
Essential Duties:
•Answering constituent phone calls
•Overseeing internship program
•Greeting and escorting guests
•Coordinating and leading tours of the Capitol Building
•Sorting and drafting responses to constituent concerns
•Attending briefings/hearings and conducting research for staff
•Driving the Member to and from events
•Handling a variety of administrative and office tasks
Skills and Qualifications:
Page 11 of 24

•Works a flexible schedule
•Excellent communication skills and strong attention to detail
•Indiana ties are required
Interested applicants should email a resume and writing sample
to MidwestHouseJobs@gmail.com with subject “LASTNAME, FIRSTNAME
Staff Assistant Application”.
MEM-391-22

The office of Representative Sean Casten (D, IL-06) seeks a District Outreach
Coordinator for their Glen Ellyn, Illinois district office.
The District Outreach Coordinator supports the District Office by coordinating
the various community outreach activities for Representative Sean Casten.
Responsibilities include managing an outreach plan for the team, building
strategic relationships with community leaders and constituent groups, and
executing various outreach activities.
The starting salary for this position is $60,000.
Specific duties include but are not limited to:
• Organize, attend, and present at business, community, and neighborhood group
meetings.
• Oversee the District Staff Assistant’s managing of school education outreach
and the Casten STEM scholars’ program.
• Execute public events, meetings, town halls, informational listening sessions,
etc.
• Respond to public and community inquiries and brief staff on matters of public
interest and concern.
• Work with the Intern Coordinator to oversee the maintenance of a community
database of interested parties and issues.
• Coordinate initiatives designed to promote the office and constituent services
and any other assigned duties.
• Work with District Director to strategically staff Rep. Casten at
meetings/events.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES
• Knowledge and experience in working with diverse communities of Illinois’ 6th
Congressional District
• Exceptional interpersonal skills
• Strong writing and oral presentation skills
• Experience in facilitating public meetings and other public forums
• Exceptional organizational and planning skills.
• Available to attend evening and weekend community events and meetings.

Page 12 of 24

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE Ties to IL-06, a proven management record,
and a minimum of three years of related experience are required. The position
reports directly to the District Director.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS S/he must hold a valid driver’s license to attend
community meetings and transport Rep. Casten when staffing.
Representative Casten’s Office is an affirmative action/equal opportunity
employer dedicated to building a community of excellence, equity, and diversity.
It welcomes applications from women, underrepresented minorities, individuals
with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual minority groups and other candidates
who will lead and contribute to the diversification and enrichment of ideas and
perspectives.
To apply please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short statement of no more
than 300 words about why you’re a good fit for this role
to Constituent.ServicesIL06@mail.house.gov.
Subject Line: District Outreach Coordinator
MEM-388-22

District Staff Assistant
The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski seeks a Staff Assistant based in his
Somerville NJ Office location. The Staff Assistant will act as the first point of
contact for the front office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Greet and provide direction to visitors
•Track office inventory
•Process mail
•Oversee office internship program
•Field constituent phone calls
•Log incoming and outgoing correspondence
•Draft responses to constituent correspondence
•Staff the Member in meetings and at public events
•Process and schedule Capitol and White House tour requests
•Liaise with Congressman’s DC office staff
Candidates will have an outgoing and positive demeanor, be natural problem
solvers with meticulous attention to detail, can remain calm in high stakes
situations, and work well as part of a team.
A standard work week is 40 hours with some limited evening and weekend
availability required. Applicants must have access to a car. Starting salary for this
position is $50,000 annually. Healthcare and retirement benefits provided with 20
days paid vacation and 10 days paid sick leave annually. Recent graduates are
encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position.
Page 13 of 24

This office is an equal opportunity employer. Veterans, LGBTQ individuals,
women, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, writing sample and three
references in a single PDF to NJ07Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject
line DO Staff Assistant.
MEM-380-22

U.S. Representative Norma J. Torres (CA-35) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead an active, bilingual press operation for her
Washington, DC office.
Candidate must have experience pitching and placing stories in traditional and
digital media and booking the Member on national TV.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: maintaining relationships with
California, national, and international reporters; developing and implementing
weekly and long-term strategic communications plans; briefing and preparing the
Member for interviews; writing press releases, talking points, and speeches;
developing social media content; helping the Chief of Staff implement the
Franked communications plan; and assisting on other issues as needed.
The ideal candidate will thrive have strong oral and written communications
skills, thrive in a fast paced environment, and be a creative and strategic thinker.
This is not an entry level position and candidates must have previous pressrelated experience either on or off Capitol Hill. Fluency in Spanish is a big plus.
Salary commensurate with experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Interested candidates should send an email
to CA35.OfficeStaff@mail.house.gov with “Comms Director/Press Secretary” in
the subject line and include a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples.

MEM-379-22

Scheduler/Office Manager:
Rep. Norma J. Torres seeks an experienced Scheduler/Office Manager for her
Washington, D.C. office. Duties will include:
*Manage and maintain all aspects of the Member’s daily and long-term DC and
national schedule;
*Making all air travel and ground transportation arrangements to and from the
district and other locations;
Page 14 of 24

*Responds to all incoming meeting and scheduling requests;
*Briefs the Member on all scheduling activities and requests of the Washington,
D.C. and district offices;
*Ensures that the Member has briefing materials for each event by coordinating
with event participants and the appropriate legislative and/or district staff;
*Coordinating the scheduling of press, interviews, radio and television time with
the communications team;
*Submits vouchers for travel and expense reimbursement to the staff member
responsible for submitting office bills for payment;
*Work with other congressional offices, committee staff, leadership office, and
the Executive Branch agencies on events and scheduling requests;
*Assists with office operations, including orientation and training for new staff,
assisting departing employees, administering parking space assignments,
managing leave and time record for staff, scheduling of rooms for outside group
functions, maintaining emergency information for staff, ordering office supplies;
*Other duties as assigned;
This person will also serve the Congresswoman’s drivers; driver’s license, good
driving record, and access to a vehicle is required. Candidate must be highly
organized, detail oriented, work well under pressure, and an efficient self-starter.
Work may include some long hours, nights, and weekends.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume
to CA35.OfficeStaff@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin,
uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
MEM-366-22

Nebraska House Republican seeks a Staff Assistant to serve as support staff to
maintain the regular daily functions and operations of the official office.
SUMMARY
The primary responsibility of the staff assistant is to serve as support staff for the
operations team to maintain the regular daily functions and operations of the
Washington, DC office. This could include answering telephones, greeting
visitors to the office, assisting with appointments and scheduling, answering
constituent requests for general information, giving tours of the capitol,
monitoring deliveries, maintaining the front office, and assisting with other
various administrative duties.
Typical responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
•Answering and screening telephone calls for the Member and other staff
Page 15 of 24

members.
•Greeting and screening visitors.
•Assisting individuals who have appointments with the Member or other staff
members.
•Maintaining handout literature regarding the state and Congress.
•Signing for deliveries and forwarding deliveries to appropriate staff members.
•Maintaining the office answering machine and tracking voicemails.
•Ensuring that requests for assistance are directed to appropriate staff members.
•Maintaining the reception room.
•Maintaining the office guest book.
•Maintaining quick reference sheets of prominent VIPs and a list of frequently
requested contacts.
•Recording visitors’ opinions, names, addresses, and other relevant information.
•Helping to log mail.
•Performing general typing and administrative assignments.
Email to send resume: Qualified applicants should send a resume
to jobs@mikefloodfornebraska.com.
MEM-366-22

Nebraska House Republican seeks a Staff Assistant to serve as support staff to
maintain the regular daily functions and operations of the official office.
SUMMARY
The primary responsibility of the staff assistant is to serve as support staff for the
operations team to maintain the regular daily functions and operations of the
Washington, DC office. This could include answering telephones, greeting
visitors to the office, assisting with appointments and scheduling, answering
constituent requests for general information, giving tours of the capitol,
monitoring deliveries, maintaining the front office, and assisting with other
various administrative duties.
Typical responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
•Answering and screening telephone calls for the Member and other staff
members.
•Greeting and screening visitors.
•Assisting individuals who have appointments with the Member or other staff
members.
•Maintaining handout literature regarding the state and Congress.
•Signing for deliveries and forwarding deliveries to appropriate staff members.
•Maintaining the office answering machine and tracking voicemails.
•Ensuring that requests for assistance are directed to appropriate staff members.
•Maintaining the reception room.
•Maintaining the office guest book.
•Maintaining quick reference sheets of prominent VIPs and a list of frequently
requested contacts.
•Recording visitors’ opinions, names, addresses, and other relevant information.
Page 16 of 24

•Helping to log mail.
•Performing general typing and administrative assignments.
Email to send resume: Qualified applicants should send a resume
to jobs@mikefloodfornebraska.com.
MEM-365-22

Nebraska House Republican seeks an experienced Scheduler to maintain the
Member’s schedule and act as liaison/doorkeeper for the Member with staff,
public, and other officials.
SUMMARY
The primary responsibility of the Scheduler is to maintain the Member’s schedule
and act as liaison/doorkeeper for the Member with the staff, public, and other
officials. The Scheduler is part of the Operations Team and, along with the Staff
Assistant, reports to the Operations Director.
Typical responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
•In conjunction with the Operations Director, evaluating requests for meetings
with the Member and determining who shall meet with the Member and the
length of the meeting.
•Determining which meetings that have been requested with the Member can be
handled by a staff person and schedule such meetings.
•Making determinations about the Member’s responses to incoming phone calls
and meeting requests.
•Preparing and distributing copies of the Member’s daily schedule.
•Preparing detailed itineraries for the Member, including important telephone
numbers, locations, and contact names.
•Preparing projected schedules for the Member and key staff members.
•Briefing the Member on all scheduling activities of the Washington, DC and
state offices.
•Scheduling all staff meetings and briefings with the Member.
•Arranging photo opportunities and other similar events with constituents.
•Making reservations for the Member’s air travel, ground transportation, and
lodging.
•In conjunction with the Operations Director, determining the priority of matters
for the Member and key staff.
•Acting as liaison with the floor staff.
•Acting as the Member’s liaison with other Members, the White House,
committee staff and government offices in regards to scheduling future meetings
with the Member.
•In conjunction with the Operations Director and Chief, reviewing invitations and
requests received by the Member, determining which can be declined, and
directing that a letter declining the invitation or phone call be made in response,
or, if a VIP is involved, drafting correspondence or contacting the VIP to decline
the invitation.
•Providing the Member with briefing materials for each event and/or timely
Page 17 of 24

notifying the appropriate personnel of upcoming events so they will prepare the
necessary background material on the issues that will be subject of the event.
•Organizing special events and projects for the Member.
Applicants should be highly organized and have experience working on the hill or
for a high-profile individual, as well as an understanding of a typical
Congressional office's procedures and schedule.
Email to send resume to: Qualified applicants should submit a resume
to jobs@mikefloodfornebraska.com
MEM-364-22

The Office of Representative Mikie Sherrill is seeking an Outreach Assistant for
the NJ DISTRICT office.
This position is responsible for maintaining both Rep. Sherrill’s district schedule
and a comprehensive knowledge of all incoming requests. As outreach assistant,
the position provides administrative and outreach support to the district office. As
a member of a small cohesive team this position also provides exposure to a wide
variety of projects and issues.
RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE:
•Organize and maintain incoming requests from constituents, local organizations
and staff from District and Washington D.C. offices
•Monitor the district work period schedule of the Congresswoman and anticipate
logistical or detail needs
•Coordinate meeting, event scheduling and logistical planning (travel, locations,
etc.)
•Work with DC Scheduler and District Directors to effectively and efficiently
manage the Congresswoman’s time
•Support district team members in scheduling, event staffing, managing outreach
lists, letter writing
•Represent the Congresswoman and the District Office at local events
•Undertake projects as needed including research, progress reporting and
information gathering
Applicants must have a car and NJ driver’s license. Must possess strong written
and communication skills. This position requires travel throughout the district
and flexible hours, including some work on nights and weekends.
Women, minorities and LGBTQ+ persons are encouraged to apply. No calls or
drop-ins.
To apply please send resume, cover letter and references to NAME
at resumes.nj11@mail.house.gov with the subject line please put "OUTREACH
ASSISTANT APPLICATION"

Page 18 of 24

MEM-363-22

Midwest Republican is seeking an experienced Press Secretary to join our
Washington D.C. office. The successful candidate will work closely with D.C.
and district staff to develop and execute a plan to inform constituents and the
media on the Member’s work.
Essential Duties:
•Develop and implement communications strategy for the Member. This may
include but is not limited to press releases, mass-emailers, the monthly enewsletter, floor speeches, and op-eds
•Create graphics and videos
•Organize all press engagements (local, state, and national)
•Lead and maintain all website publications and social media activity
Skills and Qualifications:
•Works a flexible schedule
•Previous communications or relevant experience is required
•Hill experience is required
•Midwest ties are preferred, but not required
Interested applicants should send their resume and a writing sample with the
subject “First Name, Last Name - Press Secretary Application”
to midwesthousejobs@gmail.com

MEM-358-22

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a mid- to senior-level Legislative
Assistant for his Washington D.C. office. Hill experience in a legislative role or
comparable experience is required.
The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for handling a broad range of
domestic policy issues, including the member’s Science and Technology
Committee work. The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for drafting and
monitoring legislation, preparing materials for committee hearings and markups,
representing the Member in meetings/briefings, working with constituent
organizations, and performing other tasks as assigned.
The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of the legislative process,
excellent writing and communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to work
effectively in a fast-paced office. Press and communications experience is also a
plus, but not required.
Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to legislativeposition2022@gmail.com.

MEM-355-22

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT
OFFICE OF CONGRESSWOMAN AYANNA PRESSLEY

Page 19 of 24

THE ROLE:
The Legislative Assistant manages a diverse portfolio of key issues for the office
including health care, and supports the Member on her assignment to the
Committee on Oversight and Reform. This role reports directly to the Legislative
Director.
YOU:
Have experience working in public policy and advocacy and have demonstrated
experience advancing legislation, monitoring the House floor and conducting
research. You are committed to the progressive values of the office and enjoy
working in a fast-paced setting and engaging members of the community,
advocates and activists in our legislative work. You believe in shared power and
cooperative governing. You have a set of professional and lived experiences that
equip you well to serve the Massachusetts 7th and you believe that every person
has a contribution to make to our legislative agenda.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Draft legislation, conduct research, draft talking points, speeches, memos and
Congressional oversight letters in partnership with the Legislative Director
•Staff the Congresswoman on hearings, floor activity and events
•Work closely with the Legislative Director and Chief of Staff to effectively
communicate and advance key legislative priorities and accomplishments;
•Manage relationships with a large number of local, state and national advocates
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff,
advocates, and constituents;
•Works well under pressure, can manage multiple projects and in a team setting;
•Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Our office prioritizes building a diverse team committed to advocating for the
residents of the Massachusetts 7th. 2-5 years of policy, organizing, and/or
advocacy experience recommended. As a practice as an office we do not require
any pre-requisite degrees. Please expand on how your unique set of experiences
suits you to excel in this role in your cover letter. This is not an entry level
position.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
•Strong policy analysis skills;
•Knowledge of the legislative process, procedures and organization of the House;
•Demonstrated experience in advancing legislation and proposing solutions
through policy;
•Ability to exercise discretion and good judgment in the representation of the
Congresswoman's position on policy issues; and
Page 20 of 24

•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with colleagues, community
members, and advocates.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate; and
•Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
•COVID 19 precautions and remote work expectations can be discussed during
the interview process. COVID vaccination and one booster shot are required for
all full time staff.
•This role is based in Washington, D.C.
COMPENSATION:
The salary for the position is $75k, along with a competitive benefits package that
includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan payments (terms apply) and
16 weeks of paid FMLA.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please submit a single PDF with your resume, cover letter and 3 references
to ma7jobposting@gmail.com with the subject line “Legislative Assistant”.
MEM-353-22

New Jersey Staff Assistant /District Field Representative – The district office
of Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks a hard-working, organized individual to
serve as a Staff Assistant & District Field Representative.
This position primarily entails constituent casework and community outreach.
Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials,
representing the Congressman at community and governmental events, special
projects, as well as general office work.
Candidates should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and
must enjoy working with the public. Prior experience in government, the nonprofit sector, community and grassroots organizing is preferred. This position is
based in New Jersey. Applicants must have a valid driver license.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and references by
email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-352-22

Congresswoman Doris Matsui (D-CA-06) seeks a Legislative Assistant to focus
on a portfolio of energy, environment, and climate.
This position will handle the Congresswoman’s Energy and Commerce Energy
Subcommittee work and her role as co-chair of the House Sustainable Energy and
Environment Coalition (SEEC) and co-chair of the SEEC Nature and Oceans
Task Force. The portfolio will be focused on natural climate solutions, clean
energy, clean transportation, environmental justice, and energy equity policy; it
Page 21 of 24

will also likely include women’s issues, immigration work, and potentially a few
other issues.
This is not an entry-level position. Hill experience is strongly preferred. The
office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority applicants are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com. Please use “Energy/Enviro LA” as the subject.
MEM-231-22

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-069-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks a Press Media
Secretary based in the DC office to work closely with the Communications
Director, based in the district office to develop and execute the Congressman’s

Page 22 of 24

communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and Means, Armed
Services, and Budget committees.
The Press Media Secretary must be and stay up to date with the latest digital,
technical, and social media trends. Able to express the Congressman's voice
creatively and promote social media presence, ensuring high web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines. This position serves as a
part of the Communications team and reports directly to the Director of
Communications based in the district, however, this person will be the main point
of contact in the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
• Acts as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Managing the Congressman’s social media platforms, developing a weekly
content calendar, and drafting rapid response content during breaking news
moments.
• Maintaining the Congressman’s website and drafting new website content
covering key policy issues.
• Preparing daily press clip summaries and monitoring the Congressman’s media
mentions.
• Writing a weekly newsletter, creating digital ads, and participating in other
efforts to keep constituents of Nevada’s Fourth District informed about the work
of a busy Congressional office.
• Helping to plan and staff communications-focused events for the Congressman,
both in-district and in Washington D.C.
• Writing short-form speeches and video scripts and preparing video clips of the
Congressman for public distribution.
• Building relationships with allies and online influencers to amplify
Congressman Horsford’s digital message and expand his online reach.
• Perform all other duties as required
The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work closely with
legislative and district staff. The ideal candidate will have experience in or
interest in learning about aspects of the office’s traditional press operations,
including writing press releases, drafting talking points and speeches, forming
relationships with members of the media, and pitching stories.
This is an ideal position for someone with 1-2 years of communications or digital
experience. Applicants must be passionate about public service, well-organized,
and have the ability to work on weekends and holidays when necessary.
Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other
languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 23 of 24

Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply. Experience
with video editing and graphic design is also a plus. Nevada ties are a plus, but
not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, three writing samples, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Press/Media Secretary” in the subject
line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.

Page 24 of 24

