________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 22, 2021

MEM-048-21

Congressman Kurt Schrader (OR-5) seeks a District Scheduler and Office
Manager based in Oregon. The staff member in this position will perform a
variety of administrative and operational duties including maintaining Member’s
in-district schedule, record keeping, managing district IT needs, hiring and
managing interns.
Essential job functions:
•Prepares district schedule for Member including but not limited to address,
directions, purpose of meeting, contact info, staffing, etc; makes travel plans
when required;
•Prepares online briefing book for Member for district visits;
•Actively participates in strategic scheduling of Member to ensure Member is
reaching each part of District;
•Maintains database of all scheduling requests, invitations
•Responds to all invitations either by written correspondence or personal phone
call; logs communication on each request in database;
•Responsible for managing all aspects of the yearly Congressional Art
Competition
•Monitors the District Office’s compliance with House Rules, including franking
reporting and ethics rules;
•Manages Salem and Oregon City office functions including supplies; technology
(including copier, phone system, and computers); GSA inventory; leases (parking
and office); communications with security contractor; cleaning services; etc
Page 1 of 8

•Serves as Law Enforcement Coordinator for district offices as outlined by House
Sergeant at Arms; maintains files related to communications with US Capitol
Police
•Works with DC office counterpart to ensure all district bills are forwarded on
time;
•Maintains up to date information on office accounts for printing, supplies and
travel;
•Provides logistical support and staffing of Member at district meetings and
events;
•Recruits, trains and manages interns for state offices;
•Drafts and posts social media posts for in-district visits in conjunction with
Communications Director;
Qualifications include a working knowledge of Oregon’s 5th congressional
district, a service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills, proficiency at
prioritizing and managing multiple projects at one time, a capacity to work both
independently and as part of a team, and strong written and oral communications
skills. Bachelor’s degree preferred and/or 2 to 3 years of experience. Spanish
language proficiency is a plus.
Salary range for this position is $45,000 to $55,000 plus benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified
candidates are encouraged to apply.
The Office will be taking applications through March 12, 2021 and may remain
open longer should the position remain unfilled. Please email your resume and
cover letter to: OR05KS.resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: District
Scheduler.
MEM-047-21

Congressman Kurt Schrader (OR-5) seeks two District Representatives based in
Oregon. The staff members in these positions maintain, strengthen, and establish
relationships with federal, state and local agencies as well as community
stakeholders, non-profit organizations, local elected officials and constituent
groups on behalf of the Member of Congress.
In addition to community outreach, these positions are responsible for managing
projects and assist in the development of the Member’s schedule including setup,
logistical briefings and staffing meetings for small and large-scale events,
preparing background briefings on assigned issues, casework, constituent
correspondence other administrative duties as assigned.
One position will work with CD 5 communities in Lincoln and Tillamook
counties, with a particular emphasis on issues related to commercial and
recreational fishing, ocean health, and Native Americans.

Page 2 of 8

One position will work with CD 5 communities in Clackamas and Multnomah
counties, with a particular emphasis on issues related to healthcare,
transportation, and forestry.
Qualifications include a thorough knowledge of Oregon’s 5th congressional
district, a service- oriented attitude, strong organizational skills, proficiency at
prioritizing and managing multiple projects at one time, a capacity to work both
independently and as part of a team, and strong written and oral communications
skills. Bachelor’s degree preferred and/or 2 to 3 years of experience. Spanishlanguage proficiency is a plus. In-district travel will be expected.
Salary range for these positions is $45,000 to $60,000 plus benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified
candidates are encouraged to apply.
The Office will be taking applications through February 26, 2021 and may
remain open longer should the position(s) remain unfilled. Please email your
resume and cover letter
to: OR05KS.resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: District Representative.
MEM-042-21

The Office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson seeks a legislative director.
Responsibilities will include advancing legislative priorities and supporting the
member’s work on the Education and Labor and Transportation and
Infrastructure committees.
The ideal candidate will have substantial experience working on a variety of
issues, including education, health, employment, labor, transportation,
appropriations, housing, and other issues affecting majority-minority
communities. Strong academic credentials, committee experience, and proven
leadership skills are required. Moreover, the candidate should possess strong oral
and written communication skills, the ability to work well under pressure,
extensive knowledge of the legislative process, and be available to work long
hours.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill experience
and proven knowledge of legislative and political processes will be considered.
Law degree and previous experience serving as a legislative director or senior
policy staff are strongly preferred.
Minorities and candidates with Florida ties are encouraged to apply. Submit your
resume, cover letter, and three writing samples
to FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Director” in the
subject line.

Page 3 of 8

MEM-035-21

Legislative Assistant - Congressman Mark DeSaulnier (D-CA) seeks a
Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse portfolio of issues. Candidates should
have excellent research, writing, and communication skills. Duties include
identifying and advancing policy proposals, committee hearing and mark-up
preparation, meetings with stakeholders, and assisting with constituent
correspondence.
Successful candidates should possess strong interpersonal skills and a willingness
to work in a team environment. This is not an entry level position and prior
legislative experience on Capitol Hill is required. California ties preferred. Office
is an equal opportunity employer.
Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
to DeSaulnierLegAssistant@gmail.com

MEM-034-21

STAFF ASSISTANT – Progressive Northeastern House Democrat seeks Staff
Assistant for Capitol Hill office front desk duties (currently remotely executed),
including answering phones, having initial contact with constituents, managing
D.C. office interns, processing flag and tour requests, and other office-supporting
administrative tasks. Helping the Legislative Correspondent with letter-writing is
also a significant part of the job.
Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample
(1-2 pages) to democratic.hilljob@gmail.com. Office is an Equal Opportunity
Employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment. Women and candidates of color are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-033-21

Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18), a member of the House
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (HPSCI) and member of House
leadership, seeks an aggressive and detail-oriented communications director to
serve in his Washington, D.C. office.
The position will manage or oversee all aspects of a busy and proactive
communications shop by writing press releases, advisories, statements; serving as
the Member’s spokesperson; managing communications strategy; and developing
relationships with members of the local, state, and national media.
The position also manages a digital staffer, legislative correspondent, and press
fellow. This is not an entry level position. Candidates should have at least three
years of previous political communications experience, relationships with the
Congressional press corps and familiarity with national security and
transportation issues are encouraged. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages people of all identity groups to apply.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, writing samples, and

Page 4 of 8

professional references to ny18resumes@gmail.com.
MEM-032-21

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff, seeks a Professional
Staff Member for the Health Subcommittee to work on issues within the
subcommittee’s public health jurisdiction. This is not an entry level position.
Responsibilities will be leading a public health issue portfolio, including drafting
and negotiating public health legislation, preparing for hearings and markups,
writing letters and talking points, preparing background materials for Members
and staff, and supporting Members of the Committee.
Qualified candidates must have at least 4 years of health policy-related
experience and be knowledgeable in public health issues related to the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), National Institutes of Health (NIH),
Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA), and other public health
agencies and programs within the Committee’s jurisdiction.
Qualified candidates should also have a strong understanding of the Committee
process and procedures of the House of Representatives and an ability to perform
under short timelines and in a high-pressure environment while juggling
competing priorities. Excellent writing and analytical skills are required.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Please submit a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and at least two
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line Public
Health PSM Candidate.

MEM-029-21

Chairman Ro Khanna is seeking a staff director for the Subcommittee on
Environment, Committee on Oversight and Reform.
The staff director will manage a small team and be responsible for: developing an
oversight and investigation plan; holding periodic oversight hearings; conducting
investigations of governmental and non-governmental entities; drafting official
letters, memoranda and investigative reports; publicizing activities and
investigative findings; coordinating with the full committee.
Successful candidates will have a J.D. (preferred); experience with investigations
and/or enforcement actions in environmental protection, energy policy, and
sustainable development. Previous federal or state government experience is
preferred. In addition, candidates must have supervisory experience, excellent
oral and written communication skills, careful attention to detail, and availability
to work non-traditional hours on occasion. Digital and mass media experience is
a plus.
The jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes: global climate change;
environmental protection, public lands, endangered species, air and water quality;
Page 5 of 8

oceans; public health; conservation; international agreements; energy policy,
research and development; and oversight and legislative jurisdiction over
regulatory affairs and federal paperwork reduction. The Oversight and Reform
Committee is the principal oversight committee in the House of Representatives.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, veterans and
LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Please submit cover letter, resume and writing sample
to reprokhannaca17@gmail.com with the subject line as “Environment
Subcommittee Staff Director.”
MEM-026-21

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability
Assistance and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Attention to detail.
DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with full Committee hearings on matters within Subcommittee
jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
Page 6 of 8

•Reviewing the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and
other publications for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Minority agenda, briefing of Members, and
development of questions;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Drafting remarks for Ranking Member and suggested questions for hearing;
•Preparation of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee Ranking
Members on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Ranking
Member, Staff Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee
staff, as needed.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send résumés only to the following e-mail
address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “DAMA Republican Research
Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-025-21

POLICY ADVISOR – Congressman Jerry McNerney (CA-09) seeks an
experienced and proactive legislative staffer to handle the energy and
environment portfolio and his related work on the House Energy and Commerce
Committee and the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, in
addition to other issues.
This position offers many opportunities to help drive policy in areas that are
among the Congressman’s top priorities.
Responsibilities include crafting and advancing legislative initiatives, preparing
and staffing the Congressman for committee activity, meeting and working with
stakeholders, closely monitoring policy developments, and drafting talking
points, floor statements, press-related materials, and briefings.
Candidate must be detail-oriented, have excellent written, verbal, interpersonal,
and time management skills, and work well in a collaborative, fast-paced
environment.
This is not an entry-level position; candidates should have 3-5+ years of Capitol
Hill experience, including relevant legislative experience and a strong command
of energy and environmental issues.

Page 7 of 8

Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and California ties
are a plus. Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two
writing samples to McNerneyResumes@mail.house.gov.
MEM-024-21

Legislative Director
The Office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson seeks a legislative director.
Responsibilities will include advancing legislative priorities and supporting the
member’s work on the Education and Labor and Transportation and
Infrastructure committees.
The ideal candidate will have substantial experience working on a variety of
issues, including education, health, employment, labor, transportation,
appropriations, housing, and other issues affecting majority-minority
communities. Strong academic credentials, committee experience, and proven
leadership skills are required. Moreover, the candidate should possess strong oral
and written communication skills, the ability to work well under pressure,
extensive knowledge of the legislative process, and be available to work long
hours.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill experience
and proven knowledge of legislative and political processes will be considered.
Law degree and previous experience serving as a legislative director or senior
policy staff are strongly preferred.
Minorities and candidates with Florida ties are encouraged to apply. Submit your
resume, cover letter, and three writing samples
to FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Director” in the
subject line.

Page 8 of 8

