________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 6, 2021

MEM-228-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff —Procurement Counsel or Professional Staff Member
(District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks
to fill a Procurement Counsel or Professional Staff Member position on the
Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will have several years of experience
overseeing government procurement awards and performance.
Responsibilities include research, investigations, briefings, and managing
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are
strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail,
work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Procurement” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with
the file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.

Page 1 of 12

MEM-227-21

Senior Ways and Means Republican is seeking a legislative assistant/senior
legislative assistant to handle a diverse legislative portfolio. Qualified candidates
will have a minimum of 3 years legislative experience on the Hill and substantial
knowledge of the legislative process and floor procedure. Strong writing, research
and communication skills a must. All resumes handled in strict confidence.
Please forward a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to resumes.FL16@mail.house.gov.

MEM-226-21

STAFF ASSISTANT: The Office of Representative Thomas Massie is seeking a
staff assistant to serve in the Crescent Springs, Kentucky office. Ideal candidate
will be motivated self-starter with outstanding interpersonal, customer service,
time-management, and organizational skills.
Successful candidate will have a positive, solution-driven personality,
demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, show strong
attention to detail, and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Primary responsibilities will include maintaining the front office, answering
phones, processing and logging constituent mail, greeting visitors, monitoring
office deliveries, responding to inquiries, assisting with constituent casework, and
other duties as assigned.
Representative Massie’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation,
gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed
service.
Please submit a resume and cover letter to mary.troutman@mail.house.gov with
“District Staff Assistant” in the subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis until the position is filled.

MEM-225-21

Chairwoman of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks to fill a
Clerk opening on the Full Committee staff.
Duties include assisting with the preparation and conduct of markups, assisting
with hearing preparation, maintaining and archiving Committee records, assisting
with the printing of Committee documents, and executing other administrative
duties as needed.
Applicants should possess strong organizational and communication skills, the
ability to work under tight deadlines, and be able to multi-task effectively. Hill
experience is required. Previous clerking or administrative experience is strongly
preferred.

Page 2 of 12

Please send a resume and cover letter to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This
office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual
orientation, or gender identity or expression. In addition, we are committed to and
benefit from a diverse staff and candidates of all backgrounds.
This position will close on July 12, 2021.
MEM-223-21

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – Congressman Adam Smith, Chairman of
the House Armed Service Committee, is seeking an experienced and selfmotivated Communications Director to manage the personal office's press and
communications operations.
Candidates must possess strong writing skills, creativity, the ability to operate in
a fast-paced environment under deadlines. Ideal candidates should have previous
Capitol Hill experience, experience with national media contacts both print and
digital, and experience working with radio/TV bookers and producers.
Candidates should also have experience managing multiple social media accounts
and familiarity of graphic design and video editing (preferably Adobe Premier
Pro).
Day-to-day responsibilities will include but are not limited to: coordinating press
operations and outreach, staffing the Congressman for interviews and meetings,
developing and executing communications strategies, proactively pitching
national/local media, recording video messages, livestreaming/moderating town
halls, website content management, and drafting press releases, quotes, social
content, talking points, and op-eds.
This is not an entry-level position. Washington state ties are a plus. Qualified
candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, a digital sample, two writing
samples, and two professional references to WA09.jobs@mail.house.gov with
“Communications Director” in the subject. Job opening closes COB on Thursday,
July 8.
The office is committed to building a diverse and inclusive team and is an equal
opportunity employer.

MEM-218-21

HOUSE COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS
TITLE: Professional Staff Member for Women Veterans Policy – House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs (Majority)
SUMMARY: The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
seeks a Professional Staff Member (PSM) to join its Health Subcommittee staff.
The PSM will manage a portfolio focused on issues impacting women veterans to
Page 3 of 12

include matters related to military service, impacts to women veterans’ health,
well-being, and access to care, benefits, and economic resources, as well as
systemic and structural barriers which may inhibit access. The PSM will report
directly to the staff director of the Subcommittee. Some travel will be required.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Working with Committee leadership to develop an overall policy and legislative
strategy;
•Conducting oversight and investigations within the portfolio;
•Tracking legislative and policy developments within the portfolio;
•Drafting written product, to include memoranda, correspondence, reports, and
public statements;
•Planning and executing hearings and other official events;
•Conducting site visits;
•Developing and drafting legislation;
•Engaging and working with stakeholders to include the Administration, Veterans
Service Organization (VSOs), and others; and,
•Supporting the full Committee and Subcommittee Chairs in advancing the
Committee’s priorities.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Highly qualified candidates will have
significant experience with issues impacting women veterans, as well experience
in government (at any level) or advocacy. Congressional experience is not
required but is a plus. Qualified candidates will be extremely organized, have
excellent oral and written communications skills, have a demonstrated ability to
work on a team, and have a track record of successfully delivering excellent work
in short timeframes.
Candidates will be evaluated on experience, skills, character, and fitness, and how
well they meet the qualifications and requirements. In an effort to build a diverse
and more inclusive work environment, the committee strongly encourages
veterans, minority, women, people with disabilities, and LGBTQ+ candidates to
apply. Starting salary is $90k, commensurate with experience.
HOW TO APPLY: All candidates are required to complete an online application
via https://veterans.house.gov/opportunities to be considered.
Candidates should upload a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and diversity &
inclusion statement.
The diversity & inclusion statement should be 250 words or less and: 1) Explain
how your past personal and/or professional experiences have contributed to your
growth in understanding diversity, equity, and inclusion, and/or 2) Explain how
you plan to engage in diversity, equity
and inclusion matters in this role. Applications will not be considered complete if
there is no diversity & inclusion statement.

Page 4 of 12

MEM-213-21

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT — Rep. Jim Costa (CA-16) seeks a Legislative
Assistant in his Washington, DC office. The Legislative Assistant will support
the Member’s work on the Foreign Relations Committee and cover a portfolio
that includes foreign affairs, defense/intelligence, transatlantic, and PortugueseAmerican issues.
Responsibilities include drafting legislation, preparing materials for committee
hearings and markups, taking meetings and building relationships with
constituent groups, providing vote recommendations, advising the Member on
policy issues, and performing other tasks as required.
Candidates should have at least two years of Capitol Hill or relevant policy
experience, be highly motivated, detail-oriented professionals with strong
organizational and time-management skills, as well as positive attitudes, and
pride in work. Applicants with ties to California’s 16th Congressional District are
strongly encouraged to apply. Spanish fluency is a plus.
Please e-mail cover letter, resume, and writing sample in a single PDF
to resume@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line by
July 9, 2021.
Absolutely no phone calls, e-mails, or walk-ins. The Office of Representative
Costa is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining an
inclusive and diverse work environment.

MEM-212-21

Constituent Services Caseworker
Representative Jamie Raskin seeks a Constituent Services Caseworker for his
Rockville, Maryland District Office. Primary responsibilities include: handling
constituent casework; interacting with constituents and government agencies:
representing the office at community events and assisting with administrative
duties. This is an entry level position. Ties to Maryland’s 8th District are
preferred.
This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working, cohesive team
that is committed to providing superior constituent service. The ideal candidate is
organized, self-motivated, has excellent interpersonal and writing skills, and a
passion for making a difference in people’s lives.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.
To apply, please send an email to Raskin.DistrictJobs@mail.house.gov with
“Constituent Services Caseworker” in the subject line and the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF:
Page 5 of 12

•Cover letter (not to exceed one page) – please customize your letter to this
position.
•Résumé (not to exceed one page)
•Two writing samples (not to exceed one page each)
•Three references (not to exceed one page) – for each reference, please include
name, current title/office, phone number, email, and a one-sentence description of
your relationship to the reference.
The deadline to apply is 5:00 p.m. on July 8, 2021.
MEM-208-21

Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized and
professional individual for the position of Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent. The successful applicant will be personable, organized, possess
excellent communication and time-management skills, the ability to exercise
sound, independent judgment, and the ability to work cooperatively and
courteously with others.
This individual will help manage the constituent mail program, including
monitoring the flow of incoming and outgoing mail, keeping the constituent
database current, responding to constituent correspondence, and working with
legislative staff to maintain a proactive constituent outreach program.
Additional daily tasks include answering phones, processing mail, assisting with
constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, and other administrative
duties supporting the Member and staff as needed. Please note that we may split
this position for two separate hires.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to staffassistantlc@yahoo.com

MEM-205-21

Senior House Democratic Member of the Foreign Affairs Committee seeks
legislative assistant to handle work on that committee and related issues.
In addition to a strong interest and experience in foreign policy issues and the
operations of U.S. foreign affairs agencies, the successful applicant will be
organized, possess excellent communication and time-management skills, the
ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Legislative and/or agency experience a strong plus, though not required. To
apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to foreignpolicyla@yahoo.com

MEM-202-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff —Counsel (District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
Page 6 of 12

the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks
to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will be an
attorney with several years of investigative or litigation experience.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
managing congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the
file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.
MEM-201-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff —Chief Health Counsel (District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) is
looking for an experienced attorney to lead a team of attorneys and professional
staff in executing the Committee’s health and gender equity-related investigations
and oversight work.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of relevant
investigative, litigation, or regulatory experience. Responsibilities include
managing investigations, taking depositions and transcribed interviews, and
managing congressional hearings.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Chief Health Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover
letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-200-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff – EEO / Whistleblower Protection Investigative Counsel
(District of Columbia)

Page 7 of 12

The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) is
looking for an Investigative Counsel on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate
will be an attorney with several years of litigation experience, a demonstrated
commitment to civil rights and social justice, and a background in antidiscrimination, employment, whistleblower protection, and retaliation laws.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, whistleblower
interviews, briefings, and managing congressional hearings. Candidates must
have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and
possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Employment / Whistleblower Protection” in the subject line. Please attach the
resume and cover letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
MEM-199-21

Representative Spanberger seeks a Staff Assistant for her Washington, D.C.
office. Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized,
detail-oriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal skills, and be
eager to join a mission-oriented team that thrives in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates must demonstrate excellent “people skills” and a strong commitment
to providing outstanding constituent service. The ideal candidate should: be able
to think on their feet and be a problem solver; show keen attention to detail and
an ability to multi-task; demonstrate excellent oral and written skills; maintain a
positive demeanor; and demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
Primary responsibilities include: answering and logging telephone calls,
recruiting and managing interns, assisting the Legislative Correspondent with
batching mail, managing constituent requests for flags and tours, and other
administrative duties. Once the Capitol reopens to the public, responsibilities will
also include greeting visitors to the office and giving Capitol tours.
Additionally, they will manage incoming constituent requests for flags flown
over the Capitol. Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity
employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic
information, disability, or uniformed service.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (3 pages or less) in a
single PDF document to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “DC Staff
Assistant” in the subject line.

Page 8 of 12

MEM-198-21

The House Committee on the Judiciary seeks a Professional Staff
Member/Legislative Aide.
Responsibilities include participating in a wide range of oversight projects,
assisting in preparation for Committee hearings and markups, and providing
research assistance.
Ideal candidates must be comfortable producing extensive research into a variety
of issues and have demonstrated experience proof-reading and fact-checking
complex documents. Candidates should additionally be highly detailed-oriented
and organized, experienced handling large volumes of information, and have a
demonstrated ability to meet precise deadlines in a fast-paced setting.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. The anticipated start date for
this position is in August.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter
to Job.JDEM@mail.house.gov with the subject: PSM/LA - [Your Full Name].

MEM-192-21

The Office of Congressman Greg Pence is seeking an experienced Legislative
Assistant to handle a broad portfolio of off-committee issues including
agriculture, transportation and infrastructure, tax, financial services, education,
judiciary, and veteran's affairs.
The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of agriculture and tax issues,
solid grasp of House procedure, excellent writing and organizational skills, and
be a team player. Job responsibilities include developing and advancing
legislation and amendments, monitoring floor activity, and collaborating with the
district office and external stakeholders. This is not an entry level position.
Indiana ties strongly preferred.
Email to send resume (and other items if requested) to: Qualified applicants
should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to gopresumesubmission@gmail.com

MEM-191-21

Midwest conservative House Republican seeks an experienced Senior
Legislative Assistant to lead key policy initiatives.
SUMMARY:
The Senior Legislative Assistant develops and plans legislative initiatives and
monitors legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor.
This position requires the individual have thorough knowledge of parliamentary
Page 9 of 12

process and House rules. A qualified candidate will have 3-5 years of legislative
experience and a record of effectiveness within legislative department.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas which include:
1.devising a legislative plan;
2.drafting the plan into legislative form;
3.planning, coordinating and scheduling introduction of legislation in the House
(or offering it on an appropriate vehicle if it is in an amendment);
4.gathering support for a bill or amendment from other Members, as well as
appropriate interest groups;
5.working with committees on legislation;
6.coordinating legislative support to get the bill passed in the House.
*Tracks legislation and other developments in his or her assigned issue areas and
briefs the Member for floor work, committee work, work in the district, and
outside House-related activities;
*Monitors legislative developments within committees;
*Plans and coordinates co-sponsorship and support of other legislation;
*Monitors legislation on the House floor, providing the Member with information
on each vote;
*Writes Floor speeches for the Member;
*If assigned to issues pending before a specific committee, prepares for and
attends committee meetings and hearings with or without the Member (i.e., keeps
in contact with committee staff and meets with interest groups and constituents
with interests in such meetings);
*Acts as a liaison with committee and agency staffs;
*Performs special projects assigned by the Member or Chief of Staff
*Meets with constituents and interest groups;
*Provides information on and generates ideas for press, mass mailings, and
newsletters;
*Drafts press releases in issue areas and provides background on media inquiries;
*Answers constituent letters and helps constituents on federal matters;
*Supervises interns with regard to legislative issues and constituent responses;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
*A bachelor’s degree or higher education level is preferred, including strong
academic credentials.
*at least 3-5 years of legislative experience;
*strong leadership and organizational skills;
*excellent oral and written communication skills;
Page 10 of 12

*thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
*ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*thoroughness and careful attention to detail; and
*availability to work long hours and at night.
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications
Interested candidates should email a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to: indianagopjobs@gmail.com
MEM-183-21

The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the
Internet seeks a hard-working lawyer with significant legal experience to serve as
counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Subcommittee on matters of law and policy; drafting legislation; coordinating
hearings and witnesses; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and
providing guidance to offices both on and off the Subcommittee on intellectual
property and court-related issues.
A strong background in intellectual property, court-related matters, or both is
required. Exceptional writing skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to
work closely and collaboratively with other congressional offices and advocacy
organizations are also strongly preferred.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Courts/IP Counsel” in the subject
line.

MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Page 11 of 12

Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
MEM-162-21

STAFF ASSISTANT: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks a staff
assistant in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include managing the front office, answering phones, processing
and logging constituent mail, greeting visitors, monitoring office deliveries,
scheduling assistance, responding to inquiries, assisting with constituent
casework, and other duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills. Additionally,
successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven personality,
demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and show keen
attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a resume, writing sample, and cover letter (3 pages or less)
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Staff Assistant” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 12 of 12

