House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 24, 2019

MEM-263-19

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced, creative and highly motivated Digital Specialist for her
Washington, D.C. office. Reporting to the Communications Director, the
Digital Specialist is responsible for creating original and creative content
(including, but not limited to, videos and graphics) and managing the
Congresswoman’s social media channels to further communicate and elevate
her agenda and accomplishments.
The ideal candidate will have:
*Social media, graphic design, and video production experience in a
legislative office, campaign, political organization or progressive advocacy
group;
*Fluency with social media platforms and a nuanced understanding of the
current social media landscape and trends;
*Excellent organization and time management skills necessary to work in a
fast-paced environment that requires rapid response;
*Strong writing skills and attention to detail;
*A passion for storytelling and social justice.
Page 1 of 12

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
*Drafting daily digital content for highly active social media channels;
*Serving as the lead graphic designer and video producer/editor for the office;
*Tracking social media performance and providing analysis of trends and
opportunities for future growth;
*Updating and managing the Congresswoman’s official website; and
*Coordinating the creation and distribution of an e-newsletter.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
two writing samples, two graphic design samples, three references, and links
to either a reel or samples of video work.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Digital
Specialist” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-263-19

The Denver district office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is
seeking a Constituent Services Representative with superior
communication (verbal and writing), customer service, relationship building
and problem-solving skills. The ideal candidate will have experience in public
service, grants work and/or arts and education. Moreover, the ideal candidate
is organized, detail-oriented and resilient in the face of a fast-paced legislative
office. The ideal candidate is proactive and comfortable working with diverse
staff, community members and constituents.
SUMMARY
The Constituent Services Representative acts as a representative for the
Congresswoman in assigned communities and provides casework assistance
to constituents in assigned issue areas.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
*Assists constituents by providing information and is capable of researching
federal issues, answering questions on federal issues, directing constituents to
appropriate state or local governments or community resources.
*Writes memorandums for meetings the Congresswoman has scheduled
within assigned areas.
CASEWORK
* Answers casework correspondence, meets with constituents and serves as a
liaison with federal, state and local agencies in terms of assigned issue areas.
*Controls and processes constituent correspondence and cases in the

Page 2 of 12

casework areas as assigned; exercises judgment to determine the best course
of action for individual cases.
*Follows district office casework policy and employs appropriate
congressional casework tools, programs and resources, logs in all incoming
and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to casework.
*Screens and refers cases, where appropriate, to other congressional district
offices; continually screens active cases to ensure that their cases are handled
in a responsive
manner; maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information
of importance
to the office.
*Logs-in constituent comments and researches questions on federal policy,
law or procedure
in the casework / issue areas as assigned; works with legislative staff in the
Washington,
D.C. office on researching issues regarding pending legislation in conjunction
with district
office outreach/events.
OUTREACH
*Acts as a liaison to assigned constituency groups to form effective
relationships for the
district office; facilitates meetings with federal agencies, constituents, and
groups having a
common interest.
*Represents the Congresswoman at meetings/events of assigned constituency
groups.
GENERAL DUTIES
*Drives and staffs the Congresswoman for various events, meetings and
district office
outreach activities/functions, as needed;
*Meets attendance requirements established by the office; works full-time
which
periodically, may include additional hours, nights, and weekends without
overtime pay;
works well under pressure and manages stress appropriately;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff and
constituents;
*Performs other duties as assigned by the District Director.
SKILLS & KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED
*Ability to perform Essential Job Functions referenced herein;
*Good organizational skills, professional manner and appearance;

Page 3 of 12

*Good communications skills (written and verbal); ability to communicate
effectively with
a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner;
*Knowledge of Microsoft Office suite; proficiency in word processing and
mail-merge;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Ability to drive a car – valid driver’s license.
WORKING CONDITIONS
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate;
*Work at a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE
*U.S. Citizen; office experience preferred; driver’s license;
*High school or GED required; college degree preferred.
Please send cover letter and resume to degette.employment@mail.house.gov
MEM-258-19

We are looking to expand the Member's visibility and outreach, resulting in a
need for highly diligent, confident candidates with substantial experience for
the role of Communications Director. Spanish speaking skills are also
important.
The position comes with great responsibility, as our Communications Director
is part of the senior staff for the Congressman and responsible for helping in
development and promotion of the Member's agenda. All aspects of
communications are covered, including but not limited to, televised press
conferences, statements to the press, speeches, radio addresses and social
media. Experience with graphic design is a plus. The selected individual will
also work closely with the entire office team to formulate consistent
messaging in district mail pieces, and our 499-program.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid vacation and
sick leave, parking or metro benefits, health insurance and retirement -- Plus
an awesome work environment! Anyone interested may send their
applications to CongressionalOpenJob@gmail.com

MEM-256-19

The Republican (Minority) staff of the House Committee on Veteran’s Affairs
is seeking a full-time press assistant in its Washington office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: drafting talking points, press
releases, speeches, and op-eds; managing the website; updating social media;
and compiling and monitoring press clips.

Page 4 of 12

The ideal candidate will possess strong written and verbal communication
skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, professionalism, and a
good sense of humor. Prior Capitol Hill experience and/ or military service
are a plus. Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume,
references, and three writing samples to var.resumes@mail.house.gov with
“Press Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-252-19

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative assistant with a background in law to join our
Washington, DC-based policy team. The legislative assistant will draft
legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy
matters, among other duties. The person will be expected to handle a diverse
portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-250-19

Midwestern Democratic Representative seeks a press secretary to join a fastpaced, communications-focused office. Responsibilities include producing
web graphics and videos for a variety of social media platforms, drafting
press releases and op-eds, and writing talking points for the Representative.
Applicants must be able to prioritize, meet rapid deadlines, and quickly digest
new legislative developments and details. Applicants should also have a
proven history of writing creative and original copy, and engaging followers.
Applicants must be able to work effectively in a fast-paced, collaborative
team.
Prior campaign or Hill experience required. To apply, please email resume,
cover letter and two writing samples to presshilljob@gmail.com
Deadline to apply is Friday, June 28.

Page 5 of 12

MEM-245-19

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester is seeking an in-district press &
digital media assistant to join an aggressive two-person communications
team. This position is based in Wilmington, Delaware. Responsibilities
include managing the Congresswoman’s website and social media accounts,
working collaboratively to generate creative and engaging content for digital
platforms, drafting talking points and advisories, and staffing the
Congresswoman and taking photos/videos at events.
Additionally, the press & digital media assistant will help draft and copy-edit
speeches and talking points for the Congresswoman for events in Delaware,
and the person in this role will report directly to the DC-based Press
Secretary, as well as senior staff. Prior press/digital experience; Hill or
campaign experience and familiarity with social media and graphic/video
design are strongly preferred.
Delaware ties a major plus. Strong written and oral communications skills, a
flexible schedule, access to a car, and a clean driving record are musts.
Interested candidates must submit a resume, one cover letter, two writing
samples, and two examples of social or digital media work samples to
lbr.jobposting@gmail.com by COB on June 25, 2019.

MEM-243-19

Southern California Democrat seeks District Director to oversee all
operations of the district offices, including the development and
implementation of policy objectives, strategies and operating plans, as well as
direct all activities and staff of the district offices. This position is responsible
for recruiting, hiring, training, and managing district staff and ensures that
district staff complies with office policies, practices, and procedures;
represents the Member and/or assigns appropriate staff to do so at events or
functions through the district as needed.
Responsibilities include strategizing, developing, and implementing district
communications and outreach plan for constituents, including casework
management. This individual also serves as the primary liaison between the
Congresswoman and constituents and special interest groups in the district;
and, acts as an advisor for the Congresswoman on local concerns, district
issues and politics, and other developments throughout the region.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of management experience, a
strong ability to provide necessary organization, leadership and motivation to
manage a Congressional office; excellent oral and written communication
skills; and thorough knowledge of the legislative process. The ideal candidate
is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing
to work long hours (including evenings and weekends) in a fast-paced and
demanding setting. Spanish fluency and Southern California ties are a plus.

Page 6 of 12

Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing
samples to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with just “District Director” in the
subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply.
MEM-239-19

The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis is seeking a mid-level
professional staff member or counsel to work on climate mitigation policy
for the Committee’s Democratic staff. Previous experience (at least three
years) working on climate mitigation and decarbonization policy is required.
Responsibilities include planning and staffing congressional hearings,
conducting in-depth analysis on policy options for deep decarbonization,
writing and editing, and communicating with stakeholders. Successful
candidates will be detail-oriented and possess strong communication and
writing skills. Advanced degree preferred but not required for all positions, as
experience in climate policy may be equally relevant.
Salary commensurate with skills and experience. Please send resume and
cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Counsel/Professional
Staff” in the subject line. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. No calls,
please.

MEM-238-19

Senior Democratic Texas Member seeks an experienced Communications
Director based in Washington, D.C. Congressional office. This position will
plan and execute a proactive earned media and digital constituent outreach
strategy. This is a senior staff role requiring a minimum of 3 years of previous
Hill or political communications experience.
The Communications Director will require a tremendous amount of writing,
and the aptitude to oversee all press and communications responsibilities.
Candidates should be proactive, detail-oriented and have demonstrated
experience in national, local, and digital media. This is not an entry-level
position.
Responsibilities Overview:
•Develop strong relationships with local/national media; know local TV
media markets, radio stations, and newspapers to elevate Member’s profile on
key issues
•Work closely with district team to plan messaging and plan local press
events in the district
•Develop and execute communications strategies for the office using best
practices

Page 7 of 12

•Write talking points, press releases, op-eds, speeches, and more
•Book and prepare member for interviews
•Produce a weekly communications report for the Congressman and provide
regular communications updates to staff
•Create and oversee digital communications outreach including e-newsletter,
website, and social media platforms
Necessary Qualities:
•Political savvy
•Exceptional self-starter
•Creative/forward thinking
•Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills
•Able to meet tight deadlines
•Detail oriented
•Team player
•Flexible schedule
Communications Director is expected to have a close working relationship
with the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s media team.
Dallas ties are preferred, but not necessary. Occasional district travel may be
necessary.
Equal Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals
and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply. Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and
three sample writings to TX30.Jobs@gmail.com “Communications Director”
in the subject line. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-235-19

Seeking an Executive Assistant/Scheduler for the DC office. This is not an
entry level position. The ideal candidate will be a seasoned, experienced
professional with the ability to manage all aspects of the Member’s DC and
district schedule, including travel arrangements and logistics. The Executive
Assistant/Scheduler will handle all incoming scheduling requests and
strategically manage the daily and long-term schedule to ensure efficient and
seamless operations.
Applicants should have a strong work ethic, ability to manage competing
demands, excellent time management and organization skills, and ability to
thrive in a fast-paced environment. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Please send cover letter and resume to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov

MEM-230-19

Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on
Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of Counsel in the Office of Advice
and Education. The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are

Page 8 of 12

responsible for reviewing financial disclosure statements, providing a high
volume of ethics advice, education, and training to Members of Congress and
their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written
work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members
of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates
must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive
matters that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government
ethics; ethics counseling and training; corporate finance; securities law;
employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the
workplace; and criminal law. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-228-19

The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking to immediately fill a
full-time job opening for an entry-level Staff Assistant based in her District
Office- Norwalk, CA
The Staff Assistant position is primarily charged with (but not limited to)
answering phones, greeting constituents and visitors, sorting incoming mail,
writing correspondence, and assisting the District Office staff with additional
tasks. Successful candidates will possess strong communication skills, the
ability to multitask, attention to detail, political instinct, the ability to
prioritize in a fast-paced environment. They must also work cooperatively and
courteously with others and have the temperament to communicate with a
variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
Caseworker: Casework responsibilities involve assisting constituents of the
38th Congressional District resolve problems with federal agencies or find the
appropriate state or local contact for non-federal issues. The candidate should
be persistent and detail-orientated, and put a priority on facilitating
resolutions and expediting priority requests. Knowledge of California state
and federal government agencies and experience in customer service will be
highly regarded.
Minimum Qualifications
*Office/administrative experience
*Strong organizations skills; attention to detail.
*Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with Microsoft

Page 9 of 12

Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
*Strong communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability to relate
well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; and impeccable customer
service manners.
*Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government agencies and
structure (county, state, and federal).
*Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be
able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects simultaneously, and
work under pressure.
*Candidates should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to
excellence, upbeat demeanor, flexibility, and sense of humor.
*Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college or
university with a
bachelor’s degree.
*Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.
To Apply
Interested applicants should submit their resume and cover letter via email to:
CA38Jobs@mail.house.gov Please indicate the title of the position in the
subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins accepted.
MEM-218-19

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced, creative and highly motivated Communications Director to
lead media and outreach efforts in her Washington, D.C. and Seattle, WA
offices.
An ideal candidate will:
•Work collaboratively with the Congresswoman and her senior leadership
team;
•Possess strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to work
effectively in a fast-paced setting under tight deadlines;
•Understand the digital media landscape and current digital trends, with
experience overseeing a digital/social media program;
•Think strategically and creatively;
•Have a strong record of advocating for progressive values;
•Be willing to work weekends and irregular hours.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Serve as the primary spokesperson for the Congresswoman;
•Develop strong relationships with local and national reporters, editors,
producers, bookers, and social media influencers;
•Proactively engage in media outreach, including pitching and fielding press
inquiries;
•Manage the development of press releases, speeches and op-eds;

Page 10 of 12

•Oversee a robust and aggressive online communications program;
•Supervise a Press Secretary and Digital Specialist;
•Prepare and staff the Congresswoman for district press events and media
interviews; and
•Work collaboratively with the District Office to ensure a strong local/state
media presence.
This is a very senior level position, and a minimum of two years of
communications experience as a press secretary or communications director is
required. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans,
people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities
are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
three writing samples (including one speech) and three references.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Communications Director” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-217-19

Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke is hiring a Communications Director to
work in her Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include
communications planning and press strategy for D.C. and the district; drafting
press materials including: remarks, talking points, newsletters, statements,
press releases, and media advisories; pitching media events; assisting with the
management of the Congresswoman’s social media accounts; interview
preparation; and overseeing the office’s franked mail and digital programs.
The ideal candidate is a strong writer, politically savvy, detail-oriented,
flexible, creative, and a self-starter. Occasional travel to the district and nontraditional hours - including night and weekend work - should be expected.
Strong ties to New York press preferred. Interested candidates should send a
cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
ResumeNY@mail.house.gov and include “Communications Director” in the
subject line.

MEM-216-19

Congresswoman Jackie Speier seeks a proactive, strategic, and communityoriented individual with casework and outreach experience for the position of
Caseworker/Field Representative in her San Mateo district office.
Primary Responsibilities:
•Handle constituent requests and casework on behalf of constituents with
applicable federal agencies.
•Work closely with other caseworkers and legislative staff on constituent
services and outreach efforts.

Page 11 of 12

•Establish and maintain relationships with local organizations, community
leaders, and elected officials in the district.
•Keep track of key issues in the communities and develop outreach efforts
and course of action to Member relative to issue work.
•Assist with events and other activities.
•Staff the Member at meetings and events or attend on behalf of the
Congresswoman.
•Conduct research, draft memos and letters for constituent outreach and
Member support.
•Availability to work night and/or weekends as necessary to attend events and
community meetings.
•Provide administrative assistance as needed, including answering phones,
writing correspondence, and greeting constituents.
Qualifications
•B.A. or equivalent degree.
•Experience working in a fast-paced environment.
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
•Must have car and valid driver’s license; you will receive mileage
reimbursement for travel to and from work-related events and meetings.
Preferred Qualifications
•Familiarity with 14th Congressional District.
•Experience working for an elected official in a fast-paced environment.
•Ability to multi-task various projects that require attention to detail and work
well with others under pressure.
•Proficient in a second language, preferably Chinese or Spanish.
Compensation and Benefits
•Pay is commensurate with experience.
•Health, dental, vision, transit, retirement and life-insurance benefits
available.
•Federal student loan repayment program available, if eligible.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and writing sample
(2-3 pages) to: CA14Jobs@mail.house.gov

Page 12 of 12

