House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 20, 2019

MEM-223-19

Senior Georgia member seeks a Scheduler/Office Manager for his
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include managing and maintaining
the Member’s daily and long-term calendar in D.C., working with a variety of
stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between commitments, ensure the
Member is provided with briefing materials for each event and meeting, and
performing other duties as required. Responsibilities also include office
management. This includes making sure supplies are ordered, being point
person for vouchers, invoices, payments, disclosures, travel and ethics
documents. Capitol Hill and/or executive assistant experience preferred.
Georgia ties ae a plus.
The ideal candidate would be detail-oriented, able to juggle multiple tasks at
once, have excellent interpersonal skills, be a problem solver, and have a
sense of humor when the entire day’s work goes up in smoke on a moment’s
notice! Position can involve long hours and availability by phone on
weekends and evenings.

Page 1 of 14

Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume to
costochj@gmail.com. No drop-ins or phone calls please.
MEM-221-19

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and
hardworking Staff Assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The staff assistant will be responsible for answering phones, processing mail,
assisting with constituent requests for information, coordinating tours,
drafting correspondence, and other administrative duties and projects as
needed. The person also will handle some light press assistant duties,
including compiling press clips, monitoring media, drafting e-newsletters and
press releases, updating the website, and fielding some media inquiries.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, and committed to
individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The applicant must possess excellent communication and time-management
skills, the ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to
work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "staff assistant applicant" in the subject
line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-220-19

Senior Texas Republican is seeking a Senior Legislative Assistant for their
Washington office. Ideal candidates will have 2-3 years of legislative
experience, excellent writing and organizational skills, strong attention to
detail, and familiarity with the appropriations process. Among other things,
responsibilities will include briefing the representative, tracking
legislation/monitoring the floor, collaborating with the rest of the legislative
staff on policy ideas, staffing the representative at meetings and events, and
meeting with outside groups and constituents. Texas ties are preferred.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and
references to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov

MEM-218-19

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced, creative and highly motivated Communications Director to
lead media and outreach efforts in her Washington, D.C. and Seattle, WA
offices.
An ideal candidate will:
•Work collaboratively with the Congresswoman and her senior leadership
team;
•Possess strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to work

Page 2 of 14

effectively in a fast-paced setting under tight deadlines;
•Understand the digital media landscape and current digital trends, with
experience overseeing a digital/social media program;
•Think strategically and creatively;
•Have a strong record of advocating for progressive values;
•Be willing to work weekends and irregular hours.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Serve as the primary spokesperson for the Congresswoman;
•Develop strong relationships with local and national reporters, editors,
producers, bookers, and social media influencers;
•Proactively engage in media outreach, including pitching and fielding press
inquiries;
•Manage the development of press releases, speeches and op-eds;
•Oversee a robust and aggressive online communications program;
•Supervise a Press Secretary and Digital Specialist;
•Prepare and staff the Congresswoman for district press events and media
interviews; and
•Work collaboratively with the District Office to ensure a strong local/state
media presence.
This is a very senior level position, and a minimum of two years of
communications experience as a press secretary or communications director is
required. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans,
people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities
are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
three writing samples (including one speech) and three references.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Communications Director” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-217-19

Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke is hiring a Communications Director to
work in her Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include
communications planning and press strategy for D.C. and the district; drafting
press materials including: remarks, talking points, newsletters, statements,
press releases, and media advisories; pitching media events; assisting with the
management of the Congresswoman’s social media accounts; interview
preparation; and overseeing the office’s franked mail and digital programs.
The ideal candidate is a strong writer, politically savvy, detail-oriented,
flexible, creative, and a self-starter. Occasional travel to the district and nontraditional hours - including night and weekend work - should be expected.

Page 3 of 14

Strong ties to New York press preferred. Interested candidates should send a
cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
ResumeNY@mail.house.gov and include “Communications Director” in the
subject line.
MEM-216-19

Congresswoman Jackie Speier seeks a proactive, strategic, and communityoriented individual with casework and outreach experience for the position of
Caseworker/Field Representative in her San Mateo district office.
Primary Responsibilities:
•Handle constituent requests and casework on behalf of constituents with
applicable federal agencies.
•Work closely with other caseworkers and legislative staff on constituent
services and outreach efforts.
•Establish and maintain relationships with local organizations, community
leaders, and elected officials in the district.
•Keep track of key issues in the communities and develop outreach efforts
and course of action to Member relative to issue work.
•Assist with events and other activities.
•Staff the Member at meetings and events or attend on behalf of the
Congresswoman.
•Conduct research, draft memos and letters for constituent outreach and
Member support.
•Availability to work night and/or weekends as necessary to attend events and
community meetings.
•Provide administrative assistance as needed, including answering phones,
writing correspondence, and greeting constituents.
Qualifications
•B.A. or equivalent degree.
•Experience working in a fast-paced environment.
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
•Must have car and valid driver’s license; you will receive mileage
reimbursement for travel to and from work-related events and meetings.
Preferred Qualifications
•Familiarity with 14th Congressional District.
•Experience working for an elected official in a fast-paced environment.
•Ability to multi-task various projects that require attention to detail and work
well with others under pressure.
•Proficient in a second language, preferably Chinese or Spanish.
Compensation and Benefits
•Pay is commensurate with experience.
•Health, dental, vision, transit, retirement and life-insurance benefits
available.
•Federal student loan repayment program available, if eligible.

Page 4 of 14

Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and writing sample
(2-3 pages) to: CA14Jobs@mail.house.gov
MEM-215-19

Senior Member on Appropriations looking for Communications Director.
Candidates should have Hill experience, strong writing skills and experience
working with the media. Salary commensurate with experience. Interested
applicants should send their cover letter, resume and writing samples to
TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov.

MEM-213-19

Active Ways and Means Democrat seeks an experienced Communications
Director to lead national and local media and outreach efforts. This position
will be based in the Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include writing a
broad array of speeches, drafting press releases and op-eds, and maintaining
relationships with local and national press. The Communications Director is
also responsible for producing a weekly newsletter and managing all digital
accounts.
This is not an entry level position and qualified candidates must have at least
two years of relevant experience. Applicants must demonstrate an ability to
work well with a team in a small, fast-paced environment while maintaining a
sense of humor. To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and three
writing samples to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com. No calls or drop-ins,
please.

MEM-212-19

Rep. Elijah Cummings, the Chairman of the Committee on Oversight and
Reform in the U.S. House of Representatives, is seeking an Investigative
Counsel on the Democratic staff.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of litigation
experience, a demonstrated commitment to civil rights and social justice, and
a background in anti- discrimination employment, whistleblower protection,
and retaliation laws.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, whistleblower
interviews, briefings, and congressional hearings. Candidates must have
superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and
possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Investigative Counsel” in the subject line. No unsolicited calls, emails, or
drop-ins, please.

Page 5 of 14

MEM-211-19

Southern California Democrat seeks District Director to oversee all
operations of the district offices, including the development and
implementation of policy objectives, strategies and operating plans, as well as
direct all activities and staff of the district offices. This position is responsible
for recruiting, hiring, training, and managing district staff and ensures that
district staff complies with office policies, practices, and procedures;
represents the Member and/or assigns appropriate staff to do so at events or
functions through the district as needed.
Responsibilities include strategizing, developing, and implementing district
communications and outreach plan for constituents, including casework
management. This individual also serves as the primary liaison between the
Congresswoman and constituents and special interest groups in the district;
and, acts as an advisor for the Congresswoman on local concerns, district
issues and politics, and other developments throughout the region.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of management experience, a
strong ability to provide necessary organization, leadership and motivation to
manage a Congressional office; excellent oral and written communication
skills; and thorough knowledge of the legislative process. The ideal candidate
is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing
to work long hours (including evenings and weekends) in a fast-paced and
demanding setting. Spanish fluency and Southern California ties are a plus.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing
samples to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with just “District Director” in the
subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply.

MEM-210-19

New York Democrat seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include managing and maintaining
the Member’s daily and long term calendar in D.C., working with other team
members to balance the Member’s time between commitments, ensure the
Member is provided with briefing materials for each event/meeting, and
performing other duties as necessary. Responsibilities also include reviewing
meeting requests, arranging travel to/from Washington, DC, general
administrative tasks and assisting on some legislative issues.
Capitol Hill and/or executive assistant experience for an elected official
preferred. New York ties are a plus.
The ideal candidate would be a proactive self-starter, detail-oriented, able to

Page 6 of 14

juggle multiple tasks at once, have excellent oral, written and interpersonal
skills, be a problem solver, and most importantly have a sense of humor.
Position can involve work at night and on weekends.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume to
ny03.resumes@gmail.com and list “Scheduler” in the subject.
MEM-209-19

The Office of Congressman G. K. Butterfield (D-NC) seeks a Legislative
Director to join the Washington, DC office. The Legislative Director is
responsible for managing the legislative team, advancing the Member’s
legislative agenda and monitoring legislative developments.
Additional responsibilities include staffing the Member to issue-related
events, representing the Member on their behalf, and other committee-related
duties. This position also assists with miscellaneous administrative and
legislative tasks at the request of the Chief of Staff or the Congressman.
Any interested candidate must be an excellent writer, a strong leader, detailoriented, politically savvy, have a demonstrated interest in legislative issues,
ability to manage multiple and competing tasks, and have excellent
organizational and proofreading skills.
North Carolina ties, Capitol Hill experience, and experience using Intranet
Quorum (IQ) are preferred, but not required.
Any interested applicant should be a team player.
Applicants should submit their resume, cover letter and two work product
samples here. (https://airtable.com/shrQ5JXSksDZcCk5Z)

MEM-208-19

Multi-term Republican Member of Congress seeks an experienced
Legislative Director to manage a legislative team in developing,
implementing, and advancing all aspects of a congressional legislative
agenda.
New staffers and entry-level job seekers should not apply – this is a seniorlevel position with a minimum of 3-5 years of Hill experience required for
consideration. The Member is searching for a professional go-getter with
demonstrable experience in developing and managing a legislative agenda
and achieving results in the Congress. Previous leadership/management
experience, knowledge of the House legislative rules and procedures, skillset
to succinctly summarize complex issues and make vote recommendations,
excellent organization and communication skills, the ability to work under
pressure and meet deadlines, and flexibility with priorities required.

Page 7 of 14

Only seasoned, experienced candidates will be considered, and southeastern
US connections are considered a bonus.
For consideration, send a cover letter and resume to
goplegdirectoropportunity@gmail.com
MEM-207-19

Congressman Chuck Fleischmann is seeking a District Director based in his
Chattanooga, TN office. The District Director will oversee the management
and operation of the district office, serve as a key liaison to local
organizations and elected officials, develop and implement long-term
strategic outreach plans, and manage and participate in the office’s constituent
services efforts.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate management experience, a deep
understanding of how to create and maintain a culture of exceptional service,
strong oral and written communications skills, and strategic planning abilities.
The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under pressure, and
the flexibility to work long hours, including nights and weekends. Ties to the
3rd Congressional District and Tennessee are preferred but not essential.
To apply for the District Director position, please send cover letter and
resume to tngopapplications@gmail.com with “District Director” in the
subject line. Salary commensurate with experience. This is NOT an entrylevel position. No phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-205-19

Legislative Assistant
Healthcare and Women’s Issues
The office of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz is seeking a
Legislative Assistant to oversee Healthcare and Women’s issues as well as
other all other relevant legislative and policy work.
This position reports to the Legislative Director and responsibilities include
advising the Member on all matters in the issue portfolio; developing and
advancing legislative proposals; analyzing legislation and drafting vote
recommendations; drafting talking points for floor and committee
proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; representing the
Member before constituents and stakeholders. This position also works
closely with the Appropriations Director on handling all Labor HHS
Appropriations related work.
The ideal candidate will have a law or advanced degree; significant
experience health care policy and women’s issues; experience advising a
Member of Congress; experience advancing policy proposals; excellent

Page 8 of 14

written and verbal communication skills; and enjoy working in a fast-paced,
collaborative environment. Prior work in another Congressional or Senate
office with Florida ties is a major plus.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to
FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Health/Women.” Please
save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file
“Last name, First name.” This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability,
national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or
expression. Application materials must be received by 12:00pm EST May 15,
2019.
MEM-204-19

Southern California Democrat seeks experienced Communications Director
for Washington, DC office to plan and execute a proactive and aggressive
earned media and digital media outreach strategy.
Responsibilities include maintaining relationships with reporters, organizing
and replying to inquiries, and proactively pitching stories; drafting and editing
press releases, social media, op-eds, talking points, newsletters, mailers, and
speeches; overseeing digital outreach, including social media, videos, enewsletters, and the website; and managing and collaborating with the current
digital press secretary.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of political communications
experience, a strong history of drafting all forms of communications
materials, and a track record of successfully pitching both national and local
media outlets. The ideal candidate is creative, energetic, detail-oriented, able
to multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fast-paced
and demanding setting. Spanish fluency and Southern California ties are a
plus.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing
samples to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with just “Communications Director”
in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply.

MEM-203-19

Democratic House member from seeks pro-active, experienced
Communications Director to develop and implement strategic media plan in
a fast-paced and results -driven environment. Must have proven track-record,
and ability to manage website and social media tools. Outstanding writing
skills and strong pitching skills are required. This is not an entry level

Page 9 of 14

position. Qualified candidates should submit resume and cover letter to
commstaffer@gmail.com
MEM-200-19

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced, creative and highly motivated Communications Director to
lead media and outreach efforts in her Washington, D.C. and Seattle, WA
offices.
An ideal candidate will:
•Work collaboratively with the Congresswoman and her senior leadership
team;
•Possess strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to work
effectively in a fast-paced setting under tight deadlines;
•Understand the digital media landscape and current digital trends, with
experience overseeing a digital/social media program;
•Think strategically and creatively;
•Have a strong record of advocating for progressive values;
•Be willing to work weekends and irregular hours.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Serve as the primary spokesperson for the Congresswoman;
•Develop strong relationships with local and national reporters, editors,
producers, bookers, and social media influencers;
•Proactively engage in media outreach, including pitching and fielding press
inquiries;
•Manage the development of press releases, speeches and op-eds;
•Oversee a robust and aggressive online communications program;
•Supervise a Press Secretary and Digital Specialist;
•Prepare and staff the Congresswoman for district press events and media
interviews; and
•Work collaboratively with the District Office to ensure a strong local/state
media presence.
This is a very senior level position, and a minimum of two years of
communications experience as a press secretary or communications director is
required. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans,
people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities
are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
three writing samples (including one speech) and three references.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Communications Director” in the subject line by COB Friday, May 10th. No
calls or drop-ins please.

Page 10 of 14

MEM-199-19

New York Democrat seeks an Operations Manager/Executive Assistant for
their district office. Responsibilities include managing the Member’s
schedule, travel plans and related events in the district. Duties also include
managing the internship program and other office operations including office
equipment and supplies, required reporting, and assisting with personnel
tracking, as well as fielding requests of the Member with staff and the public.
This is an entry to mid-level position in a fast-paced office that frequently
requires non-traditional work hours. Qualified applicants should have prior
professional office experience. The Operations Manager/Executive Assistant
will report to the Chief of Staff and District Director. Ties to Brooklyn is a
plus. This position is based in the local Brooklyn, NY office.
This is a permanent, full-time position. Qualified applicants should send a
cover letter, and resume to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please place
OPERATIONS MANAGER/EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT in the subject line.
NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.

MEM-198-19

New York Democrat seeks a Director of Outreach and Community
Engagement for their district office. Responsibilities include building
strategic relationships with community leaders and constituent groups,
executing various outreach activities, and recruiting volunteers for events and
outreach programs in the district. Duties also include coordinating initiatives
designed to promote the office and services to the community, managing an
outreach and organizing plan for the team, and any other assigned duties.
Candidates should possess excellent organization, leadership, teamwork, and
management skills, as well as verbal and written communication skills. The
Director of Outreach and Community Engagement will report to the Chief of
Staff and District Director. Ties to Brooklyn, a proven management record,
and a minimum of three years of related experience are required. This
position is based in the local Brooklyn, NY office.
This is a permanent, full-time position. Qualified applicants should send a
cover letter, and resume to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please place
DIRECTOR OF OUTREACH AND COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT in the
subject line.
NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.

MEM-196-19

Title: Professional Staff Member, Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations

Page 11 of 14

House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations (Democratic Staff) seeks a Professional Staff Member to join a
small team of oversight and investigative staff. This is not an entry level
position.
Qualified candidates will have strong research, writing, and communications
skills with a demonstrated ability to work on a team, generate ideas, and
develop an investigation strategy. Candidates will have experience in
congressional investigations/oversight, relevant legal experience, or
investigative journalism.
Exceptional candidates will have strong knowledge, experience, and skills
with any of the following (though not necessarily all):
•Department of Veterans Affairs policies, operations, and benefits programs;
•Congressional oversight of federal programs;
•Investigations of waste, fraud, and abuse;
•Data analysis, especially ability to manipulate and examine financial data;
•Working with whistleblowers;
•Questioning and deposing witnesses
•Subpoena of agency documents.
Salary will be commensurate with experience, and likely within the range of
$90,000 - $110,000.
Diverse candidates and veterans are highly encouraged to apply. This job
description accurately reflects the job duties of the employee who has been
determined to be of an exempt status in compliance with the Fair Labor
Standards Act.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and a writing sample of no more
than three pages to hvactransition@gmail.com
MEM-195-19

The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a DC Scheduler with
strong organizational and communication skills.
Responsibilities will include maintaining the Member’s schedule for the
Washington D.C. office, organizing, evaluating and tracking invitations and
scheduling requests, and coordinating some travel arrangements. In addition,
the scheduler will be responsible for coordinating the Member’s personal
correspondence, arranging and/or providing surface transportation for the
Member in DC, communicating key information regarding the Member’s
schedule to staff, and other tasks as assigned by the Chief of Staff/Legislative
Director.

Page 12 of 14

We are seeking applicants to join our fun, team-oriented, hard-working office.
The ideal candidate will possess a can-do attitude and be process and solution
oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter and will
possess the capacity to produce high quality work on short deadlines. He or
she will also have a demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with
colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work environment.
This is not an entry level position. The selected applicant will be expected to
operate in a fast-paced office and require dedication, close attention to detail,
and the ability to think outside the box. Non-traditional work hours,
occasional travel are required. Veteran applications are welcome!
Please do not call or drop in to the office, qualified applicants may email a
cover letter, resume and two writing samples with “Scheduler” in the email
title to: hi02jobs@gmail.com
MEM-194-19

California Democrat and Member on the Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee seeks Legislative Assistant to handle transportation policy along
with a diverse portfolio of issues. Candidates should have excellent research,
writing, and communication skills. Duties include identifying and advancing
policy proposals, committee hearing and mark-up preparation, meetings with
stakeholders, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Successful
candidates should possess strong interpersonal skills and a willingness to
work in a team environment.
This is not an entry level position and prior legislative experience on Capitol
Hill is preferred. Office is an equal opportunity employer.
Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
to CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.

MEM-193-19

Southern Democratic Member of Congress is seeking an experienced and
enthusiastic Deputy Chief of Staff to help manage the day-to-day operations
and to serve as a top advisor on key issues.
Ideal candidate will have at least 5 years of Capitol Hill experience.
Candidates should possess a strong understanding of the legislative process,
including House organization and procedures, excellent written and oral
communication skills, and editing abilities. Applicants must also demonstrate
an ability to manage and mentor staff, think strategically, and have experience
in formulating strategic plans for advancing legislation.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to nchousejobs@gmail.com with “Deputy Chief of Staff” in the

Page 13 of 14

Subject Line. No phone calls or drop-ins please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or expression, or
sexual orientation.
MEM-190-19

Progressive Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent.
Duties include processing flag and tour requests and management of an active
constituent correspondence program with short turnaround times. Candidates
should have excellent writing and research skills, be self-starters, and have
strong organizational and time management skills. Previous Hill experience
strongly preferred. This office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly
encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please send resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
StaffAstLegCorr@gmail.com

MEM-176-19

Senior Rocky Mountain Democrat is seeking a Legislative Assistant to
manage a very active health care portfolio, including the Member’s leadership
of two high-profile caucuses. Candidates should have at least three years of
experience developing and implementing legislative strategies in a
Congressional office. Strong research, writing, and negotiation skills are
essential. An advanced degree in a health field is preferred. The ideal
candidate will be creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be
able to have fun while maintaining a busy schedule. Interested applicants
should send a cover letter and resume to rockymountainhealthla@gmail.com

MEM-168-19

The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks a full-time Digital
Production Specialist to support the Committee’s Democratic staff.
Candidates should have at least two years of experience generating graphics,
video and social media content. Responsibilities include conceiving,
developing and publishing online video and graphics, updating the
committee’s website, and maintaining the committee’s presence on major
social media platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Youtube.
Fluency in Spanish and participation in climate or other justice-based
movements is a plus.
Salary commensurate with skills and experience. Please email a cover letter
with links to an online resume or LinkedIn profile as well as a portfolio of
your work to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Digital Production
Specialist” in the subject line. The committee is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.

Page 14 of 14

