House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 14, 2017

MEM-286-17

Ohio Republican Congressman Dave Joyce seeks an organized and motivated
Communications Director. Excellent analytical, communication and writing
skills are required. Duties include developing and expressing the Member’s
message through multiple media platforms. The Communications Director is
also responsible for the Member’s e-newsletter, writing floor speeches and
press releases. Interested candidates should email his or her resume to
OH14Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-284-17

Communications Director
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to manage and coordinate all communications activities, including
media contacts, for the Member and the office.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• previous Capitol Hill and organizing/campaign experience, extensive
national media contacts, and background working with both print and
electronic media;
Page 1 of 9

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
strong oral communication skills;
understanding of print and broadcast media;
thorough knowledge of legislative process;
knowledge of current issues and events in which the Member is
involved;
ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the
representation of the Member's positions on policy issues;
availability to work long hours;
ability to work well under pressure; and
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.

DUTIES:
• acts as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• planning and executing media strategy, pitching stories, booking
interviews, running social media channels, designing graphics, editing
We the Podcast, conceiving videos, and writing press releases, op-eds,
and talking points for the Member;
• remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about
which the Member may be questioned;
• evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the
nation for their impact on the Member;
• provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's
actions and legislative activities;
• writes speeches for the Member; and
• performs other duties as assigned.
No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please. Qualified candidates should submit a
cover letter, resume and two writing samples to
Position.MN05@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director
Application” in the Subject Line.
MEM-275-17

Progressive Midwest Congressman seeks a Press Secretary for the DC
office. Ideal candidate is a proactive, highly motivated, and detail-orientated
individual with excellent written and oral communications skills, experienced
in digital media and graphic design and able to identify opportunities to
promote the Congressman’s work while handling multiple tasks in a fastpaced collaborative environment. Prior Hill or campaign press experience
preferred.
Daily tasks include managing member’s social media platforms and website;
graphic design projects; video filming and editing; drafting releases,
newsletters and advisories; developing relationships and serving as the point-

Page 2 of 9

of-contact for local and national press; pitching potential stories; and staffing
the Congressman for interviews and events.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing
samples (not to exceed one page each), and an example of previous digital
media or graphic design projects to Hire@mail.house.gov with “Press
Secretary” in the subject line by COB August 31, 2017. No phone calls, faxes
or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity, or expression, or sexual orientation.

MEM-274-17

Congressman Jimmy Gomez is seeking to immediately fill a full-time job
opening for a Field Deputy position in his district office.
Position Description
The Field Deputy serves as the congressman’s liaison with the community,
local organizations and government agencies; staff and/or represent the
congressman at events; advise the congressman about local issues; help
organize community based meetings and events; implement proactive
constituent outreach program; prepare Member for speeches and meetings;
draft correspondence.
This position requires work hours beyond the normal 8-hour work day and
will include work on weekends and holidays.
Qualifications
• Strong written, communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability
to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer
service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
• Minimum two (2) years of experience working directly with the community
at large.
• Knowledge of the Asian Pacific Islander communities a plus.
• Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with Microsoft
Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
• Bachelor’s degree required.
• Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government agencies and
structure (local, county, state and federal).
• Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be
able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects simultaneously and
work under pressure.
• Attention to detail and accuracy is essential.

Page 3 of 9

• Candidate should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to excellence,
upbeat demeanor and flexibility.
• Candidate should expect weekend, some holidays, and after-hours
assignments.
• Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.
• Bilingual skills a plus.
To apply
All interested individuals should email a cover letter and resume to
Gomez.CAjobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
MEM-273-17

Congressman Jimmy Gomez is seeking to immediately fill a full-time job
opening for a Staff Assistant position in his district office.
Position Description
As the primary administrative staff member in the District Office, Staff
Assistant duties include (but are not limited to): answer phones; handle mail
and faxes; greet and direct visitors; maintain order and efficiency of front and
back offices; order supplies; organize office files; coordinate vendor service
needs; research the status of some legislation; draft some correspondence.
Work on special projects as needed. In the absence of the District Scheduler,
the Staff Assistant will serve as back-up and help facilitate any scheduling
requests.
Casework duties include (but are not limited to): Assist constituents with their
individual cases pertaining to federal agencies. As the “front-line”
caseworker, help constituents with non-federal questions to find appropriate
resources.
This position may require work on weekends and holidays.
Qualifications
• Strong written, communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability
to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer
service manners.
• Bachelor’s degree required.
• Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with Microsoft
Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
• Candidate must have an understanding of government agencies and structure
(local, county, state and federal).
• Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be
able to meet strict deadlines and balance multiple projects. Attention to detail
and accuracy is essential.
• Candidate should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to excellence,
upbeat demeanor and flexibility.
Page 4 of 9

• Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.
• Bilingual skills a plus.
To apply
All interested individuals should email a cover letter and resume to
Gomez.CAjobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
MEM-272-17

TITLE: Press Secretary
REPORTS TO: Member, Chief of Staff and Communications Director
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to manage and coordinate all communications activities, including
media contacts, for the Member and the office.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• at least 1 year of congressional experience;
• strong academic credentials;
• strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
• strong oral communication skills;
• understanding of print and broadcast media;
• thorough knowledge of legislative process;
• knowledge of current issues and events in which the Member is
involved;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the
representation of the Member's positions on policy issues;
• availability to work long hours;
• ability to work well under pressure; and
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
DUTIES:
• acts as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• develops and implements media and communications strategy for the
Member;
• remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about
which the Member may be questioned;
• evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the
nation for their impact on the Member;
• provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's
actions and legislative activities;
• writes speeches for the Member; and
• performs other duties as assigned.
All interested applicants should send their resumes to
Position.MN05@mail.house.gov.

Page 5 of 9

MEM-271-17

Congressman Brad Sherman seeks Counsel or Legal Fellow to focus on a
wide-ranging set of legal issues including financial services law,
constitutional law, particularly Congressional checks on executive power,
Administrative law, House rules and procedure, and other legal issues. The
ideal candidate would have an outstanding academic background and
familiarity with Congress. JD required. Salary commensurate with
experience. Send cover letter and resume to
HouseCounsel2017@gmail.com..

MEM-267-17

GOP Congressman seeks detail-oriented Press Secretary with advanced
writing skills to manage and coordinate all communications activities,
including media contacts. Responsibilities include writing press releases and
op-eds, responding to press inquiries, newsletter production, and maintaining
member website and social media accounts. Ability to quickly grasp issues
and take proactive approach to media relations required. Virginia ties and
previous Hill experience of at least two years preferred. To apply, please
email resume with cover letter, two writing samples, and three references to
GOPApplicant@gmail.com..

MEM-266-17

Republican office seeks an experienced Communications Director who will
be responsible for planning and executing a proactive and aggressive media
strategy with a heavy emphasis on innovation and social media. Candidates
should have political communications experience and possess excellent
writing skills, a sense of humor, creativity, highly energetic, politically astute
and able to work well in a high pressure, fast-paced environment. Applicants
should have a strong history of drafting all forms of communications
materials with no less than three years of political/communications
experience. Responsibilities include serving as spokesperson, drafting press
releases and advisories, op-eds, speeches, newsletters, and talking
points. Background in video editing, graphic design, and website
maintenance a must. Virginia ties and previous experience on Capitol Hill
preferred. Qualified applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, three
references, two published pieces (to include any outlet with quotes or
information attributed directly to the candidate for this position, not their
boss), and two writing samples to GOPApplicant@gmail.com.

MEM-260-17

Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is seeking a pro-active, hard-working
and tech-savvy individual to serve as Press Secretary and Digital Director
in his Washington, D.C. office. Ideal candidates will have experience running
a comprehensive digital media program including Facebook, Twitter, and
proactive email. Candidates should be organized, create and self-motivated
and must also have the ability to create original content including graphics
and videos. Candidates must also have strong oral and written communication
skills and be able to work effectively alongside the Communications Director.

Page 6 of 9

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, writing talking points; drafting
press releases; managing website and social media accounts; creating enewsletters and franked mailings; planning press conferences and in-district
events; creating graphics and media presentations, and developing and
implementing media, communications, and digital strategies.
The ideal candidate will have at least 1-2 years of communications experience
with significant digital experience. This is not an entry level position. People
from all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
with the subject line “Press Secretary job opening” to
newyorkresumes@mail.house.gov. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-256-17

Democratic House Member seeks a Staff Assistant for Washington, D.C.
office.
Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering the telephone, scheduling
tours and responding to constituent requests for general information and other
inquiries. This position also monitors delivery and pickup of materials,
maintains the front office, and assists with various administrative duties. The
staff assistant also helps manage the intern program. Please send cover letter
and resume to castaffassistant1996@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins
please.

MEM-243-17

Democratic Member of Congress from North Carolina seeks a Legislative
Director for D.C. Office. This individual is responsible for drafting
legislation and amendments, tracking legislation, developing legislative
initiatives, writing speeches and floor statements, staffing the Member in
Committee, and representing the Member in meetings with constituents and
interested parties. Applicants should have excellent written and verbal
communication skills, work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment,
be a strong team player, and have at least two years of legislative experience
on Capitol Hill. Ties to North Carolina are a plus. Qualified applicants should
send a cover letter, resume, and two brief writing samples along with three
references to nchousejobs@gmail.com. No drop-ins or phone calls. The office
is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-223-17

The Office of Congressman Paul D. Tonko (NY-20) seeks an enthusiastic,
motivated, and highly organized Congressional Aide to be based out of its
Albany, NY office. This is an entry-level position with regular evening and
weekend duties, and an annual base salary of approximately $30,000.
The Congressional Aide’s responsibilities will include staffing the
Congressman, coordinating some of the District Office’s outreach efforts,
especially its Mobile Office Hours program, supporting social media efforts,
Page 7 of 9

and providing some administrative support to the Congressman’s scheduling
operation. Applicant must have a great sense of humor, strong writing skills,
the ability to learn quickly, and a solid team mentality. Finally, a valid driver’s
license with daily access to a vehicle and good driving record are required.
This is an entry level position. The Office of Congressman Paul D. Tonko is
an equal opportunity employer. Interested individuals should email a cover
letter, résumé, and a writing sample of no less than one (1) page and no more
than five (5) pages to NY20jobs@mail.house.gov with “Team Tonko” in the
subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
The deadline for submissions is Tuesday, August 8, 2017. Cover letters
should be addressed to:
Congressman Paul D. Tonko
19 Dove Street
Suite 302
Albany, NY 12210
MEM-205-17

The Office of Congressman Brian Mast is seeking a Press
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent who excels at filming and editing
videos. In addition to being a strong writer, the ideal candidate will also have
experience with graphic design, social media and basic HTML. Press
responsibilities will include filming/editing videos, posting to social media,
photographing events, writing/producing newsletters, maintaining the
website, speech writing, and other responsibilities as assigned. Legislative
responsibilities will include drafting constituent mail and researching policy
issues. To apply, please send resume and work samples to
brianmastpress@gmail.com.

MEM-203-17

Rep. Al Green seeks a Scheduler/Office Manager for his Washington, DC
Office. Responsibilities include developing and managing the Member’s daily
schedule and travel arrangements; organizing the Member’s daily briefing
materials; occasionally driving the Member to events, evaluating all incoming
invitations and meeting requests; communicating with constituents by phone
and email quickly to address requests, concerns, and questions; maintaining
office records and office supplies; serving as the emergency office
coordinator; and performing other duties as required.
Applicants must have superior organizational skills, strong written and
communication skills, poise and ability to thrive in a fast paced environment.
The Scheduler/Office Manager will work closely with the Member and Chief
of Staff as well as other DC and District staff to coordinate the Member’s
short-term and long-term schedule. Previous scheduling and/ or Capitol Hill
experience is highly desirable; Texas ties are a plus.

Page 8 of 9

The position involves long hours and availability by phone on weekends and
evenings. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-200-17

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties
include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of
committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up
committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with
accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve
all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan
activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a
professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in
Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously
with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and
requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects. This is an
entry level position with a starting salary of $30,000 per year. Please email
cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE.

Page 9 of 9

