+

House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 10, 2020

MEM-049-20

Description: Republican Congressman from Ohio seeks a legislative
correspondent for the Washington, DC office. The successful candidate will
be an effective writer and researcher and be able to support the legislative
team as needed.
Candidates should have good communication skills, experience with
managing constituent mail systems, and perform well in a fast pace work
environment. Previous Hill experience and Ohio ties are a plus.
Interested candidates should submit writing samples and resume to
midwestern.job@mail.house.gov.

MEM-045-20

The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski seeks a Caseworker based in
Somerville, NJ to manage their immigration casework and other issues areas
as assigned.
This is a public facing position, directly assisting constituents of New Jersey’s
7th Congressional District. Applicants must possess the temperament to
communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner. Conversational Spanish is strongly preferred.
Page 1 of 11

Essential Job Functions:
oActs as the representative for the Congressman within their areas of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a
liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
oPrepares periodic reports for the District Director and Chief of Staff on
pending cases and district activities in their assigned issue areas;
oContinually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to
ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
oMaintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
oAssesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the Legislative Director.
oScreens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
oStaffing the Congressman at events in the district and serving as support
staff for events put on by the office.
oPerforms other duties as assigned.
Skills and Knowledge Required:
oThorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
oKnowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman
is involved;
oProfessional telephone manner;
oAbility to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
oThoroughness and careful attention to detail;
oAbility to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
Applicant must be willing to works a flexible schedule including some
evenings and weekends. 1-2 years of work experience required. Starting
salary for this position is $40,000. Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ
persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
Resumesnj07@gmail.com with the subject line “NJ07 Caseworker.” No
phone calls or walk-ins.
Deadline to apply February 17th, 2020
MEM-043-20

The office of Congressman Tom Malinowski seeks a
Communications/Digital Assistant to join their DC Office.
Communications responsibilities include:
• Drafting press releases
• Responding to constituent letters
• Creating informational graphics and handouts
Page 2 of 11

• Assisting with event logistics
Digital responsibilities include:
• Maintaining office website
• Drafting weekly email newsletter
• Implement strategies to grow office’s opt-in email program
• Social media content creation and curation
• Social media monitoring and reporting
• Implement strategies to expand member’s social media reach
• Video clipping and editing
Ideal candidates will be excellent writers, with the ability to quickly generate
creative and original content consistent with the Congressman’s priorities.
Familiarity with Adobe Suite preferred.
This position is based in Washington DC, but applicants must be available for
limited travel to the district as required. Starting salary for this position is
$38,000. Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly
encouraged to apply. New Jersey ties is a plus.
To apply, please send a resume, short writing sample, and example of a
graphic or social media post you have designed. Also include a cover letter
analyzing the Congressman’s social media presence and make
recommendations for expanding his reach. Send application package to
Resumes07@gmail.com with the subject line “Communications/Digital
Assistant.” No phone calls or walk-ins please.
Deadline to apply: February 14th
MEM-035-20

The Office of Congressman Greg Steube (FL-17) is looking to fill a vacancy
for the position of Field Representative. The Field Representative will attend
community events and travel throughout the district at regular intervals
representing the Congressman.
Job Summary:
The Field Representative is responsible for representing and promoting the
Office of Congressman Greg Steube at events in the community and serves as
a liaison between the Congressman and various community stakeholders that
include municipal, county, state, and federal entities, non-profits, and
businesses. The ideal candidate will have a thorough understanding of the
legislative process, the responsibilities of various agencies of the federal
government, and ties to Central and South-West Florida.
Core Responsibilities:
•To monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
issues;
Page 3 of 11

•To answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents; and
•To act as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the Member and
constituents.
Qualifications:
•Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university;
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Thorough knowledge of legislative process;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
•Strong telephone skills;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Skill in organizing and prioritizing work tasks and activities;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
outreach responsibilities;
•Ability to coordinate public outreach events
•Ability to work nights and weekends;
Duties:
•Staff Sebring, FL Congressional District Office Monday – Friday (9AM –
5PM) unless conducting outreach;
•Attend community events and travel throughout the district at regular
intervals representing Congressman Steube in the following Counties: Polk,
Hardee, Desoto, Glades, Okeechobee & Highlands;
•Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
•Acts as liaison and interfaces with city, county, district, and federal officials,
the chamber of commerce and other persons or groups to form effective
relationships for the Member;
•Assists local governments, non-profits, and constituents in obtaining federal
funding opportunities;
•Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Chief of Staff;
•In conjunction with the District Director, meet with constituents regarding
general policy matters;
•Intake of casework to distribute to assigned staff person, log incoming and
outgoing correspondence, handle visitors, and telephone calls;
•Office manager – POC for IT equipment, furniture, and office supplies in
Sebring;
•Other duties as assigned
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
Sydney.Gruters@mail.house.gov

Page 4 of 11

MEM-034-20

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-04) seeks a District
Director. The District Director oversees all district office(s) casework and
outreach. This position will assist in developing and implementing casework
policy objectives, strategies, and outreach plans for the Congressman's district
office(s), overseeing all casework activities and district representatives.
Candidate must be detail-oriented, a problem solver, self-starter with the
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others in a fast-paced
environment, manage multiple tasks at once, have excellent writing, verbal,
interpersonal and organizational skills; demonstrate thoroughness and pay
careful attention to detail; ability to exercise discretion and independent
judgment; and knowledge of federal agencies and the political process.
This position will report directly to the Chief of Staff and will require
availability by phone and email on weekends and evenings. Must have
reliable and insured vehicle. Candidates must have a minimum of a bachelor's
degree in political science, sociology, human development or related field and
a minimum of three years of relevant experience in case management and
have related experience to community outreach or community development.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, and professional
references in a single PDF file to selena.harvey@mail.house.gov, with the
subject line "District Director– last name" by February 14, 2020.

MEM-032-20

“The Office of Congresswoman Abby Finkenauer (IA-01) seeks an
experienced, creative, and motivated Communications Director to be a
senior member of the team.
The ideal candidate will possess excellent written and verbal communication
skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, experience developing
and pitching stories, and the ability to execute a communications plan
encompassing DC and in Iowa activities. The candidate will also have
congressional and/or campaign experience, a good sense of humor, be able to
foster a positive work environment, and have Iowa ties.
This position would be based out of Washington DC or Iowa, with associated
travel as needed. The Communications Director will be expected to, among
other duties: act as the primary spokesperson for the Member; develop and
maintain relationships with media outlets in Iowa and nationally; implement a
communications plan in-district and in DC; develop and successfully pitch
press stories; oversee digital operations; mentor the Press Secretary; develop
talking points, speeches, and press releases; hold regular media preparation
sessions; work collaboratively with Iowa and national team members on all
aspects of the office; and facilitate successful events and earned media in the
district.

Page 5 of 11

TO APPLY: Please e-mail a detailed resume and two writing samples to
IA01Resumes@mail.house.gov. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.”
MEM-031-20

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a District Representative
for his Fairfield office.
Job responsibilities include monitoring district and local issues; acting as a
liaison to federal, district, and local agencies in Solano County; working with
constituents who have an issue with a federal agency ensuring they receive a
timely response; and ensuring that the office is appropriately staffed during
office hours.
Qualified candidates should be hard working and possess excellent oral and
written communications skills, have knowledge of Solano County, the ability
to multi-task, meet deadlines, and produce a quality work product. A flexible
schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to ca.03.resumes@gmail.com, please include District Representative in the
subject line.

MEM-025-20

Rep. Joe Cunningham (SC-01) seeks a Legislative Director to manage an
active issue portfolio that includes, but is not necessarily limited to, health
care, transportation, labor, and manufacturing.
Responsibilities include overseeing the office’s legislative operation and staff,
including both Committee and floor activity; providing vote and
cosponsorship recommendations to the member; writing floor speeches;
drafting and editing constituent correspondence; meeting with constituents
and advocacy groups on behalf of the member; and numerous other assigned
tasks.
The LD must have the ability to think strategically about the member’s
overall legislative priorities, and is expected to work closely with district
office staff and constituents. Experience in a frontline office and/or South
Carolina ties are pluses.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
cunninghamresumes@gmail.com with “Legislative Director” in the subject
line.
No phone calls, faxes, individual emails, or walk-ins, please.
Page 6 of 11

QUALIFICATIONS:
-At least five years of substantive legislative, policy, or related experience;
-A demonstrated understanding of health care, transportation, labor, and
manufacturing policy, and a working knowledge of environmental and
veterans/military issues.
-Strong understanding of politics and the intersection of politics and policy;
-Knowledge of floor procedure, the amendment introduction process, and the
appropriations process is a plus.
-Strong writing, interpersonal, and organizational skills are required;
-Minority candidates are encouraged to apply;
-South Carolina (particularly in-district) ties are a major plus.
This is a senior, non-supervisory position and reports directly to the Chief of
Staff. The office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color,
and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-023-20

Rep. Suzan DelBene (WA-1), a Member of the Ways and Means Committee,
seeks a proactive Communication Director based in her Washington, DC
office.
Responsibilities include responding to media inquiries; writing press releases
and speeches; pitching stories to Washington state and national media;
overseeing the office’s social media accounts; managing an assistant;
organizing press events in DC and Washington state.
Qualified candidates should have very strong writing skills, on-the-record
experience, are self-motivated, have at least five years of experience in
communications, and work well in a collaborative environment. This is not an
entry-level position. Some travel to Washington state is expected.
Please send a cover letter, resume and at least two writing samples to
washington.resumes@mail.house.gov. If you have salary requirements, please
include them in your application.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, or sexual orientation. Diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply. Pacific Northwest ties and familiarity with national,
regional and local media outlets are positives.
No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-019-20

Job title: DC Scheduler/Operations Coordinator
Job description:
Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-7) seeks a DC Scheduler/Operations
Page 7 of 11

Coordinator. Applicants should have scheduling experience, ideally with a
Congressional office, a political campaign, or a similarly fast-paced
organization. Applicants should be extremely attentive to detail, organized,
and proactive.
This position will not involve legislative or press work, but will involve
coordinating with those teams to ensure the Congresswoman’s time is
balanced across various priorities. Job responsibilities will include:
•Creating and updating the Congresswoman’s schedule in DC
•Responding to invitations for DC meetings and events
•Communicating with the District team about invitations for District events
•Managing the Congresswoman’s travel plans and logistics
•Managing the Congresswoman’s time minute-to-minute in DC
•Preparing meeting briefs and binders for all meetings and events in DC, by
coordinating with event participants and the appropriate staff members
•Keeping staff members and the Congresswoman updated in real time about
schedule changes
•Creating a weekly schedule that balances the Congresswoman’s official and
unofficial time in DC
•Maintaining files of invitations that have been declined, accepted, or that are
tentative/pending
•Preparing thank-you notes for the Congresswoman to send following DC and
District meetings
•Maintaining a “homework binder” for the Congresswoman
•Working with the Chief of Staff to update and track the office budget
•Processing vouchers for travel and expense reimbursement for the Member
and staff
•Processing and all office expenditures, and reconciling office expenditures
on a bi-weekly basis
•Assisting with other operational tasks such as booking rooms for meetings,
responding to constituent requests (e.g. tours, photo ops, etc.), assigning
parking spaces to staff, and assisting the Chief of Staff with the management
of payroll and benefits
•Serving as a member of the “front office” team, including assisting the Staff
Assistant as needed with answering the phone and greeting visitors
•Additional duties related to managing the overall operation of the DC office
To apply, please submit a one-page resume, 2-3 references, and answers to
the following three additional questions to
Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “DC Scheduler” in the subject
line. Competitive salary commensurate with experience.
Three additional questions:
1. If Rep. Spanberger was taking a meeting in DC with a stakeholder group,
what information would you want to make sure she had in advance of that
Page 8 of 11

meeting?
2. The person in this role will get dozens of requests every day for
meetings/events for Rep. Spanberger to attend. What would be your system
for tracking/responding to those invitations?
3. Do you have a salary requirement or expected salary range?
Rep. Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information,
disability, or uniformed service.
MEM-015-20

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (I-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and selfmotivated legislative counsel to join our Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative counsel will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will
be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative counsel applicant" in the
subject line.
No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-012-20

Title: Caucus Assistant
Office: House Democratic Caucus Office
“Democratic Leadership office seeks motivated and punctual individual to
manage the front office, supervise a robust internship program, plan and
execute Member-level events such as the weekly meeting of the House
Democratic Caucus, manage the Caucus letter folding program, complete
Spanish translation projects, schedule senior staff and support other
departments in a fast paced environment.

Page 9 of 11

The job primarily involves operational, administrative and management tasks,
as well as a close working relationship with other departments. The Caucus
Assistant will report directly to the Operations and Outreach Coordinator.
Candidates must be proactive project supervisors, excellent writers, diligent
organizers and strong team players with an interest in developing their own
leadership skills. Applicants with Spanish fluency are strongly encouraged to
apply. Prior experience in a Congressional office and a positive attitude is a
plus.
This is an entry-level position and requires the ability to manage multiple
high-priority tasks at once. This office is an equal opportunity employer
committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation,
gender identity or disability. Women and minority applicants are encouraged
to apply.
To apply, please send PDFs of resume, cover letter, writing sample and three
professional references to DemCaucus.Jobs@mail.house.gov with name and
“2020 Caucus Assistant Application” in the subject line. Absolutely no phone
calls or drop-ins please”
MEM-011-20

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a press secretary to serve in
her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be proactive concerning press
engagement, and possess superior written and oral communication skills
(including editing, and proofreading capabilities). The ideal candidate will
have prior political, legislative, and communications experience. Connecticut
ties are a plus.
Primary responsibilities:
-Establishing and maintaining relationships with Connecticut, national, and
D.C.-based media;
-Coordinating all media efforts and communication-related events;
-Drafting and distributing press releases and media advisories;
-Creating, editing, and placing op-eds;
-Developing, editing, and posting content across all social media platforms;
-Pitching stories to reporters and producers, including national and
Connecticut media, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the point-ofcontact for media;
-Monitoring media narratives and identifying opportunities to promote the
Congresswoman;
-Overseeing Franked communications strategy. This includes drafting,
designing, and distributing Franked mail content; maintaining all social media
platforms; and managing the bi-weekly congressional e-newsletter;
-Updating the Congresswoman’s website and ensuring that it features timely
content;
-Coordinating and staffing the Congresswoman for interviews and events
Page 10 of 11

(including occasional night and weekend commitments);
-Managing a small team of press assistants.
To apply:
Please send a current resume, cover letter with salary requirements, two
writing samples (not to exceed one page each), and three references to
ct05jobs@mail.house.gov
No calls, emails or walk-ins, please.
MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill,
as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of
relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements
and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.

MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible
schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 11 of 11

