House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 16, 2019

MEM-655-19

Southern Republican seeks an enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover a
variety of issues.
The ideal candidate will have Hill experience, while previous LA experience
is not required. They should also have a solid grasp of House procedures and
an understanding of how a legislative team works. Excellent writing, verbal
and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter
while working in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment.
Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing
statements and legislative memos, preparing briefing materials, and engaging
with the Member on the implications of various legislation.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references.
Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with
“Legislative Assistant 2” in the subject line.

MEM-653-19

Progressive Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent.
Duties include processing flag and tour requests and management of an active
constituent correspondence program with short turnaround times. Candidates
Page 1 of 9

should have excellent writing and research skills, be self-starters, and have
strong organizational and time management skills. Previous Hill experience
strongly preferred. This office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly
encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please send resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
StaffAstLegCorr@gmail.com.
MEM-650-19

The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting
applications for a full- time staff assistant. Working in the front office, the
staff assistant will be responsible for answering phones, and greeting visitors.
Responsibilities will also include assisting with hearings/ markups, day to day
administrative operations, and various other tasks as assigned. Please note that
this position is strictly administrative. Ideal candidates must have a genuine
interest in issues affecting veterans, excellent oral communication skills,
strong organizational skills, and a team player attitude. Previous Hill
experience is preferred but not required.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to:
VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins.

MEM-641-19

The office of Representative Glenn “GT” Thompson (PA-15) seeks to fill the
position of Legislative Correspondent in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: handling constituent
correspondence, answering phones, monitoring the House floor while in
session, providing general administrative assistance for the office while
working in conjunction with the legislative and communications teams to
achieve their goals.
Qualified candidates will have at least one year prior experience in a member
office, should be outgoing, punctual, and dependable with excellent
organization and written communications skills, sharp attention to detail, and
the ability to work under pressure in order to meet tight deadlines.
Pennsylvania ties and a sense of humor are preferred, but not required.
Occasional district travel may be necessary.
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and references to
Lindsay.Reusser@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Correspondent” in the
subject line. No walk-ins please.

MEM-640-19

The office of Representative Glenn “GT” Thompson (PA-15) seeks to fill the
position of Staff Assistant in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering phones, monitoring
office deliveries and pickups, distributing mail, processing flag and tour
Page 2 of 9

requests, providing general administrative assistance for the office, and other
duties as assigned.
Qualified candidates must be outgoing, punctual, and dependable with
excellent organization and communications skills, sharp attention to detail,
and the ability to work under pressure in order to meet tight deadlines.
Pennsylvania ties and a sense of humor are preferred, but not required.
Occasional district travel may be necessary.
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and references to
Lindsay.Reusser@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
No walk-ins please.
MEM-629-19

Congressman Dan Kildee seeks a full-time legislative assistant in
Washington, D.C.
The legislative assistant will primarily handle health care for an active
Member of the Ways and Means Committee and House Democratic
Leadership, along with other legislative issues. Responsibilities are wideranging and include preparing for and staffing committee hearings, drafting
legislation and amendments, writing talking points and memorandums, and
interacting with key constituent groups and stakeholders. Applicants should
have a significant understanding and demonstrated passion for health care
policy.
Applicants must be willing to work on a team, bring an entrepreneurial spirit
to a fast-paced office, previously demonstrated pro-active initiative, and
possess a desire to continually learn. Applicants must work well under
pressure, have excellent written and oral communication skills and
demonstrate leadership capabilities. The position requires strategic thinking
and the ability to work independently as well as within a team.
This is not an entry-level position. A minimum of three years of experience is
required. Applicants with Michigan ties are a plus. Compensation is
commensurate with experience.
This office is an equal opportunity employer, committed to developing an
organization that is reflective of the district that we serve. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin,
sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and a writing
sample to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-626-19

Congressman Greg Pence is seeking an experienced, highly organized, and
detail-oriented Scheduler to serve in the DC office. The applicant must be
Page 3 of 9

able to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment and possess
outstanding interpersonal skills.
The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and long-term
schedule in DC, coordinate the Member’s travel, serve as a staff liaison with
the Member, and assist with administrative office functions as assigned. The
ideal candidate will have a positive and professional demeanor, exercise
discretion and excellent judgment, and be able to anticipate problems and
offer solutions.
This is not an entry level position. Qualified applicants should send submit
their resume and cover letter to RepublicanScheduler@gmail.com.
MEM-622-19

The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-7) is seeking an experienced,
highly-motivated Legislative Director to lead the Representative’s legislative
work and manage a team of Legislative Assistants and Fellows. The LD will
work with the Chief of Staff, Member, and other senior team members to
develop a legislative strategy and priorities. S/he will train and supervise the
legislative team members, review/approve work from other legislative team
members, track legislative accomplishments and statistics, provide vote
recommendations, and develop and advance legislative proposals from initial
idea to final passage.
The LD will also work closely with the District team to ensure that the team’s
legislative focus aligns with District priorities and legislative ideas are coming
from District issues and casework. As the senior member of the Legislative
Team and as a member of the office’s Senior Leadership Team, the
Legislative Director should be knowledgeable about procedure in the House
of Representatives, have a handle on major legislation across policy areas,
and be able to provide legislative ideas and process/procedural guidance to
other team members.
The LD will also manage his/her own portfolio of legislative work. The
portfolio will have a domestic policy focus, with flexibility as to the specific
policy topics. (The portfolio could include some but not all of: healthcare,
finance, taxes, appropriations, small business, agriculture, rural broadband,
transportation, infrastructure, energy, environment, education, civil rights,
workforce development, labor, gun violence prevention.) As the office is
currently also in the process of hiring an LA and legislative fellow(s), there is
substantial flexibility in portfolios. Cover letters should include a sentence on
the portfolio you would like to cover.
The best-qualified candidates will have several years of Hill experience,
preferably in the House and ideally in more than one office. Other
requirements include strong writing and analytical skills, a substantial policy
background, attention to detail, facility at managing multiple competing tasks,
Page 4 of 9

and the ability to operate with grace and humor in a fast-paced environment.
Other advantages include experience in a frontline or Blue Dog office, ties to
Central Virginia, advanced education, management experience, and the ability
to motivate others.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three
references to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director – [Last Name]” as the subject line. For consideration in the first
round of interviews, please apply by 12pm Eastern time on Sunday,
December 1. (Applications will continue to be accepted and considered on a
rolling basis after that time.)
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The
office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information,
disability, or uniformed service.
MEM-621-19

The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-7) is seeking an experienced,
highly-motivated Legislative Assistant. The Legislative Assistant will handle
one of the following two portfolios:
1) Agriculture (including Agriculture Committee work), rural broadband,
transportation, infrastructure, and other domestic policy issues.
2) Healthcare, taxes, finance, small business, workforce development, and
other domestic policy issues.
Responsibilities will include drafting and advancing legislative proposals,
preparing the Member for hearings and markups, meeting with stakeholders
and constituents, providing vote recommendations, and performing additional
tasks as assigned. The best-qualified candidates will have policy experience in
one or more of those issue areas, Hill experience, strong writing and
analytical skills, and the ability to operate with grace and humor in a fastpaced environment. Other advantages include experience in a frontline or
Blue Dog office, ties to Central Virginia, and advanced education. This is not
an entry level position.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three
references to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Assistant – [Last Name]” as the subject line. Please include in your cover
letter a sentence describing your preferred portfolio.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The
office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information,
disability, or uniformed service.
Page 5 of 9

MEM-613-19

Midwest Republican office seeks a detail-oriented, highly motivated and
proactive Legislative Director to handle a diverse policy portfolio. The ideal
candidate will have 3-5 years of experience on Capitol Hill, with an in-depth
understanding of House procedures.
Job responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: drafting legislation,
overseeing committee activity, making vote recommendations, writing
statements, drafting legislative memos, tracking legislation and meeting with
constituents and stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will be a self-starter, highly motivated, detailed oriented
and possess strong writing and verbal communication skills. Interested
candidates who meet these qualifications should submit their resume, cover
letter and a writing sample to ResumeIN@mail.house.gov

MEM-610-19

Senior Advisor
The House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee (DPCC)
seeks a senior staff member to join a dynamic leadership office team.
This position will work with the Executive Director to design and execute
strategies that advance the message priorities and values of the House
Democratic Caucus; Assist with planning and execution of regular message
meetings for Members and staff; Engage in outreach to Democratic offices
and provide support with message strategies and communications planning;
Assist with daily tasks and long-term planning as needed.
Successful candidates will be creative self-starters, come with ideas and have
experience planning meetings and events. They will be organized, politically
astute and able to collaborate with others in a tight-knit, fast-paced
environment. Familiarity with the House and an understanding of the
priorities and values of the House Democratic Caucus, as well as previous
experience interacting with elected officials required. Communications
experience preferred.
The position will report to the executive director of the DPCC and work
collaboratively with Chair and Co-Chair staff and other leadership staff. Nontraditional work hours are expected.
We are equal opportunity employers; we do not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Qualified applicants
should email a cover letter and resume to jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with
“DPCC Senior Advisor” in the subject line.

Page 6 of 9

MEM-606-19

Midwest Republican seeks an energetic and enthusiastic Press Secretary.
The ideal candidate must be a strong writer, have the ability to work in a fastpace environment and be able to manage multiple tasks.
In addition, the successful candidate must have a keen attention to detail and a
strong work ethic. Primary responsibilities include writing press releases, opeds, franked mail, managing social media and the official website. The
individual would also develop and maintain good relationships with district,
state and national media.
Qualified candidates must have at least two to three years of relevant
experience on Capitol Hill. Interested candidates who meet these
qualifications should submit their resume, cover letter and a writing sample to
ResumeIN@mail.house.gov

MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally
2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep
understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements
and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.

MEM-462-19

The Office of the Law Revision Counsel—a small, nonpartisan office within
the U.S. House of Representatives—seeks an attorney to assist in the editing
and publishing of the United States Code, the codification of general and
permanent Federal statutory law.
The editorial work needed to maintain the U.S. Code involves a number of
tasks, including:
•reading new laws to determine which provisions should appear in the Code
and where,
•updating the Code to reflect new law and amendments to existing law,
•writing concise editorial notes to explain amendments, effective dates,
references within the text to other laws, and a variety of other legislative
concepts,
•preparing statutory citations and tables, and

Page 7 of 9

•identifying errors in grammar and spelling—
•all while conforming to very strict style guidelines.
In addition to the basic tasks required to integrate new laws into the Code,
other duties may be required, such as reviewing drafts of bills to enact titles as
positive law, doing extensive research and editorial work to improve the
organization of existing provisions in the Code, and assisting in the
continuing modernization of the Office, including support of online and
machine readable versions of the Code.
Qualifications
•J.D. degree and attorney license in any U.S. jurisdiction or intention to obtain
license within one year.
•At least one year of professional experience in editing or publishing,
preferably in the legal field.
•Meticulous attention to detail and dedication to accuracy.
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
•Absolute proficiency in grammar, spelling, and usage.
•Ability to analyze and summarize complex legal issues.
•Ability to identify issues affecting Federal statutes and explain them clearly
and concisely within firmly established parameters.
Other conditions to note:
Familiarity with Federal or State statutory law is highly desirable.
This position is better suited to someone able to engage in extended periods of
solitary work, often involving tedious and repetitive tasks.
The ability to adhere to, and function comfortably within, established styles
and practices is essential.
Please be aware that this is a long-term career position with the Office, not a
stepping stone to another position within Congress or the Federal
Government.
Applicant Instructions
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter with salary
requirements to:
uscodeapplicant@mail.house.gov
Applicants will be evaluated based on the ability to meet the qualifications
stated above. Significant weight will be given to the applicant's cover letter. If
chosen for an interview, an applicant will be requested to submit a writing
sample.
MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Page 8 of 9

Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible
schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 9 of 9

