________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 6, 2023

MEM-145-23

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas), Ranking Member of the Ways & Means
Health Subcommittee and Executive Board member of the Congressional
Progressive Caucus, seeks an experienced Communications Director for his
Washington office.
This is not an entry level position. Excellent written and oral communication
skills required. Hill experience strongly preferred. Texas ties a plus.
Send cover letter, resume, brief writing sample, and three work supervisor
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Please use this title on your email:
“Comms Director Applicant” -- No drop-ins please.

MEM-141-23

Bilingual Press Secretary
The Office of Rep. Ruben Gallego (AZ-03) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated bilingual (English/Spanish) communicator with strong writing skills
and the ability to establish a strong rapport with the press.
Qualified candidates will be responsible for ensuring that the objectives and
achievements of the Congressman are communicated effectively utilizing print,
digital, and social media. This position is based in Phoenix, Arizona and will
work closely with the Communications Director.
Responsibilities include: Fielding and responding to media inquiries; drafting and
Page 1 of 23

editing press releases for distribution; writing and editing talking
points/speeches/scripts; planning and creating social media content; staffing at
media events, and assist with other duties as assigned.
Occasional weekend work is required. Candidates must have outstanding writing
and communication skills, possess prior media and digital experience if possible,
and be willing to collaborate with various departments to accomplish objectives
while juggling multiple deadlines and projects.
To apply, please send your resume and a cover letter
to: ResumesAZ03@mail.house.gov
MEM-139-23

The House Committee on Homeland Security Republican Staff is hiring for a
Professional Staff Member position supporting the Director of Investigations
and the Subcommittee on Oversight, Investigations, and Accountability.
The ideal candidate will have a strong interest in investigations and homeland
security issues. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staffing
Subcommittee and some Full Committee congressional hearings, drafting
Subcommittee and some Full Committee correspondence to and from the
Executive Branch as well as with outside organizations, transcribed interviews,
reviewing document productions, research, and interacting with various
congressional committee and personal offices.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, attention to detail, desire to learn
how to conduct congressional oversight and investigations, be self-motivated,
work well under pressure, and possess strong research, written, and oral
communication skills. The ability to work both independently and as part of a
team are critical. Prior Hill experience preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to Resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov with the subject line “<Applicant First and
Last Name> - OIA PSM.”

MEM-138-23

The House Committee on Homeland Security Republican Staff is hiring for a
Counsel position supporting the Director of Investigations and the Subcommittee
on Oversight, Investigations, and Accountability.
The ideal candidate will have at least three years of experience with a background
or strong interest in investigations. Experience in homeland security issues is a
plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staffing Subcommittee and some
Full Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and some Full
Committee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as well as with
outside organizations, depositions/ transcribed interviews, reviewing document
Page 2 of 23

productions, research, managing external sources of information, and interacting
with various congressional committee and personal offices.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, superior attention to detail, be selfmotivated, work well under pressure, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. The ability to work both independently and as part of a
team are critical. JD required. Prior Hill experience preferred.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to Resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov with the subject line “<Applicant First and
Last Name> - OIA Counsel.”
MEM-137-23

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Oversight and Investigations
Subcommittee is seeking a mid- or senior-level Counsel to work on oversight
issues related to the Committee’s broad jurisdiction for the Committee’s
Democratic staff. Prior familiarity working for or with Congress and area(s) of
expertise under the Committee’s jurisdiction—including environment, energy,
health, telecommunications, or consumer protection—is required.
Responsibilities include staffing congressional hearings; assisting in the
management of investigations of governmental and non-governmental entities;
conducting research, document review, and analysis; aiding in the drafting of
official letters, memoranda, and investigative reports; and helping to coordinate
with other subcommittees of the full Committee.
The successful candidate will be a detail-oriented and proactive self-starter with
strong communication and writing skills. A minimum of five years of work
experience is required. A J.D. is required, and experience within the areas of the
Committee’s jurisdiction may be equally relevant. Salary is commensurate with
experience.
People of color, veterans, women, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C OI Professional
Staff/Counsel.”

MEM-132-23

The office of Congressman Dan Goldman seeks a Legislative Assistant to cover
a policy portfolio including Housing, Transportation and Infrastructure, Labor,
Tax, Small Business, and other issues.

Page 3 of 23

Responsibilities include identifying and developing new areas for legislative
action; briefing and staffing the member for meetings and events with other
members and stakeholders; helping staff the member on relevant issues at the
Committee on Oversight and Accountability and the Committee on Homeland
Security, meeting with stakeholders both with and without the Representative;
and other responsibilities as necessary.
We are proudly an office that is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, military status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. This is
not an entry-level position and relevant experience is required. Special
consideration will be given to candidates with ties to NY-10 and those who speak
a second language so please include this information in your cover letter. The
salary is $60,000.
To apply please send a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample as one PDF
to ny10goldmanresumes@gmail.com with “Full Name – Legislative Assistant” as
the subject line by Friday, March 10th at noon.
MEM-129-23

Rep. Judy Chu (CA-28) seeks Scheduler for fast-paced Washington, D.C. office.
This individual will be responsible for the Member’s daily and long-term
schedule in D.C. and work in close coordination with the district scheduler.
Specific responsibilities will include managing invitations and scheduling
requests, travel and logistical details, acting as a liaison to constituent groups,
handling the member’s correspondence, and various additional administrative
duties.
This individual must be a good writer, politically savvy, able to multi-task,
meticulously organized, and able to quickly solve problems in a fast-paced work
environment. Candidate should be comfortable dealing with a wide variety of
people and stakeholders. Previous Capitol Hill scheduling or other scheduling
experience is preferred. A good sense of humor is a must.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Consistent with applicable law,
this office requires all staff and interns to complete a full SARS-CoV2
vaccination course, regardless of recovery from prior coronavirus illness, as a
condition of employment.
To apply, please email cover letter and résumé in one PDF document
to ca28.jobs@gmail.com. Please include Scheduler in the subject line. No phone
calls or drop-ins please!

Page 4 of 23

MEM-128-23

Congressman Joe Courtney (CT-02) seeks a Communications Director to
oversee an active and multifaceted media and communications program.
The Communications Director will be responsible for managing all media and
communications activities for the office, including planning and executing
strategies to generate earned media coverage and maximizing proactive
constituent communications.
Duties will include proactive press outreach, working with local, national, and
international media outlets, managing social media platforms, writing press
releases, op-eds, drafting weekly e-newsletters, and overseeing the Digital Media
Manager to maximize the impact of content throughout eastern Connecticut
through proactive constituent outreach and social media platforms. The
Communications Director will also be responsible for arranging all press
conferences, TV appearances, radio interviews, and local media opportunities.
Candidates must possess excellent written and oral communications abilities.
This is not an entry-level position. Prior relevant communications experience
required, previous congressional experience preferred, and New England or
Connecticut ties are a plus. This position is based in the Washington, DC office.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and at least two
relevant writing samples to ct02job@mail.house.gov by March 22, 2023.
No walk-ins or calls please.

MEM-127-23

The office of Rep. Ami Bera seeks a Minority Staff Director to serve on the
House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Indo-Pacific.
The role will support and implement the Ranking Member’s legislative and
foreign policy goals and liaise with foreign embassies and other stakeholders.
Responsibilities include drafting legislation; developing policy and
communications objectives; preparing the Ranking Member for hearings,
briefings, and other engagements through verbal and written briefings; managing
fellows and supporting personal office foreign policy team; serving as primary
policy support for Subcommittee Democratic Members and staff; and
coordinating with House Foreign Affairs Committee staff.
Applicants must have strong verbal and written communication skills and
relevant Asia policy experience. Ideal candidates will have a solid understanding

Page 5 of 23

of the Hill, robust network in the foreign affairs and Asia policy community, and
a proven track record at achieving policy goals.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to jobs.ca06@gmail.com. Please no calls or drop-ins.
MEM-123-23

Digital Manager/Press Assistant
Location: Albuquerque, New Mexico or Washington, D.C.
Congresswoman Melanie Stansbury (N.M.-01) is seeking a Digital
Manager/Press Assistant. Ideal candidates are highly motivated, detail-oriented
self-starters with experience in communications, digital media and social media,
video editing, and graphic design.
This position will report to the Communications Director to produce digital
content across the Congresswoman’s social media platforms and assist with other
press duties, as necessary, such as press releases, talking points, press events, and
direct constituent communications with e-newsletters, 499s, and mailers.
The ideal candidate will be creative with strong have a strong proficiency in
crafting social media content across multiple platforms and will be a team player
with an ability to handle multiple tasks at once. Excellent writing and strong
organizational skills are essential, and 1-2 years of relevant experience. Spanish
language skills preferred. New Mexico ties are a big plus.
This is a full-time position. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status),
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
Interested candidates must submit a resume
to repstansburyresumes@mail.house.gov by March 10 with the following subject
line: “Last Name – Digital Manager/Press Assistant.” Out of fairness to all
candidates, those who do not submit their materials to this email will not be
considered.
Qualified candidates should submit a single PDF saved with
LastName.FirstName.DigitalManager to include:
•Cover letter;
•Resume;
•Two writing samples;
•A link to a digital portfolio or examples of previous digital media, video work,
or graphic design products.
Starting Salary: $60,000

Page 6 of 23

MEM-113-23

Rep. Raul Ruiz, M.D., the Ranking Member of the House Select Subcommittee
on the Coronavirus Pandemic, is seeking a Chief Counsel to join the Democratic
staff of the Select Subcommittee.
Responsibilities include overseeing investigations, depositions, and transcribed
interviews. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and enjoy collaborative work environments. Prior
experience in congressional oversight and direct investigations is strongly
preferred.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Chief Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter
with the file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume”
and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or dropins, please.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.

MEM-108-23

Rep. Josh Gottheimer (NJ-5), Co-Chair of the Problem Solvers Caucus, member
of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and member of the
House Committee on Financial Services, seeks qualified candidates for the
position of Legislative Director to join his Washington, DC team.
Responsibilities include:
•Leading the development and implementation of the Member’s short-term and
long-term legislative priorities with the Member and Chief of Staff;
•Monitoring and managing activity on the House Floor, and working with the
legislative team to develop vote recommendations;
•Managing the legislative team and overseeing their day-to-day progress;
•Developing and reviewing memos, remarks, committee materials, and other
briefing materials for the Member on related topics;
•Working closely with the Chief of Staff and the communications team on
messaging legislative issues;
•Managing a portfolio of senior legislative projects, especially around major
legislative negotiations around the Member’s work with the Problem Solvers
Caucus;
•Working closely with bi-partisan Member staff in the House and Senate.
Page 7 of 23

Ideal candidates will have:
•A Bachelor’s degree or related job experience;
•3-5 years of legislative experience in a Congressional office or legislative
environment;
•Knowledge of the legislative process and procedures;
•Excellent attention to detail and strong organizational skills;
•Sound judgment;
•Strong communication skills;
•Capacity to communicate with a wide variety of personalities in a tactful,
courteous, and professional manner;
•Willingness to accept direction and guidance on performance and process
improvements from the Member and the Chief of Staff;
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment;
•The ability to work flexible hours including long hours, nights, and weekends;
•The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions.
This is not an entry-level position. This position reports to the Chief of Staff.
Consistent with applicable law, the Office requires all staff to be fully vaccinated
against COVID-19 as a term and condition of employment unless a medical or
religious exemption is approved.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with
“Legislative Director - Last Name” as the subject line
to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-107-23

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) is looking for a calm,
adaptable, and detail-oriented Executive Assistant/Scheduler for her
Washington, D.C. office.
The primary responsibility will be driving and staffing the Congresswoman while
she is in Washington, D.C. Other responsibilities will include assisting the
Deputy Chief of Staff and operations team with scheduling meetings, managing
the Congresswoman’s calendar, building the Congresswoman’s briefing book,
and other administrative duties as assigned.
Page 8 of 23

Ideal candidates will have good judgment, common sense, an eye for detail, and a
good sense of humor. They will be able to anticipate the needs of the
Congresswoman and problem-solve on their feet.
This is not a 9-5 job; some nights and weekends will be required, especially
during legislative sessions. Sales or service industry skills are preferred; a valid
driver’s license and a good driving record are required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume with “Executive
Assistant/Scheduler (DC)” in the subject line
to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, with priority given to earlier applicants.
The Office of Congresswoman Jacobs is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status. Applicants do not need a college degree to
apply.
MEM-105-23

Press Assistant, House Committee on Agriculture Republicans
The House Committee on Agriculture is seeking a detail-oriented and enthusiastic
press assistant to join the communications shop.
The ideal candidate will have strong writing skills and work well in a rapidresponse environment.
General knowledge of agriculture is a bonus but not required. While day-to-day
responsibilities may vary, the press assistant can expect to perform the following
duties with regularity:
•Assist the communications director with drafting speeches, talking points, opeds, blogs, press releases, etc.
•Lead media tracking efforts by collecting press hits for the Committee and
member offices.
•Draft Committee newsletters in consultation with the communications director
and deputy communications director.
•Assist deputy communications director with member office requests during
hearings.
•Assist the communications director in handling press inquiries and background
conversations.
Requirements
•Minimum 1-2 years in Capitol Hill or political experience
•Strong writing and strategic thinking skills
•Attention to detail
•Able to manage varying priorities and balance multiple deadlines
•A good attitude

Page 9 of 23

Interested candidates should send their résumé and two writing samples
to houseaggop@gmail.com.
MEM-102-23

Conservative Congressman seeks a Legislative Correspondent for the
Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include drafting grant letters of support, constituent letters,
sorting and batching mail, and assisting the legislative staff with various projects.
Applicants should possess strong conservative credentials, effective writing and
research skills, attention to detail, and the ability to manage multiple tasks at
once. Position also includes a potential opportunity to manage a small legislative
portfolio. Previous Capitol Hill experience preferred.
To apply, send resume and cover letter to gopwesternjobs1776@gmail.com

MEM-101-23

Bay Area Democrat seeks a highly organized and dedicated scheduler for
Washington DC office. Scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's daily
and long-term schedule in DC and in the district. This individual will work
closely with the member, DC and district staff.
This person should be well-organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and able to
work effectively in a fast-paced office.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
invitations and scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the member; and
managing operational and logistical support for the office.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate should have prior
scheduling experience on the Hill or comparable work environment. Women,
LGBTQ+, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply, as well as candidates with California ties.
Please submit your resume, cover letter and two references
to CAHouseJob@mail.house.gov and include “Scheduler” in the subject line.

MEM-100-23

Congresswoman Emilia Strong Sykes (OH-13) is seeking a Legislative Assistant
to primarily manage her work on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee.
Qualified candidates are highly motivated, detail-oriented, able to manage
competing demands, and enjoy working as part of a team.
This position will work closely with and report to the Legislative Director to
advance the Congresswoman’s legislative priorities. In addition to staffing the
Congresswoman on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, the
Legislative Assistant will also manage a broad portfolio including agriculture,
education, energy and environment, healthcare, judiciary, and labor, among
Page 10 of 23

others. The ideal candidate will be creative, able to staff and brief the
Congresswoman for Committee work, an excellent writer, able to build and
maintain relationships with a broad swath of stakeholders, and politically astute.
This is a full-time position. The Office of Congresswoman Sykes is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex
(including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and a cover letter
to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: “Full Name –
SST Legislative Assistant.” Capitol Hill legislative experience is required; this is
not an entry-level position.
MEM-098-23

The Office of General Counsel (“OGC”), which provides legal advice and
representation to Members, committees, officers, and employees of the House on
matters related to their official duties without regard to political affiliation, is
accepting applications for the position of Assistant General Counsel.
Core responsibilities include: drafting district court pleadings and appellate
briefs; appearing in court in litigation matters in which the House or individual
Members, officers, or employees have an official interest; analyzing legal
problems presented by House Members, committees, officers, and employees,
and formulating recommended solutions; advising and counseling House
Members, committees, officers, and employees on a wide range of legal issues;
gathering facts necessary to permit OGC to provide sound legal advice;
interacting with House leadership, committees, and other House offices;
interacting with opposing counsel (both government and private); representing
witnesses in connection with investigative proceedings; performing legal research
on issues of constitutional, statutory, and common law; and working closely with
other OGC attorneys and support staff in performing these functions.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Minimum Requirements: (1) excellent academic credentials; (2) at least three
years’ experience as a practicing attorney; (3) excellent writing, analytical, and
people skills; (4) excellent judgment; (5) ability to work with, and to provide high
quality legal advice and representation to, House Members, committees, officers,
and employees, without regard to political affiliation; and (6) appreciation of—or
at least the desire to learn about and understand—the role and functioning of the
Legislative Branch.
Preferred Qualifications: (1) judicial clerkship or other government experience;
(2) experience drafting dispositive motions in federal district courts and/or briefs
in federal courts of appeals; and (3) understanding of structure and operations of
the Federal Government, particularly the House of Representatives and the
Department of Justice.
Page 11 of 23

Information about OGC is available at https://ogc.house.gov
Email cover letter, resume, transcript, list of references, and writing sample
to OGC.Employment@mail.house.gov. Application deadline, March 7, 2023.
Please include in the email subject line “Assistant General Counsel Vacancy.”
MEM-097-23

The Office of Congressman Dan Goldman (NY-10) is seeking a press secretary
to join our communications team. Responsibilities will include:
•Preparing and staffing the Congressman for interviews, press events, and other
engagements
•Monitoring and pitching stories to local and national media
•Coordinating interviews and public appearances
•Drafting and editing press releases, floor speeches, event remarks, video scripts,
op-eds, newsletters, interview memos, and other written deliverables as needed
•Cultivating relationships with reporters, editors, and other members of the press
corps
•Planning and staffing press conferences and other press-related engagements
• Keeping the member and staff apprised of national and local news
• Compiling daily press clips
• Supervising press interns and fellows
The Press Secretary will work closely with the Communications Director to
implement an ambitious and nimble communications strategy. Candidates should
have strong writing and creative skills, strong editing and proofreading skills, and
work well under pressure. The ideal candidate will have at least a year of
communications experience and be prepared to work long hours and weekends as
needed.
We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, military status, sexual
orientation, or gender identity or expression.
To apply please send a resume, cover letter, and sample press release as one PDF
to ny10goldmanresumes@gmail.com with “Full Name – Press Secretary” as the
subject line.

MEM-090-23

House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic staff) seeks a
Civil Rights Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering civil rights issues in
employment.
Candidates should have familiarity with employment federal civil rights laws,
such as Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963 and Title 42, Chapter 21 of the U.S.
Code. Knowledge of the EEOC, OFCCP and federal statutes and policies and
how they impact civil rights in employment and health care is preferred.
Page 12 of 23

Applicants should have a law degree and experience working with an
organization, Congress, or government agency addressing civil rights. Duties will
include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical assistance
to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing
written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of
committee proceedings and events related to civil rights. Salary commensurate
with experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Civil Rights Counsel Position" in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-087-23

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas), on the Ways & Means Committee, seeks an
experienced Communications Director for his Washington office.
This is not an entry level position. Excellent written and oral communication
skills required. Hill experience strongly preferred. Texas ties a plus.
Send cover letter, resume, brief writing sample, and three work supervisor
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Please use this title on your email:
“Comms Director Applicant” -- No drop-ins please.

MEM-086-23

Representative Alma Adams (NC- 12) seeks a Legislative Correspondent to run
a robust correspondence program and assist with official communication.
A successful candidate will be a strong and efficient writer, intellectually curious,
and a quick study. They must also work well as a part of a team. Responsibilities
include drafting constituent correspondence that reflects the Congresswoman’s
policy priorities, managing incoming and outgoing correspondence, tracking
correspondence data, and working with the rest of the staff to ensure the office is
maximally responsive too constituents and well informed of their priorities. North
Carolina ties and a sense of humor are a plus. Prior Congressional experience also
preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and two writing
samples to NC12.resume@mail.house.gov and put “LC - FirstName.LastName”
in the Subject Line. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please. This office is an
equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate based on race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity,
marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation. Please no drop-ins or phone
calls.
Page 13 of 23

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
•Draft tailored letters for constituent inquires that require special research or a
nuanced response.
•Create and maintain a collection of prepared responses for general legislative
inquires.
•Ensure that legislative responses to constituents are completed in a timely
matter.
•Consult with the Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants to ensure the
Member’s library of legislative letters are accurate, up to date, and reflective of
the Member’s policy position.
•Learn and lead office in using Constituent Management System software
(Fireside).
•Engage with district office staff and respond to inquiries of Member’s policy
stances.
•Flag district-based organized constituent letter writing campaigns to appropriate
district staff.
•Attend legislative meetings with constituents and assist with Committee hearings
and markups.
•Assist Scheduler/Executive Assistant in drafting Member-to-Member
correspondence, thank you, and special occasion letters.
MEM-085-23

Bilingual Press Secretary
The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia Garcia (TX-29) seeks a bilingual
(English/Spanish) Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to building and maintaining
relationships with Houston and DC press; responding to media inquiries; writing
press releases and talking points; preparing stories and op-eds for Houston and
national media; organizing earned media events in Houston and Washington,
D.C.; managing printed and digital paid communications and social media
platforms for the Congresswoman; and coordinating and staffing the
Congresswoman for interviews and press events, among other things. This is not
an entry-level position.
Qualified candidates must have strong writing skills, prior press and digital
experience, the ability to work in a collaborative environment. The position
requires a candidate to track details across communications projects, file timely
reports with House, and regularly meet multiple deadlines.
Please apply via the following
link: https://resumebank.domewatch.us/start?code=UUFg9fO6_

Page 14 of 23

MEM-082-23

Press/Digital Assistant -- Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) is seeking a
highly motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic individual with experience in
communications, digital media and social media, video editing, and graphic
design to join her team as a press/digital assistant in the D.C. office. This position
will report to the Communications Director.
Daily tasks include drafting and posting content for the member’s social media
platforms and website; graphic design; video filming and editing; daily press
clips; managing the newsletter program; drafting press releases, talking points,
and remarks; and organizing press events. The ideal candidate will be creative,
politically astute, have a strong proficiency in crafting social media content
across social media platforms, and will be a detail-oriented team player able to
handle multiple tasks at once.
Excellent writing and strong organizational skills are essential, along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Capitol Hill
experience and Spanish fluency are a plus, but not required. Proficiency with
Adobe Suite, Canva, and constituent management platforms, such as IQ,
preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three references, one
writing sample, and a digital portfolio or examples of previous digital media,
video work, or graphic design products to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “DC
Press/Digital Assistant” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins
please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.

MEM-081-23

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester seeks a highly-motivated
Caseworker/Outreach Representative based out of her Georgetown, DE
district office.
Reporting to the State Director, primary responsibilities include answering
casework correspondence and communications from constituents; acting as
liaison with Federal, State, and local agencies; preparing correspondence to
agency contacts and constituents; staffing the Congresswoman and attending
community events, building relationships with a range of constituents and
stakeholders throughout Kent and Sussex Counties, and handling administrative
tasks as assigned.
This position requires excellence in constituent relations, service delivery, and
community engagement. Duties require work during regular office hours and
travel throughout Kent and Sussex Counties is required, including occasional
meetings and events during evenings and weekends.
Page 15 of 23

Qualified candidates for this full-time position will have ties to the state, be able
to work in a fast-paced environment, have excellent interpersonal, customer
relations, strong writing skills, and have an interest in public service. Fluency in
Spanish is preferred but not required.
The successful candidate will hold a valid driver’s license and have a clean
driving record. This is an Equal Opportunity Employer; we do not discriminate
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, sexual orientation, military status, marital status, or
parental status. Salary commensurate with experience. Applications are accepted
on a rolling basis.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume
to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Caseworker/Outreach Representative” in the
subject line. No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.
MEM-077-23

The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking a Legislative
Correspondent.
This position works to ensure the relationship between the Member’s Office and
constituents remains positive by providing ample information in response to
questions, fielding messages in a timely manner, and ensuring constituents
receive consistent, accurate information about legislative happenings and the
Member’s agenda. They will also assist in the composition of background memos
and talking points for the Member’s meetings and engagements, handling issue
areas as assigned to support the Legislative Director and Military Legislative
Assistant.
The ideal candidate must have excellent writing, communication, and research
skills, and the ability to produce quality work in a faced paced environment. An
ability to multitask and work under tight deadlines is necessary. Candidates must
have previous congressional experience; ties to Virginia’s First District are
helpful but not required.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to Carolyn.King@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Correspondent” in the
subject line.

MEM-076-23

The Congressional Progressive Caucus seeks a Caucus Assistant based in
Washington, D.C. The position requires careful attention to logistics associated
with managing the Caucus’ day-to-day activities, assisting with office
management responsibilities, scheduling, finance, event planning, and performing
other duties as required.
Essential Job Functions:
Page 16 of 23

●Organizing the logistics for member-level and staff-level meetings;
●Routinely preparing and sending materials to CPC member offices;
●Responding to a variety of inquires from CPC member offices;
●Assisting with policy and communications projects as assigned;
●Managing various operations tasks;
●Assisting with processing office finances.
Experience:
Capitol Hill, executive assistant, and progressive advocacy experience is
preferred. Ideal candidates will be very detail-oriented with good timemanagement skills, able to work in a fast-paced environment, and handle last
minute changes to the legislative schedule. Candidates must possess strong
writing and organizational skills, a good sense of humor, creativity, the
ability to operate under strict deadlines, and be able to work collaboratively with
CPC offices and staff. Ideal candidates should have familiarity with the
progressive movement and progressive policy. This position can involve long
hours and will report to the Executive Director.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to ProgressiveCaucusJobs@gmail.com with “Caucus Assistant LastName” in the subject line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
The CPC is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or
expression, or sexual orientation. Women, people of color, veterans, and
LGBTQIA individuals are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-075-23

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair of the
Congressional Progressive Caucus, seeks a highly organized, creative, and teamoriented Press Secretary/Digital Assistant to execute a fast-paced and dynamic
communications plan. This position reports to the Communications Director and
is based in the Washington, DC office.
An ideal candidate will:
●Be a proficient writer, with experience writing for a principal
●Have a knowledge of Adobe Suite, graphic design and video editing skills
●Have a familiarity with CRMs including IQ
●Understand Facebook Business Manager and digital advertising
●Have a deep familiarity with all social media tools (i.e. Instagram, Twitter)
●Understand the digital media landscape and current digital trends
●Have a strong record of advocating for progressive values
●Be willing to work weekends and irregular hours when necessary
Responsibilities include:
●Drafting written materials including press releases, remarks, speeches, enewsletters, talking points, and social media content
Page 17 of 23

●Compiling daily press clips and managing proactive media monitoring
●Maintaining local and national press lists
●Compiling weekly communications report
●Capturing video and photos of the Congresswoman for social media and for
events
●Staying informed about relevant current events in the district and across the
country as well as appropriate legislative and non-legislative issues
●Maintaining various press archives for the Congresswoman
●Supporting logistics for town halls, press conferences, and other public-facing
events, both virtual and in-person
Skills and knowledge required:
●Strong communications skills, including writing, editing, and proofreading
●Understanding of print, broadcast, and online media and how to use those tools
creatively
●Strong organizational skills, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once
●Ability to exercise discretion in the representation of the Congresswoman’s
position on policy issues
●Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others, including members
of the press
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. Washington state and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and
references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Press
Secretary/Digital Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-073-23

SCHEDULER – Congressman Jake Auchincloss (MA-04) is seeking a highly
motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic individual with excellent oral and
written communications skills for a Scheduler position in the Washington, DC
office.
Daily tasks include managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
DC schedule; coordinating travel, booking flight reservations, and managing
logistics for events; evaluating and organizing all incoming meeting and event
requests; communicating key information regarding the Member and the
Member’s schedule to staff; and working closely with both DC and District staff
to ensure smooth daily office operations. Candidates must be available to assist
the Member outside of regular business hours.
This position requires proven experience in administrative roles, knowledge of
the Congressional work setting, and comfort working one-on-one with the
Member, Chief of Staff, District Director, and District Scheduler. Excellent
writing, verbal and strong organizational skills are essential along with the ability
to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Previous Capitol
Page 18 of 23

Hill or scheduling experience is required; this is not an entry level position.
Access to a car and a clean driving record is preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing
sample to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler – First Name Last
Name” in the Subject Line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. No
phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity and expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation, or
any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
MEM-072-23

Senior Legislative Assistant or Counsel – Financial Services
Congressman Brad Sherman seeks a Legislative Assistant to staff the House
Financial Services Committee including the Capital Markets Subcommittee on
which the Congressman serves as ranking Democrat.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience in financial services issues.
Experience with issues falling under the jurisdiction of the Capital Markets
Subcommittee is a major plus. Job responsibilities include monitoring and
drafting legislation, representing the Member in meetings/briefings, preparing
materials for committee hearings and markups, maintaining relationships with
advocacy groups, interfacing with government agencies, and other tasks and
assignments as needed.
The successful candidate will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a solid understanding of the legislative process, and knowledge of, and
experience with, the operations of the SEC and other rules-making entities that
govern capital markets and securities-related accounting standards.
This job requires a proven ability to work effectively and independently in a
demanding and fast-paced environment. Law degree/bar membership a plus, but
not required. This is a mid- to senior-level position in the office.
Please send cover letter and resume to FSCCapMarketsStaffer@gmail.com

MEM-071-23

Rep. Marcy Kaptur (D-OH-09), co-chair of the Congressional Ukraine Caucus
and a Senior Appropriations Defense Subcommittee member, seeks an
experienced legislative staffer to handle a portfolio including defense, foreign
affairs, and national security issues.
Candidates must be familiar with the defense portfolio, Ukraine and European
security issues, the Appropriations process, have a deep understanding of the
legislative process including identifying creative legislation solutions, crafting
and advancing legislation, analyzing and briefing a Senior Member of Congress
Page 19 of 23

on complex policy issues, and drafting a wide array of written materials
(including materials for Committee and Floor activities).
Strong written and verbal communication skills and a demonstrated ability to
work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment are critical. At least five years
of relevant experience is encouraged as are Congressional experience and
Midwest connections.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply. Applicants should email a resume, cover
letter, two writing samples, and references as individual files in PDF format
to Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov “MLA/Foreign Affairs” in the subject
line. No phone calls, faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.
MEM-024-23

The Freshman Democrat from Hawai‘i is seeking a Scheduler with strong
judgment, communication skills, and attention to detail to build and oversee all
aspects of scheduling operations for the Member.
This position requires consistent and effective collaboration with all components
of the Member’s office. The Scheduler will work directly with the Chief of Staff,
District Chief, and other senior staff.
Primary duties include, but are not limited to:
•Building the Member’s daily and long-term schedule for DC and the district and
managing this system;
•Responding to all incoming scheduling requests;
•Booking and coordinating travel back to Hawai‘i and within Hawai‘i;
•Ensuring the Member, staff, and external stakeholders have key information
about the schedule;
•Compiling daily briefing materials for the Member and coordinating the
collection of information from staff and other sources;
•Supporting the team with special events and ad hoc projects; and
•Other duties as assigned.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual
orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse backgrounds, especially
with ties to Hawai‘i, are encouraged to apply. Being able to serve as a secondary
driver when needed is preferred, but not required. Salary will be commensurate
with experience.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and references
to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-011-23

Communications Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)

Page 20 of 23

The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Communications Director to
lead an active communications operation.
This position manages both the long-term strategic communications strategy and
day-to-day press for the Caucus, ranging from drafting statements on news of the
day, to responding to press inquiries and pitching stories, to managing the CBC’s
social media accounts and website, to setting up press availability opportunities
(i.e., press conferences, press calls, or pen/pads), to developing and executing a
long-term communications plan.
In addition to managing the communications of the CBC, this position also serves
as a resource to all CBC Member offices to provide any communications counsel
they may need. The Communications Director’s responsibilities will include:
• Working closely with the Executive Director and Policy Director to raise the
policy agenda and platform of the Caucus through strategic messaging, earned
media, and public outreach
• Substantial experience with and knowledge of Congressional affairs and the
legislative process
• Experience with media pitching, booking television appearances/interviews,
prepping a principal for print & television interviews/appearances
• Extensive relationships with DC and National print & television media
• Excellent oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work under pressure and meet quick deadlines
• Experience with communications including, social media, press releases, talking
points, etc.
• Demonstrated experience working effectively with diverse coalitions
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential.
Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability to multitask, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player. This is not an
entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of
House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample/portfolio
to Vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-582-22

Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s District Office has an immediate need to hire a
full-time Field Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team in Orange County.

Page 21 of 23

Basic Functions
The Field Representative serves an important role in the Member’s Congressional
District, acting as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents. They are responsible for strengthening community
relations and assessing casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or
Congressional oversight.
Duties
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative briefs the Member in preparation for district meetings with
constituents and acts as the representative for the Member by attending events
and meetings. This includes public speaking and certificate presentations.
The Field Representative will:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
•Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
•Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
Requirements
•Expertise developing and executing a community relations strategy
•Experience in maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders
•Political savvy and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible scheduling, including nights and
weekends
•Constituent service oriented; patient empathetic, and desire to help constituents
Position Qualifications/Education
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public
service and familiarity with Orange County is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline
Salary range is $49,000-$57,000. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to
Stephanie Hu, District Director, Office of Congresswoman
Steel Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov

Page 22 of 23

All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.

Page 23 of 23

