House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 19, 2019

MEM-402-19

Southern California Member of Congress seeks an experienced Office
Manager and Scheduling Assistant to be based out of the district office.
The Office Manager & Scheduling Assistant will assist the District Director
with tracking office expenses, certificate requests, canopy requests, and
Congressional Record statement requests.
The position will also work closely with the DC Scheduler to respond to
scheduling requests and invitations, maintain the district requests list, and
gather the necessary logistical details for events in the district. This person
will also staff the Congressmember at events and will be required to take
photos and videos as well.
The position also entails working with the district staff to plan various events
and constituent engagement opportunities throughout the district and around
the Congresswoman’s goals, such as health care, climate change and the
environment. This person will help the District Director and Scheduler to
develop a long- term, local scheduling plan, will work with the district staff to
target priority communities, and will balance the Congresswoman’s public
appearances in each area of the district and with key constituencies. This
Page 1 of 19

position will also oversee the office’s event planning checklist, and assist with
the franked mail program.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter, including salary requirements, to
Resume.Inbox7@mail.house.gov
MEM-401-19

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Democratic Staff has an
opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones;
receiving visitors at the front desk; assisting with the tracking and processing
of committee correspondence; receiving, tracking and processing large
document productions; providing administrative support for committee
hearings, markups and meetings; entering data and navigating databases with
accuracy; and proofreading documents and correspondence for style and
typographical errors.
Applicants must have excellent organizational and time management skills;
the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; strong written
and oral communication skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel;
good judgment and discretion; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and
projects. One year of prior Capitol Hill experience is strongly preferred.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages
candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-400-19

Congresswoman Marcia L. Fudge seeks a Staff Assistant for her flagship
office in Warrensville Heights, OH. The successful candidate will work well
under tight deadlines, is organized, hard-working, detail oriented, has
excellent customer service skills and is a team player. greets visitors, answers
the telephone and constituent requests for general information and other
inquiries, assists the District Director & Scheduler as needed, and drafts all
proclamations, letters of congratulations, etc. In addition, responsibilities
include taking photos at official events, and assisting with other
administrative and casework duties as assigned.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Answers and screens telephone calls for the Member and staff, taking
messages when appropriate;
•Greets and screens visitors;
•Receives and handles all requests for proclamations, congratulatory letters,
etc.;
•Assists persons who have appointments with the Member or staff, and works
closely with the Scheduler/Office Manager to ensure the smooth coordination
of the Member’s appointments;
•Assists with the processing of constituent mail;
Page 2 of 19

•Responds to constituent requests for information;
•Receives deliveries and distributes them as appropriate in a timely manner;
•Ensures that requests for assistance are timely directed to appropriate staff;
•Documents visitor opinions on issues communicated via telephone, including
full name, address, and all appropriate, relevant information;
•Performs general administrative assignments;
•Manages the transmission, receipt and distribution of faxes;;
•Answers constituent letters, as directed;
•Provides information on and generates ideas for press, new media, mass
mailings, and newsletters; and
•Performs special projects assigned by the Congresswoman, Chief of Staff or
District Director.
The successful candidate will:
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff and
constituents;
•Communicate with diverse personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
•Be able to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Work well under pressure and handle stress in a productive way;
•Be available to work long hours, nights, and weekends as may be needed;
and
•Perform other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
•Bachelor’s Degree
•Prior Congressional staff assistant or intern experience preferred, but not
required
REQUIRED SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE:
•Ability to use digital work center, computers, telephones and other office
equipment;
•Excellent organizational skills;
•Strong ability to organize and prioritize tasks;
•Excellent writing and proofreading/editing skills;
•Professional telephone etiquette;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
•Knowledge of office computer applications; and
•Proficiency in use of most recently revised Microsoft Office Suite
applications and new media technology.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment and noise levels are
usually moderate; and
•Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy is
required.

Page 3 of 19

Familiarity with the state of Ohio, and the 11th Congressional District is
preferred but not required. Interested applicants must submit a cover letter,
resume, and writing sample to Clifton.Williams@mail.house.gov, including
“OH11 Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
MEM-399-19

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced, creative and highly motivated Communications Director to
serve on the Congresswoman’s senior team.
The Communications Director will:
• Serve as the primary spokesperson for the Congresswoman;
• Develop and maintain strong relationships with reporters, editors, producers,
bookers and social media influencers;
• Proactively engage in media outreach, including pitching and fielding press
inquiries;
• Manage the development of press releases, speeches and op-eds;
• Oversee an ambitious digital communications program;
• Supervise a Press Secretary and Digital Strategist;
• Prepare and staff the Congresswoman for press events and interviews; and
• Work collaboratively with the District Office to ensure strong local media
engagement.
The ideal candidate will be a strong writer and seasoned manager who can
think strategically, work collaboratively, and manage an ambitious
communications program in a fast-paced setting under tight deadlines. This is
a senior position, and will be compensated accordingly.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
three writing samples (including one speech) and three references by Friday,
August 23.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Communications Director” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-398-19

The Office of Congresswoman Marcia L. Fudge (OH-11) seeks a
hardworking, people-oriented, and highly organized Caseworker/Field
Representative to join her staff. The position is located in Warrensville
Heights OH, but serves the entire Congressional District.
The successful candidate will provide relevant service to constituents and
often represent the Congresswoman within his or her portfolio areas of
responsibility.

Page 4 of 19

Essential job functions include but are not limited to: establishing and
maintaining relationships with local organizations, business and community
leaders on behalf of the Congresswoman; monitoring district and local issues;
acting as liaison to federal agencies; handling casework; managing special
projects; and assisting with events and other activities as assigned. Since
travel throughout the district is required, the successful candidate must have a
valid driver’s license, reliable transportation and appropriate automobile
insurance.
The ideal candidate will also have:
•excellent verbal and written communications skills;
•exceptional organizational skills;
•the ability to work well in a fast-paced, sometimes high stress environment;
•the desire and ability to work within and add value to a cross-functional
team;
•the ability to adapt and be flexible; and
•the ability to anticipate problems, take initiative, and offer solutions.
Familiarity with the state of Ohio, and the 11th Congressional District is
preferred. Interested applicants must submit a cover letter, resume, and
writing sample to Clifton.Williams@mail.house.gov, including “OH11
Caseworker/Field Rep” in the subject line.
MEM-397-19

The Office of Congresswoman Marcia L. Fudge seeks a Part Time Staff
Assistant for her Summit County office located in Akron, Ohio. The
successful candidate will be a well-organized, proactive professional who
interacts well with the public, follows instructions, performs well under
pressure and maturely contributes as an effective team member. The salary
will be based on experience.
Tour of Duty:
Work Hours: 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
Days of Work: Monday through Friday
Required Skills:
•Strong interpersonal skills
•Effective and professional phone etiquette
•Attention to detail
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite
•Ability to complete tasks efficiently and thoroughly and meet deadlines
•Strong writing skills
•Online research skills
•Highly motivated and able to take initiative
•Ability to work with a cross-functional team

Page 5 of 19

Duties:
•Greet visitors, answer telephones, field inquiries from constituents
•Light scheduling for the Outreach Coordinator
•Review and distribute correspondence, as needed
•Inventory control
•Other duties as assigned
Application Process:
Send cover letter, resume and writing sample to Clifton Williams at
Clifton.Williams@mail.house.gov and Joan Williams at
Joan.Williams@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or telephone calls please.
MEM-395-19

North Bay legislative office seeking District Scheduler/Office Manager:
Responsibilities include coordinating the legislator’s California schedule by
making travel and meeting arrangements while anticipating and responding to
day-to-day developments; serving as the office's primary point of contact for
constituents, elected officials, and nonprofit and advocacy organizations
seeking meetings in the district; coordinating with staff (including field,
legislative, press, and campaign) to identify schedule priorities, and then
working proactively to make short- and long-term decisions to implement
plans; working directly with the district director, the legislator, and his family,
on logistics for work, travel, and personal matters.
Also responsible for assisting the Capitol office and District Director on
maintaining financial and expense records, and with various administrative
duties. Opportunities for additional responsibilities commensurate with skills
and abilities. A successful candidate will be highly organized, detail oriented,
possess strong writing skills, have experience working in a fast-paced office,
and the ability to maintain a professional, flexible, and cheerful demeanor
while managing multiple and competing tasks and projects.
Please send cover letter and resume to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with
the subject like “CA02 District Scheduler/Office Manager.”

MEM-394-19

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks an
active and reliable Digital Press Secretary. Responsibilities include
managing the website, crafting content for social media channels, developing
graphics and videos, covering hearings and press events, and working with
our press team to identify new ways to engage our followers.
Successful candidates will have at least 1 to 2 years of communications and
digital experience. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. Ideal candidates will be proficient in Adobe programs
(Photoshop, Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro, Audition, and After
Effects), CMS, CSS, HTML, manual photography, analytics, and enjoy
working in a fast-paced, rapid response environment.
Page 6 of 19

Candidates should submit a resume and portfolio with the subject line
“Digital Press Secretary” to Oversightpress@mail.house.gov. Please, no
phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-390-19

District Field Representative. The district office of Congressman Frank
Pallone, Jr. seeks a hard-working, organized individual for positions available
in Long Branch and New Brunswick. These positions entail community
outreach, constituent case work, and staffing and driving the Congressman.
Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials,
representing the Congressman at community and governmental events,
special projects, as well as general office work.
Candidates should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills,
and must enjoy working with the public. We are seeking a dedicated, hardworking, team player. Prior experience in government, the non-profit sector,
community and grassroots organizing is preferred.
To apply for this position, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample,
and references by email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov. Valid driver’s license
is required. No telephone calls or drop ins, please.

MEM-385-19

LEGISLATIVE AIDE – California Democrat seeks Legislative Aide to
assist an active and dynamic legislative team. Candidates should have
excellent research, writing, and communication skills. Duties include
administrative assistance, research, special projects, and constituent
correspondence. Prior experience on Capitol Hill is preferred. Office is an
equal opportunity employer.
Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
to CADemocratResumes@gmail.com

MEM-384-19

Active Republican Energy and Commerce Member seeks an Executive
Assistant to manage the Member’s schedule and office logistics. Primary
duties include processing all scheduling requests, maintaining the Member’s
schedule, and ensuring the Member has briefing materials for all meetings in
D.C. and the district.
The qualified candidate will be:
•Highly organized and skilled at handling multiple tasks at once;
•Detail oriented;
•Able to keep up in a fast paced environment;
•Proactive, anticipating the needs and expectations of the Member;
•Team oriented with good communication skills; and
•Resourceful and able to solve problems creatively and independently.

Page 7 of 19

This is not an entry-level position and prior Congressional experience is
preferred. To apply please send a resume and cover letter to
GOPhousescheduler@gmail.com
MEM-382-19

Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard’s Hawaii District Office in Honolulu has an
opening for a full-time staff assistant. Job responsibilities include fielding
constituent calls, processing mail, internship program coordination,
processing casework intake and constituent requests for information,
maintaining a photographic database, drafting correspondence, maintaining
office equipment, and other administrative duties as needed. In addition, the
staff assistant occasionally represents Congresswoman Gabbard at community
meetings or events.
We are seeking applicants to join our fun, team-oriented, hard-working office.
The ideal candidate will possess a can-do attitude and will be process and
solution oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter
and will possess the capacity to produce high quality work on short deadlines.
He or she will also have a demonstrated ability to communicate effectively
with colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work environment.
Please do not call or drop in to the office; qualified applicants may email a
cover letter, resume and two writing samples with “Staff Assistant” in the
email title to: hi02jobs@gmail.com. Veteran applications are welcome!

MEM-381-19

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff seeks dedicated,
organized and enthusiastic candidates to join the Communications and
Technology Subcommittee staff as Professional Staff Member or Counsel.
The jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes traditional and emerging
communications technologies generally and as they relate to emergency and
public safety communications, consumer protection, cybersecurity, privacy,
and data security.
The subcommittee oversees the Federal Communications Commission, the
National Telecommunications and Information Administration, the Office of
Emergency Communications in the Department of Homeland Security, and all
aspects of the above-referenced jurisdiction related to the Department of
Homeland Security.
The position requires the handling of substantive legislative and
administrative tasks, including staffing hearings and markups, conducting
oversight, and drafting legislation. Qualified candidates must have strong
writing, analytical, legislative, and organizational skills; a proven ability to
perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with competing
priorities; a willingness to work long hours and weekends; and sound political
judgment. Candidates should have experience working with relevant public

Page 8 of 19

interest groups, the FCC, Congress, and industry. Law degree preferred but
not required.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability,
or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to
apply. Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and at least two
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line
C&T PSM/Counsel Candidate
MEM-380-19

TITLE: Constituent Services Representative, Palmdale REPORTS TO:
Deputy District Director
SUMMARY:
The Office of Congresswoman Katie Hill is looking for a full-time
Constituent Services Representative to act as an accessible, approachable, and
effective bridge between the community and the office. The Constituent
Services Representative will lead the office’s veterans casework and
community outreach operation to deliver excellent constituent services. The
right candidate is a self-starter, passionate about civil service, and is able to
work both independently and as part of a team. Those with experience and a
strong interest in working with veterans are encouraged to apply.
This is a full-time salaried position, reporting to the Deputy District Director.
The Constituent Services Representative will be based out of the Palmdale
district office during normal operating hours and is also expected to attend
events outside the office during the week, some evenings, and on weekends.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
●To assist constituents with cases involving federal agencies, predominantly
the United States Department of Veterans Affairs
●to represent the Member and the office at community events and in meetings
●to assist the District team in planning and staffing events hosted by our
office
●to answer correspondence and verbal communications with constituents
including answering the telephone, greeting visitors to the office, and
responding to constituent requests for general information;
●to maintain a professional and courteous front office; and
●to take the lead on various community outreach and legislative projects, as
assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
●Minimum of 3 years work experience, preferably in a related field, such as
social work or customer service;
●a strong track record of community service;
●demonstrable knowledge of local issues and events in which the Member is
Page 9 of 19

involved or in key issue areas;
●strong oral and written communication skills, including proven ability to
convey empathy and exercise discretion and good judgement;
●proficiency in word processing, operation of office equipment, and general
tech savvy;
●excellent organizational skills, thoroughness, and careful attention to detail;
●skill in organizing and prioritizing work tasks and activities;
●ability to work well under pressure;
●ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; and
●availability to work nights and weekends, as necessary.
DUTIES:
Constituent Casework
●Communicates with federal agency liaisons and follows through with
constituents to deliver updates and final outcomes of their cases;
●continually screens active cases to ensure that they are handled in a
responsive manner;
●assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the Deputy District Director and District Director; and
●screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices.
Constituent Services
●Actively listens to the concerns of constituents, empathizes, and ensures that
requests for assistance are handled in a timely manner;
●is an expert in all matters related to maintaining a professional, courteous
office environment, including greeting and screening visitors, answering and
screening telephone calls, taking messages, assisting persons who have
appointments, handling materials delivered to the office in a timely manner,
maintaining the office voicemail, and logging constituent opinions, including
full name, address, and all relevant information; and
●serves as an excellent role model for interns and fellow staff, training others
to handle office matters such as logging incoming and outgoing
correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations.
Community Outreach
●Acts as a community representative for the Member within his or her areas
of responsibility including communicating with constituents, attending events,
and planning official events where the Member may be present;
●works closely with the Deputy District Director to ensure that the Member's
appointments are on time and preparatory materials are provided;
●informs the Deputy District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned
issue areas by screening district media sources, interacting with constituents,
and building relationships with community groups;
●works independently and as part of the team to execute various community
outreach and legislative projects, as assigned; and

Page 10 of 19

●prepares weekly reports for the Deputy District Director on district activities
in his or her assigned issue areas.
To apply, please send resume and cover letter to:
Andrea.Rosenthal@mail.house.gov
MEM-379-19

TITLE: Constituent Services Assistant, Simi Valley REPORTS TO:
Constituent Services Representative
SUMMARY:
The Constituent Services Assistant serves as an accessible, approachable, and
effective bridge between the community and the Office of Congresswoman
Katie Hill. The Constituent Services Assistant conducts casework and
community outreach to deliver excellent constituent services. This individual
is a self-starter, passionate about civil service, and is able to work both
independently and as part of a team.
This role is a part-time position, reporting to the Constituent Services
Representative in Simi Valley. The Constituent Services Assistant is based
out of the Simi Valley district office during normal operating hours and will
have the opportunity to attend occasional events on behalf of the office during
the week, some evenings, and on weekends.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
●To assist constituents with cases involving federal agencies,
●to assist the District team in planning and staffing events hosted by our
office
●to answer correspondence and verbal communications with constituents
including answering the telephone, greeting visitors to the office, and
responding to constituent requests for general information;
●to maintain a professional and courteous front office; and
●to take the lead on with various community outreach and legislative projects,
as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
●Prior work or educational experience in a related field, such as social work
or customer service;
●a strong track record of community service;
●strong oral and written communication skills, including proven ability to
convey empathy and exercise discretion and good judgement;
●proficiency in word processing, operation of office equipment, and general
tech savvy;
●excellent organizational skills, thoroughness, and careful attention to detail;
●skill in organizing and prioritizing work tasks and activities;
●ability to work well under pressure; and
●ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Page 11 of 19

DUTIES:
●Communicates with federal agency liaisons and follows through with
constituents to deliver updates and final outcomes of their cases;
●continually screens active cases to ensure that they are handled in a
responsive manner;
●screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
●actively listens to the concerns of constituents, empathizes, and ensures that
requests for assistance are handled in a timely manner; and
●maintains a professional, courteous office environment, including greeting
and screening visitors, answering and screening telephone calls, taking
messages, assisting persons who have appointments, handling materials
delivered to the office in a timely manner, maintaining the office voicemail,
and logging constituent opinions, including full name, address, and all
relevant information.
●works independently and as part of the team to execute various community
outreach and legislative projects, as assigned; and
●prepares weekly reports for the Constituent Services Representative on
district activities in his or her assigned issue areas.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to:
Melissa.Pender@mail.house.gov
MEM-378-19

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a District Representative
for his Fairfield office. Job responsibilities include monitoring district and
local issues; acting as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies in
Solano County; working with constituents who have an issue with a federal
agency ensuring they receive a timely response; and ensuring that the office is
appropriately staffed during office hours.
Qualified candidates should be hard working and possess excellent oral and
written communications skills, have knowledge of Solano County, the ability
to multi-task, meet deadlines, and produce a quality work product. A flexible
schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer. Interested applicants should submit a cover
letter, resume, and writing sample to ca.03.resumes@gmail.com, please
include District Representative in the subject line.

MEM-376-19

The Office of Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (D-CT) seeks a staff assistant
for her Washington, DC office. Duties include: greeting visitors, answering
the telephone constituent requests for general information, tours, and other
inquiries, ordering all office supplies and maintaining office equipment,
among other administrative and legislative duties as assigned.

Page 12 of 19

The ideal candidate will: work well under pressure and handle stress, be able
to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner, have the ability to work cooperatively and courteously
with others, accept performance-based criticism and direction, and be able to
work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
To apply for this position, please email Jahana.Hayes@mail.house.gov with a
cover letter and resume, with email subject line “STAFF ASSISANT FIRST
NAME LAST NAME.” No walk-ins or calls, please.
MEM-375-19

House Committee seeks detail-oriented, organized Assistant Clerk/Security
Manager. This person will work with the Chief Clerk & Deputy Clerk to
coordinate logistical aspects of hearings, markups, and Committee meetings.
Other responsibilities include managing the Legislative Calendar, hearing
documents, Committee archives, and the transcript review process. This
person would also serve as the Committee’s Security Manager to manage
classified and sensitive materials, briefings, hearings, meetings, etc. The
Assistant Clerk / Security Manager would also manage security clearances for
Members and staff, manage the Committee SCIF, and work effectively with
the House Security Office.
Candidates must possess excellent attention to detail, good written and verbal
communication skills, and be able to handle multiple projects simultaneously
in a demanding work environment.
TS or TS/SCI clearance is required. Prior Hill experience is strongly
preferred.
Interested candidates should e-mail a cover letter and resume to
Oversightjobs@mail.house.gov with “Assistant Clerk/Security Manager” in
the subject line.

MEM-373-19

House Republican Member of Congress seeks an experienced individual to
serve as his Executive Assistant in his Washington, D.C. office. This
individual will also serve as the Office Manager and Intern Coordinator.
Position duties include, but are not limited to: maintaining Member’s
Washington, DC and district calendars, managing all incoming meeting
requests and invitations, coordinating travel and logistics, processing office
invoices for vendor payment, maintaining stock of office supplies, overseeing
the day-to-day operations of the office, processing/scheduling all incoming
tour requests, managing the office’s internship program, and other duties as
required.
Applicants should be well-organized, possess a keen attention to detail, work

Page 13 of 19

well in a fast-paced environment and have strong interpersonal skills. No
phone calls or drop-ins, please.
Please submit resume and cover letter to
executiveassistantjob2019@gmail.com
MEM-367-19

West Coast Democrat seeks an innovative and self-directed Press Aide/Press
Secretary.
Duties of the position include but are not limited to:
·Coordinating and managing all district and national communications
operations.
·Developing and executing a proactive press strategy.
·Drafting written materials including press releases, op-eds, and talking
points.
·Planning and coordinating press conferences and other media events.
·Pitching and booking interviews with local and national media outlets.
·Oversee all social media platforms and website content.
·Build and maintain excellent relationships with members of the district and
national and media and act as a spokesperson for the Member.
Qualifications and skills for the position:
. Exceptional oral and written communication skills, as well as excellent
interpersonal skills.
. Excellent writing skills with a strong attention to detail.
·The ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
·Applicants should have superior organizational abilities.
·A successful candidate will be discreet, goal oriented, and driven.
·A sense of humor and the ability to work well as an individual and as a
member of a team.
·Professional Spanish fluency is required.
If interested, please email a resume, cover letter, and references to
CAJobs@mail.house.gov with “Press Aide/Press Secretary” in the subject
line. Relevant press experience is required. Salary will be commensurate with
experience. This is not an entry level position.

MEM-365-19

Moderate Midwestern Member seeks a hardworking, detail-oriented and
highly-organized Director of Scheduling to be based out of the Washington,
D.C., office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and
long-term schedules in D.C. and the district. Responsibilities will include, but
not be limited to: preparing and executing the Member’s daily, weekly, and
long-term schedules in both D.C. and the District; coordinating all travel for
the Member; managing incoming scheduling requests from D.C. and the
Page 14 of 19

District; managing weekly scheduling meetings; and coordinating various
other projects and administrative duties as assigned.
The Director of Scheduling will work closely with the Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, Communications Director, and District Director on a
weekly basis to ensure all scheduling needs are met. The scheduler will
develop in-depth knowledge of the district’s geography and key stakeholders
in order to strategically and creatively support district staff.
The ideal candidate will be an excellent communicator with exceptional
organizational skills, an ability to work well in a demanding and fast-paced
environment, and an ability to anticipate problems, take initiative, and offer
solutions. Previous Congressional scheduling or executive-level experience
required. This is not an entry-level position. Salary commensurate with
experience.
This Office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity, or expression, or sexual orientation. Women, people of color,
veterans, and LGBTQIA individuals are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please Email your resume and cover letter to
MidWestDemjob2020@gmail.com with Subject Line “Midwestern Moderate
– Scheduler”
MEM-360-19

The Office of Congresswoman Cindy Axne (IA-03) seeks a hardworking,
people-oriented, and highly-organized District Representative/Caseworker
to join our Des Moines constituent services congressional office.
The District Representative/Caseworker acts as a representative for the
Congresswoman within his or her area of responsibility. Essential job
functions include, but are not limited to: establishing and maintaining
relationships with local organizations, community leaders, and elected
officials on behalf of the Office; monitoring district and local issues; acting as
liaison to federal agencies; handling casework; managing special projects; and
assisting with events and other activities. Some travel is required.
The ideal candidate will have:
•excellent verbal and written communications skills;
•exceptional organizational skills;
•the ability to work well in a fast-paced environment;
•the ability to adapt and be flexible; and
•the ability to anticipate problems, take initiative, and offer solutions.
Candidates should have interest in addressing issues affecting Iowans.
Familiarity with the state and congressional district is preferred.
Page 15 of 19

This Office is an equal opportunity employer. Interested applicants should
submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample (2-3 pages) to
Kaitryn.Patchett@mail.house.gov
MEM-357-19

Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere,
Civilian Security, and Trade is seeking a Staff Associate to handle day to day
administration, subcommittee event coordination, intern management,
conduct policy research, draft press and social media statements, and other
tasks as assigned. Spanish proficiency required. The Staff Associate will serve
as a subcommittee staffer coordinating hearings and assisting with preparing
legislative documents.
Successful candidates will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and
detail-oriented, with strong writing and communication skills and able to
work in a fast-paced environment. Candidates must hold a bachelor’s degree
and demonstrate clear interest in U.S. policy toward Latin America and the
Western Hemisphere more broadly. Previous Hill experience is preferred but
not required. Previous relevant work experience is preferred.
Qualified candidates should send resume and cover letter to
WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Staff Associate.” No calls or
drop-ins.

MEM-344-19

House Committee (Democratic Staff) is looking for a proactive, experienced
oversight counsel. Responsibilities include planning and conducting
congressional oversight and advising in policy matters related to oversight of
issues within the committee’s jurisdiction. Candidates must possess relevant
legal experience, excellent research and writing skills, and strong analytical
and communication skills. Must also be a team player and able to work well
under pressure and with quick deadlines. Experience with congressional
oversight preferred; Hill experience is a plus.
J.D. is required; please no recent graduates. This is not an entry level position.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-337-19

Progressive U.S. Member of Congress has an immediate opening for a highly
motivated Outreach Representative to join their District Office. This is a
full-time position.
Duties for this position include, but are not limited to: attending community
outreach events on behalf of the Member and District Office; working with
local businesses, merchant associations, community organizations, and
agencies to assist them in navigating the services provided by the federal
Page 16 of 19

government; organizing and participating in community projects and events;
and developing and executing outreach strategies with the Outreach Director.
Other qualifications include strong communication, writing and presentation
skills, event planning experience, and knowledge of the District and the
greater Brooklyn area.
The Outreach Representative will also serve as liaison to Community Boards,
Precincts Councils and Block Associations.
Valid driver’s license preferred. Fluency in Haitian Creole or Russian is
highly preferred. Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is
required.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of
all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age,
sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis
protected by law.
Please send resume and cover letter to NYDemocrat@mail.house.gov
MEM-336-19

Progressive U.S. Member of Congress has an immediate opening for a highlymotivated Constituent Services Representative to join their District Office.
This is a full-time position.
Must have extraordinary interpersonal skills, be customer service oriented, be
highly-motivated and organized, exhibit a professional demeanor and work
ethic. Excellent writing skills are required. Other qualifications include strong
analytical skills and experience with casework pertaining to issues such as
immigration, veterans’ affairs, social security, housing, and more.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: developing and executing
constituent services plans with Constituent Services Director, responding to
constituent casework, meeting with constituents, as well as working with local
and federal agencies to navigate relevant services provided. Valid driver’s
license preferred. Fluency in Haitian Creole or Russian is highly preferred.
Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is required.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of
all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age,
sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis
protected by law.
Please send resume and cover letter to NYDemocrat@mail.house.gov

MEM-334-19

The Office of Congressman Don Beyer seeks a scheduler for his Washington,
DC office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and
Page 17 of 19

long-term schedule in DC and the district. This individual will work closely
with the Member, DC staff, and District staff.
The ideal candidate will have prior scheduling experience on the Hill, be well
organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and able to work effectively in a
fast-paced work environment. The salary for this position will be
commensurate with experience. This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
invitations and scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; and
managing operational and logistical support for all aspects of the office.
Applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and references to
Beyerstaff@gmail.com with “Scheduler” in the subject line. No phone calls,
faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-279-19

Senior Republican Member on Appropriations looking for Communications
Director. Ideal candidates should have 3-5 years of Hill experience, strong
writing skills, are detailed oriented, and familiar working with the media.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Interested applicants should send their cover letter, resume and writing
samples to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov

MEM-252-19

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative counsel to join our Washington, DC-based policy
team.
The legislative counsel will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will
be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
Page 18 of 19

To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative counsel applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

Page 19 of 19

