House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 19, 2018

MEM-100-18

Legislative Assistant – T&I Subcommittee Ranking Member is seeking a
highly energetic, motivated and organized lawyer with strong interpersonal
and writing skills. The ideal candidate will be able to manage multiple tasks
and work well under pressure. The Legislative Assistant works with the Chief
Counsel/Legislative Director and with the Chief of Staff to develop and
implement the Member’s legislative strategy in his/her issue areas; prepares
materials for hearings; drafts legislation, amendments, and congressional
record statements; and conducts research. Responsibilities include managing
and handling the Member’s transportation and infrastructure portfolio that
includes but is not limited to highways and transit, economic development,
aviation, railroads, water resources and emergency management. The ability
to write well under tight deadlines is essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented problem
solver and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior Hill,
law firm or similar experience is preferred. Candidate must possess a law

Page 1 of 4

degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of
Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov..
MEM-095-18

Rep. Scott Peters of San Diego is seeking an experienced, assertive and
creative press secretary to join our DC office. The Press Secretary will be
part of an aggressive communications team and responsible for assisting with
media strategy development and implementation, including: drafting
statements, releases, talking points, opinion editorials and responses to
reporter queries; generating ideas for press conferences; pitching story ideas;
managing coverage of legislative action and events; and serving as an on-therecord spokesperson as necessary. Applicants must be able to generate ideas
that produce local and national media coverage that raise awareness of the
Congressman’s priorities, must have a minimum of two years of experience as
communications staff in a political office, and must be a strong writer and
needs to either have a strong network of national media reporters or be able to
build one. Applicants will be required to perform a long-form writing test.
Candidates with political campaign experience and San Diego ties strongly
preferred. This is not an entry level position.
Interested applicants must send a resume, three writing samples (one news
release, one op ed, and one speech/talking points), along with three
professional references to SDRepCommsJob@gmail.com.

MEM-082-18

Conservative Western Republican is seeking a Legislative Correspondent in
his DC office to manage all aspects of constituent correspondence. Ideal
candidates will have knowledge of the legislative process, excellent writing
and organizational skills, strong attention to detail, and familiarity with
iConstituent. Duties include, but are not limited to, processing incoming
correspondence through iConstituent, drafting timely responses, assisting with
updating website, creating graphics/images and assisting with projects and
events. Western ties are preferred but not required. Email résumé, cover
letter and two writing samples to WesternRepublicanJob@yahoo.com.

MEM-078-18

The press office of Rep. Louise Slaughter (NY-25) and the House Rules
Committee is seeking a social media manager & press assistant to join an
aggressive communications team. Responsibilities include managing the
congresswoman’s digital media channels, including website and social media
accounts, developing engaging online content, writing e-newsletters, and
taking photos and video. The social media manager & press assistant will also
compile press clips, copy-edit press releases and talking points, and other
projects as necessary. Must be comfortable working collaboratively to execute
a broad communications strategy. Prior press and/or digital experience and
familiarity with both graphic design and video editing is preferred. Ideal
Page 2 of 4

candidates must also have strong written and verbal communications skills
and be able to work demanding hours in a fast-paced environment.
Interested candidates must submit a resume, cover letter, two writing samples,
and two examples of social media or digital media work to
digitalpressposting@mail.house.gov. Candidates will be considered on a
rolling basis until the position is filled.
MEM-076-18

California Democrat (Rep. Jerry McNerney, CA-09) seeks experienced
legislative director to develop and advance long-term legislative agenda.
Legislative Director will work closely with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Communications Director, District Director, and staff to advance Member’s
priorities and implement strategic legislative and outreach strategies.
Successful candidate must work well in a collaborative, team-oriented
environment and have the ability to oversee an active legislative team in
implementing and advancing an expansive legislative agenda.
Legislative Director must be highly organized, detail oriented, and able to
manage multiple tasks and projects. Excellent interpersonal skills and written
and verbal communication, as well as strong editing and proofreading abilities
are required.
Ideal candidate will be politically astute and have a good sense of humor and
positive attitude.
Successful candidate must have the ability to thrive in a demanding, fastpaced, deadline-driven environment, and must be able to respond to
challenging situations quickly and strategically.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill
experience and a solid knowledge of legislative and political processes will be
considered. Prior experience serving as a Legislative Director or working on
Energy and Commerce Committee-related policy issues – including energy,
environment, and water – is strongly preferred.
California ties, Spanish literacy, and previous supervisory experience are a
plus. Minorities and candidates with CA-09 ties are encouraged to apply.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to: McNerneyResumes@mail.house.gov.
No calls or drop ins, please.

MEM-070-18

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a press secretary for his
Washington office. Spanish skills and Hill experience a plus. Send resume,

Page 3 of 4

brief writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov.
No drop-ins please.
MEM-064-18

Senior Rocky Mountain Democrat is seeking a legislative assistant to
manage a very active health care portfolio, including the Member’s leadership
of two high-profile caucuses. Candidates should have at least three years of
experience developing and implementing legislative strategies in a
Congressional office. Strong research, writing, and negotiation skills are
essential. An advanced degree in a health field is preferred. The ideal
candidate will be creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be
able to have fun while maintaining a busy schedule. Interested applicants
should send a cover letter and resume to rockymountainhealthla@gmail.com.

Page 4 of 4

