House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 19, 2015
MEM-316-15

Senior Midwest Appropriator seeks a Legislative Correspondent to handle
issue-specific constituent communications and legislative research.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting constituent
correspondence, tracking legislation, meeting with constituents and interest
groups, briefing the Congressman, and generally supporting the legislative
and front office operations. Candidate must be highly dependable, flexible,
value responsiveness to constituents, and have superior organizational and
writing skills. Knowledge of the legislative process and Indiana ties a plus.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to
in01.resume@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Correspondent” in the subject
line. No calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.

MEM-302-15

Congresswoman Norma J. Torres is seeking an energetic, communityoriented individual for the position of District Representative.
The position will be based in the Ontario, CA District Office.
The District Representative will act as a liaison between constituent groups
and Congresswoman Torres, in addition to initiating community outreach
projects. The District Representative will respond to in-person, written and
Page 1 of 4

telephone inquiries from constituents, as well as make legislative and
ceremonial presentations on behalf of Congresswoman Torres. The District
Representative will also maintain an awareness and involvement in district
affairs, representing the Congresswoman at public events in the district. In
addition, the District Representative will work with the Press Secretary to
maintain Congresswoman Torres’ social media accounts.
Necessary qualifications:










Strong public speaking skills
Flexible schedule; the ability to attend early morning, evening and
weekend events
The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and
compassion
Strong writing skills
Problem solving abilities
The ability to exercise a high degree of initiative
The ability to work independently and use good judgment
The ability to maintain confidentiality
Knowledge of the cities, communities and issues of concern to the 35th
Congressional District

Bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
caldemresumes@gmail.com with “District Representative” in the subject.
No phone calls please.
MEM-297-15

Conservative western republican seeks motivated and aggressive
Communications Director to work placement of stories in local district
media. Must have demonstrated experience working with various forms of
media, pitching stories, and solid verbal and writing skills. Understanding of
policy issues and ability to critically think of district implications a must.
Send resume and cover letter to western.jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-292-15

Progressive Tennessee Member seeks experienced, media-savvy, proactive
Communications Director to manage a fast-paced communications
operation. Responsibilities include developing and implementing a
coordinated and strategic communications plan; identifying emerging press
opportunities; writing press releases, talking points, speeches and op-eds;
pitching stories and responding to press inquiries; booking interviews on radio
and television; scheduling and organizing press events; managing
congressional website, Facebook and Twitter accounts; producing a
comprehensive weekly e-newsletter and regular print mailings to constituents;
and fostering strong relationships with reporters to secure local and national
coverage of the member's work.
Page 2 of 4

Must work closely with DC and district staff to quickly grasp legislative and
local issues and communicate them effectively. Additionally, CD will be
responsible for portions of the office's mail operation. Strong political
judgment, good sense of humor and ability to work under short deadlines in a
rapidly changing environment is required. Must be comfortable with and
show good judgment speaking on the record with press. Ideal candidate will
have an existing network of press contacts, strong writing skills, political
savvy and ability to strategically connect DC policy with district press
opportunities.
Ideal candidate will have at least 3 years’ experience in media relations or in
journalism. Hill experience and Tennessee ties are a plus, as are knowledge
of Judiciary and Transportation issues.
Interested parties should send a cover letter, resume and 2 writing samples to
cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-276-15

Colorado Republican seeking Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant
with strong writing skills. Responsibilities include: management of
constituent mail and social media accounts; execution of 499 program;
drafting op-eds, press releases, and talking points; coordinating media efforts;
and working directly with the Communications Director. Applicants should
be able to write quickly and effectively in a fast paced environment. Colorado
ties and Hill experience a plus.
Please send a cover letter, writing sample, and resume to
ColoradoRepublican06@gmail.com.

MEM-273-15

Senior Member of Congress from the southern US seeks an experienced
staffer for a Legislative Director position. Only current/previous Legislative
Directors or Senior Legislative Assistants with experience will be considered.
Incumbent will be responsible for driving member legislative initiatives,
briefing the member and Chief of Staff on all policy matters, meetings with
relevant public interest groups and constituents, providing real time vote
recommendations, and assisting the Chief of Staff on policy matters.
Position requires a comprehensive knowledge of House procedures as well as
a working knowledge of all current issues debated in the House.
Team-oriented skill, outgoing personality, sense of humor, strong written and
oral communication and analytical skills, attention to detail, and management
skills are requirements. Staff members with ties to the south and staff with a
legal background will be given special consideration.
Send a cover letter, resume, 2 writing samples, and salary requirements to
HouseStaffOpening@gmail.com. NO PHONE CALLS OR DROP INS.
Page 3 of 4

MEM-265-15

Democratic Member has an opening for a Legislative Assistant to handle a
portfolio of judiciary issues and health care, among other
issues. Responsibilities will include developing and tracking legislative
initiatives, preparing briefing materials, representing the member in meetings
with interested parties, and writing constituent mail and floor statements.
An ability to work well with others in a fast-paced team environment and
strong writing skills, as well as a sense of humor, are a must.
The ideal candidate will have a law degree, previous Hill experience, and ties
to Maryland.
Please send cover letter with salary expectations, resume, two short writing
samples, and a list of references with subject line “Legislative Assistant” to
4mdresumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop bys, please.

MEM-261-15

Colorado Republican seeking Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant
with strong writing skills. Responsibilities include: management of
constituent mail and social media accounts; execution of 499 program;
drafting op-eds, press releases, and talking points; coordinating media efforts;
and working directly with the Communications Director. Applicants should
be able to write quickly and effectively in a fast paced environment. Colorado
ties and Hill experience a plus.
Please send a cover letter, writing sample, and resume to
ColoradoRepublican06@gmail.com.

Page 4 of 4

