House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 4, 2019

MEM-121-19

The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Press Secretary to
manage and coordinate all media and public relations activities in a very busy
and dynamic office. The ideal candidate will be able to develop and execute
integrated communications plans, collaborate effectively with colleagues and
implement all press strategies.
Responsibilities include building and expanding the office’s relationships
with media outlets, working with the Chief of Staff and Legislative Director
to develop media strategies, successfully pitching stories and press events to a
wide range of media outlets, responding to and managing media inquiries
Page 1 of 18

from diverse media outlets, writing op-eds, speeches, press releases,
statements and talking points. Responsibilities will also include working with
the deputy communications director in the District Office as well as
maintaining an active social media profile, managing the Member’s official
website, and other tasks.
Potential candidates must be able to thrive in a fast-paced office, have
excellent written and oral communication skills, and strong editing and
proofreading abilities. Candidates must be able to develop a keen
understanding of the unique priorities and views of the district and find ways
to advance the Member’s objectives.
This is a senior level position which requires dedication, close attention to
detail and the ability to think outside the box. Non-traditional work hours, and
travel to the District are to be expected. Hawaii ties are ideal but not required.
Veteran applications are welcome.
No calls or drop ins. Qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume
and writing samples to: hi02jobs@gmail.com

MEM-119-19

Congressman Paul Cook’s office seeks a Scheduler to handle all meeting and
invitation requests. Previous scheduling experience is preferred. California
ties preferred. Ideal candidates should be organized, display exceptional
attention to detail, and be able to handle a fast-paced and demanding work
environment. In addition, candidates should possess strong people skills with
the ability to communicate with a variety of personalities in a pleasant and
professional manner. Responsibilities include but are not limited to the
following: processing all scheduling requests, invitations, and events for the
Member’s calendar; responding to all invitations, either by email
correspondence or by personal telephone call; and handling Member
correspondence and travel. Additional responsibilities include some driving
and staffing the Member and other administrative tasks as assigned. Email
resume to with “Scheduler” in the subject line to cook.ca08.jobs@gmail.com
Page 2 of 18

MEM-116-19

The Office of Congressman G. K. Butterfield (D-NC) seeks an energetic,
organized, and creative Communications Director to join the Washington,
DC office. The Communications Director will be responsible for leading the
press and media operations, and developing and implementing the media,
communications, and public relations strategy for the Member. The
Communications Director reports directly to the Member and the Chief of
Staff, while closely collaborating with other members of the staff.
Primary Responsibilities
• Develop and execute creative strategies focused on highlighting the
member’s top priorities;
• Cultivate and maintain contact with key reporters in both Washington, DC
and North Carolina;
• Book the member on television, radio, and other platforms as well as pitch
to national and regional outlets;
• Organize press events, reporter backgrounders, press releases, floor
speeches, op-eds, social media and e-newsletter content, and other materials
as needed;
• Supervise and work in collaboration with the digital media assistant to
utilize digital assets to reach broader audiences;
• Help with other assignments and tasks as requested by the member and the
member’s three offices.
Minimum Qualifications
•Experience pitching stories, cultivating reporter relations, speaking on the
record, and staffing principles for interviews;
•Demonstrated understanding of media relations, the legislative process, and
the procedures and organization of the House of Representatives;
•Ability to work well in fast-paced environments and prioritize a varied
workload with the flexibility to adapt to the needs of the member, staff,
media, and the constituents;
•Strong writing and editing skills with the ability to turn projects around on
deadline.

Page 3 of 18

North Carolina ties and Capitol Hill experience are preferred, but not
required. Any interested applicant should be a team player. Applicants should
submit their resume, cover letter, and 2-3 work samples here.
URL: https://airtable.com/shrXJ6h70909EhTkL

MEM-113-19

Congresswoman Lauren Underwood (IL-14) is seeking a District Director
based in her West Chicago, Illinois office. The District Director will oversee
the management and operation of two district offices, including establishing a
second district office location and hiring and managing approximately 6
district office staff and interns. The District Director serves as a key liaison to
local organizations and elected officials and works closely with the DC-based
staff to provide unparalleled constituent services and develop and implement
immediate and long-term strategic outreach plans. Qualified candidates will
demonstrate management experience, a deep understanding of how to create
and maintain a culture of exceptional service, strong oral and written
communications skills, and strategic planning abilities. The position requires
the ability to multi-task, thrive under pressure, and the flexibility to work long
hours, including nights and weekends. Ties to the Illinois 14th Congressional
District and Illinois are preferred but not essential.
Women and people of color are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status. To apply for the District Director position, please send cover letter and
resume to Illinois14.DistrictJobs@gmail.com with “District Director” in the
subject line. Salary commensurate with experience. This is NOT an entrylevel position. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

Page 4 of 18

MEM-112-19

The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Deputy Chief of Staff
to lead operations of the DC office in a very busy and dynamic environment.
The ideal candidate will be able to develop and manage an integrated
communications and legislative strategy, advising on messaging strategy,
collaborate effectively with colleagues and work directly with the Member
and Chief of Staff. Background in Communications and/or Financial Services
welcome, but not required.
Potential candidates must be able to thrive in a fast-paced office, have strong
leadership abilities, excellent written and oral communication skills, and
editing/proofreading abilities. Candidates must be able to develop a keen
understanding of the unique priorities and views of the district and find ways
to advance the Member’s objectives.
This is a senior level position which requires dedication, close attention to
detail and creative problem-solving. Non-traditional work hours, and travel to
the District are to be expected. Hawaii ties are ideal but not required. Veteran
applications are welcome.
No calls or drop ins. Qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume
and writing samples to: hi02jobs@gmail.com

MEM-111-19

Senior Member on Appropriations looking for an experienced
Communications Director. Candidates should have Hill experience, strong
writing skills and experience working with the media. Salary commensurate
with experience. Interested applicants should send their cover letter, resume
and writing samples to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov.

Page 5 of 18

MEM-109-19

Congressman Donald McEachin is hiring a Communications Director to
work in his Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include
communications planning and press strategy for D.C. and the district; drafting
press materials including: remarks, talking points, newsletters, statements,
press releases, and media advisories; pitching media events; assisting with the
management of the Congressman’s social media accounts; interview
preparation; and overseeing the office’s franked mail program.
The ideal candidate is a strong writer, politically savvy, detail-oriented,
flexible, creative, and a self-starter. Occasional travel to the district and nontraditional hours - including night and weekend work - should be expected.
Congressional district or Virginia ties are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to: McEachinJobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-108-19

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a high-energy, highlyorganized, and detail-oriented District Staff Member for his office in
Gaithersburg, MD.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
●Serve as the official representative for the Member in the community.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships
for the Member.
●Monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
issues of importance.
Page 6 of 18

●Staff and provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and
events for the Member.
●Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
●Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
●Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
●Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
●Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
●Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
●Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
●Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
●Strong oral and written communication skills.
●Thorough knowledge of legislative process.
●Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
●Maryland ties are a plus.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to md06.jobs@gmail.com
with “District Staff” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk ins.

MEM-104-19

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett seeks Senior Health LA for Washington office. Not
an entry level job. Law degree a plus. Email cover letter, resume, and three
references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins please)
Reply with subject line, Senior Health LA.

Page 7 of 18

MEM-103-19

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett seeks Staff Assistant for Washington office.
Spanish a strong plus. Email cover letter, resume, and three references to:
DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins please) Reply with
subject line, Staff Assistant Application.

MEM-102-19

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce
Subcommittee on Health is seeking a Policy Analyst/Clerk available to start
immediately. Responsibilities include administrative duties, liaising with
member offices, aiding in preparation for and clerking Congressional hearings
and mark-ups, and some writing, editing, and proofing. Successful candidates
will be dependable, highly organized, and possess strong writing and
communication skills. Please send resume, cover letter, and a writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-100-19

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia seeks a Counsel to handle
her Judiciary Committee portfolio with a significant focus on immigration.
The position will also cover a wide ranging legislative portfolio of issues to
be determined. Candidates should have experience drafting, advancing, and
analyzing legislation and monitoring legislative developments along with a
Page 8 of 18

proven track record of developing ideas for legislation. This is not an entrylevel position.
Texas ties and Spanish fluency a plus. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages women, minorities, and LGBTQ candidates to
apply. Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to
TX29SG.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “TX-29 Judiciary Counsel” in the
subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-097-19

Congressman Denny Heck is hiring a Communications Director to work in
his Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include communications
planning; serving as on-the-record spokesperson and strategic
communications advisor; drafting speeches, talking points, and video scripts;
drafting press materials such as press releases, statements and media
advisories; preparing outreach materials such as email newsletters and mass
mailers; preparing memos for national TV appearances; staffing the member
during media interviews; and assisting in management of social media
accounts.
The communications director will work closely with the press secretary and
digital assistant to execute communications plans and responsibilities. The
ideal candidate is a strong writer with good press and political judgment. Hill
experience and Washington state ties preferred, but not required. Nontraditional hours and occasional travel to the district to be expected. We value
diversity and encourage applicants to highlight their diverse background in
their applications.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to
heck.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the
subject line. No drop-ins or phone calls, please.

Page 9 of 18

MEM-090-19

The House Small Business Committee Majority Staff seeks a Deputy Press
Secretary/ Digital Strategist to join an active communications office. The
individual will help to spearhead the Committee’s digital presence as well as
draft press materials such as press releases, talking points, and op-eds. Ideal
candidate is a politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative self-starter, who
is familiar with social media trends and able to use data to evaluate and
improve the digital program. This is a great opportunity for a dynamic staffer
with an interest in both the digital and traditional media realms. Ideal
candidate will have a minimum of one year of experience working in
communications, including working on Capitol Hill, or in government or a
campaign environment. Previous digital experience is required. The office is
an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply.
Qualified applicants should email a resume, cover letter, one writing and one
digital sample to hsbcdems@gmail.com with “Deputy Press Secretary/ Digital
Strategist” in the subject line.

Page 10 of 18

MEM-085-19

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT: Northeast Freshman Democrat on the
Agriculture and Education & Labor Committees seeks legislative assistant to
handle diverse policy portfolio. Candidates should be accomplished at
drafting, advancing, and analyzing legislation, monitoring legislative
developments, conducting research, and drafting vote recommendations. Ideal
candidates will have strong organizational and time management skills;
excellent written and verbal communication skills; positive attitude and
disposition suited to the work environment; solid knowledge of the legislative
process; and an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in an
unpredictable work environment. Connecticut ties are a plus but not required.
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested
parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume and two writing samples in a
single PDF to CT05employment@gmail.com with the following subject line:
First name Last Name - Legislative Assistant. No phone calls or walk-ins,
please.

MEM-084-19

Pennsylvania Congressman seeks proactive District Office Manager to
implement outreach objectives, strategies and operating plans for the
Congressman's district office and direct all activities and staff of the district
office. The District Office Manager will represent the Congressman and will
assign appropriate staff to do so in the district office as needed and will travel
throughout the district at regular intervals to meet with local constituents and
stakeholders. The ideal candidate must be strategic and must work well under
pressure and handle stress, and work a flexible schedule including long hours,
nights and weekends. Prior managerial experience, experience with
constituent casework, and coalition-building is essential. This is not an entry
level position. Interested applicants should send a resume to
pa01joblisting@gmail.com
Page 11 of 18

MEM-083-19

Midwestern Democrat seeks an experienced Executive Assistant for the
Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include coordinating and
maintaining the Member’s Washington and travel schedule and ensuring the
Member has materials, logistics and other support for daily activities. Some
driving, including at day and evening events, will be required. Qualified
applicants must be highly organized, experienced dealing with high profile
individuals and organizations, accustomed to working under tight deadlines
and with sensitive information. Several years of Capitol Hill or other relevant
scheduling and administrative experience are required. To apply, please
submit a resume and cover letter to ea.resumes2@mail.house.gov.

MEM-081-19

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) is seeking a highly
motivated individual with extensive legislative, management, and political
experience to join her team as Legislative Director. Responsibilities include
overseeing and executing the Congresswoman’s legislative agenda, including
her four Energy & Commerce subcommittee assignments, overseeing floor
activity, and managing a talented legislative staff. Qualified candidates should
have an in-depth knowledge of the legislative process, coalition building, and
have the ability to maintain strategic relationships with constituent
organizations. This position requires the ability to maintain, update, and
advance the Congresswoman’s legislative priorities both short- and long-term.
Candidates must be able to meet short deadlines and juggle many priorities in
a fast-paced environment. Ties to Delaware are a plus. This is not an entry
level position and this is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Salary
commensurate with experience. Interested candidates should send a cover
letter and resume to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Legislative Director” in
Page 12 of 18

the subject line by COB Wednesday, February 20, 2019. No phone calls,
drop-ins, or emails please.

MEM-079-19

The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski seeks a Scheduler/Executive
Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include managing
and maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term calendar in D.C., working
with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between
commitments, ensure the Member is provided with briefing materials for each
event and meeting, assisting with office management responsibilities, and
performing other duties as required. Capitol Hill and/or executive assistant
experience is preferred.
The ideal candidate would be detail-oriented, able to juggle multiple tasks at
once, and be able to handle last minute changes to the Member’s schedule.
This position can involve long hours while the Member is in Washington,
D.C. This position will report directly to the Chief of Staff and will require
availability by phone and email on weekends and evenings.
To apply, please email cover letter, and resume to
nj07resumes2018@gmail.com, with the subject line “Scheduler – last name.”

Page 13 of 18

MEM-078-19

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic (majority)
seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized staff assistant for fastpaced committee office. Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front
office such as receptionist duties, answer phone, greet visitors, ensure that
office and meeting rooms are kept in order; support staff in preparations for
committee events such as hearings, markups, meetings, and events; deliver
documents and obtain signatures on letters, training and supervising interns;
handle and sort incoming mail, maintaining both digital and paper records and
files, maintain office supplies and master basic equipment operations; assist
other staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and
other duties as assigned. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written
and oral communication skills, attention to detail, professionalism, and strong
organizational skills. Hill experience preferred but not required. Please submit
a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-077-19

The Committee on Energy and Commerce Majority seeks an organized and
enthusiastic Policy Analyst to assist with a legislative portfolio focusing on
energy and environment issues. The position requires handling administrative
tasks, but it also entails assisting with substantive legislative tasks and
member services. Qualified candidates must have excellent research, writing,
analytical, and organizational skills; a proven ability to perform under
pressure while juggling multiple tasks with competing priorities; and sound
political judgment. This is not an entry-level position; relevant Hill, academic,
and professional experience preferred. Please submit a cover letter, resume,
and short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. The Committee is an
equal opportunity employer. Diverse candidates, women, and veterans are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Page 14 of 18

MEM-070-19

Congressman Tom Malinowski (D-NJ) seeks a Washington, DC-based
Legislative Assistant (LA) to manage a demanding portfolio that includes
handling the Congressman’s Transportation & Infrastructure Committee, with
the possibility of additional issues based on expertise and interest. This is not
an entry-level position: previous congressional experience as an LA or
legislative correspondent, or equivalent experience working on federal
transportation or infrastructure policy, is required. The successful candidate
will demonstrate a mature understanding of the legislative and appropriations
processes, an ability to work effectively in a fast-paced and high-pressure
environment, and a collaborative and team-oriented attitude. Preference will
be shown to candidates with ties to New Jersey and/or familiarity with
transportation policy issues affecting the state. Interested candidates should
send a resume and cover letter to nj07resumes2018@gmail.com; no phone
calls or walk-ins, please. Subject line should read “Legislative Assistant - Last
Name.” Representative Malinowski is an equal opportunity employer
committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment.

MEM-069-19

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Government Operations—Subcommittee Staff Director
(District of Columbia)
Subcommittee Chairman on the House Committee on Oversight and Reform
seeks a Subcommittee Staff Director. The individual will manage the work
and staff of the Subcommittee, organize hearings, direct investigations,
develop legislation, and coordinate the Subcommittee’s activities with the full
committee.
Page 15 of 18

A qualified candidate will have knowledge of the legislative process and be
able to plan and execute a vigorous oversight agenda on topics related to
federal employees, the U.S. Postal Service, federal IT policy, and other
matters within the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
Applicants must have significant government or private sector supervisory
experience, excellent oral and written communication skills, and strong
attention to detail.
Hill experience and JD are preferred but not required. The office is an equal
opportunity employer. Interested candidates should send a cover letter,
resume, and three writing samples to
Government.Operations@mail.house.gov.

MEM-024-19

Democratic House member from California seeks pro-active, experienced
Communications Director to develop and implement strategic media plan in
a fast-paced and results -driven environment. Must have proven track-record,
and ability to manage website and social media tools. Outstanding writing
skills and strong pitching skills are required. This is not an entry level
position. Qualified candidates should submit resume and cover letter to
commstaffer@gmail.com.

MEM-011-19

Congresswoman Diana DeGette seeks a District Director based in her
Denver office. The full job description is below. The ideal candidate will be
creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be able to have fun
while maintaining a busy schedule. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
degettedistrictdirectorsearch@gmail.com.
SUMMARY:
The District Director manages all aspects of district office operations
including community outreach, casework, and staff oversight and represents
the Congresswoman at events and meetings throughout the community.
Page 16 of 18

Essential Management Functions
•Manages district office staff; including planning, assigning and directing
work. addressing complaints; and resolving problems.
•Manages district office budget and finances.
•Manages the Congresswoman’s schedule in coordination with the district
scheduler.
•Manages staff outreach to the local community with the assistance of the
outreach coordinator.
•Oversees the management of constituent casework with the Deputy District
Director coordinator.
•Ensures clear communication with the DC office and regular reporting of
district office activities to the Congresswoman.
•Coordinates closely with DC staff to develop and implement the overall
strategic plan for the Congresswoman’s staff.
Additional Essential Job Functions
•Initiates and maintains key relationships with elected and non-elected leaders
in the congressional district.
•Develops a keen understanding of the local political climate and the needs
and concerns of all the constituencies within the congressional district.
•Actively promotes the Congresswoman’s legislative goals and
accomplishments in the local community.
•Maintains direct outreach connections with specific constituencies as
assigned based on experience and the needs of the office.
•Represents the Congresswoman and/or assigns appropriate staff to do so in
meetings and at events with elected officials and local groups in the district.
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends.
•Assists constituents as needed.
•Performs other duties as assigned.

MEM-009-19

Democratic Chair-elect of the House Committee on Science, Space, and
Technology seeks to fill a Clerk opening on the Full Committee staff. Duties
include assisting with the preparation and conduct of markups, assisting with
hearing preparation, maintaining and archiving Committee records, assisting
with the printing of Committee documents, and executing other administrative
duties as needed. Applicants should possess strong organizational and
communication skills, the ability to work under tight deadlines, and be able to
multi-task effectively. Hill experience is required. Previous clerking
Page 17 of 18

experience is strongly preferred. Please send a resume and cover letter to
SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This position will close on January 9, 2019.

MEM-006-19

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Senior Health LA for Washington office.
Not an entry level job. Law degree a plus. Email cover letter, resume, and
three references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins
please) Reply with subject line, Senior Health LA.

MEM-456-18

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is
currently seeking a Deputy Clerk to assist the Chief Clerk in the 116th
Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to archiving and records
keeping, notices and circulations, official filings, editing letters and reports,
hearing, markup and conference logistics and proceeding, bill drops and floor
logistics, redlines, updates to the website, managing intern and fellowship
program, maintaining the documents room, updating and maintaining the
Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned. Candidates should
possess exceptional organizational skills, be comfortable with public
speaking, and have excellent writing and research skills. The Deputy clerk
will be required to assume all clerking duties in the absence of the Chief
Clerk. Previous congressional experience is highly encouraged. Salary
commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should email their cover
letter, resume and writing sample to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. To
ensure proper identification, please put “DEPUTY CLERK APPLICATION”
in the subject line.

Page 18 of 18

