House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 3, 2018

MEM-003-18

Congressman Ted Lieu has an immediate opening for a Caseworker in his
Los Angeles District Office. Primary responsibilities include assisting
constituents with federal casework, assisting the Casework Supervisor with
casework outreach, intake and processing. The Caseworker would also attend
community events and conduct casework outreach directly with constituents.
Caseworkers meet frequently with constituents and liaise with federal
agencies, and help organize outreach events for the Congressman’s office.
The successful applicant should have experience working on federal
casework, must have a positive attitude and the ability to work and set
priorities in a fast-paced and challenging environment. Strong writing and
verbal communications skills are essential. At least one year of experience
working for an elected official or community-based organization is strongly
preferred. A valid California Driver License and automobile are required.
Bilingual skills are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal benefits. Congressman Lieu’s primary
district office is located in Central Los Angeles.
Page 1 of 5

If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples
no later than January 15, 2018 to:
NICOLAS RODRIQUEZ
District Director
Congressman Ted Lieu (CA-33)
5055 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 310
Los Angeles, CA 90036
Lieu.Staff@mail.house.gov
MEM-001-18

Texas Democrat is seeking an experienced Communications Director to
plan and execute a proactive and aggressive media and community outreach
strategy. Candidates should have excellent writing skills and work well in a
fast-paced collaborative environment. Applicant should also have an
extensive social media background. Texas ties and knowledge of TX media
and political landscape are a plus and management experience is preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified applicants should submit a
resume, cover letter, and two writing samples, including a press release to
TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-512-17

Senior Democratic House member and Committee Ranking Member seeks
Legislative Director. Primary responsibilities include developing policy and
legislative initiatives and advising Member on all legislative issues. Position
will manage long-term and short-term legislative planning; monitor legislative
activity on the House floor; supervise all legislative staff in the personal
office; ensure effective coordination between the personal office and
committee office; and assist with hearing preparation as needed. Position will
also manage health policy portfolio. The successful candidate will be a
results-oriented problem solver and have a proven track record of developing
and advancing legislation. Excellent oral and written communication skills,
time-management skills, and the ability to quickly analyze and summarize
complex legislative details are essential. Advanced degree and extensive
experience on Capitol Hill are required. To apply, please e-mail a cover letter
and resume with the words “Legislative Director” in the subject line to
job_09@live.com. Please paste the cover letter and resume directly in the
body of the email.

MEM-511-17

The Committee on Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations is seeking to fill a Clerk position on the majority staff. The
ideal candidate should have a strong interest in investigations and natural
resources issues. Some responsibilities include staffing Subcommittee
hearings as well as some Full Committee hearings, sending and receiving
Subcommittee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as well as
with outside organizations, and managing the Subcommittee’s administrative
needs. Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, attention to detail, desire
Page 2 of 5

to learn how to conduct congressional oversight and investigations, and be
self-motivated. Prior Hill experience preferred, but not required. Interested
candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NaturalResources.Jobs@mail.house.gov, with “O&I Clerk” in the subject
line.
MEM-509-17

The House Committee on Homeland Security is looking for a non-partisan
Deputy Chief Clerk/Calendar Clerk to assist with Committee operations.
Among other duties, the person filling this role will assist the Chief Clerk in
the performance of the following:
•
•
•
•

Managing Committee hearings and markups;
Plan and manage Committee field hearings;
Maintain Committee legislative calendar; and
Prepare Committee archive and historical records.

The ideal candidate for this position is detail oriented, a self-starter and works
well independently as well as with others. At least 1 year of prior Capitol Hill
experience required. Please send resumes and statement of interest
to: Resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov.
MEM-508-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a staff assistant for his
Washington office. Excellent written and oral communication skills
required. Texas connection and Spanish ability a plus. Send resume, brief
writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use
title on your email: Staff Assistant Application. No drop-ins please.

MEM-507-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a senior legislative aide with a
minimum of three years of Hill experience. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Advanced degree a
plus. Spanish ability a plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use title on your email: Senior
LA Position. No drop-ins please.

MEM-490-17

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks
an attorney for an investigative counsel position. The Committee’s
investigative counsels are responsible for conducting investigations and
adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members and staff of the
U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position which requires
the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from political or
partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and
written/oral communications skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary
to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience
in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics; criminal
law; employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the
workplace; civil litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications;
depositions; and financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience.
Page 3 of 5

Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative
Counsel” in the subject line.
MEM-489-17

Senior, active member of appropriations committee seeks hard working and
experienced legislative assistant to handle health issues, including
appropriations, budget, and tax policy. Experience working on the Hill is
essential and related policy experience is preferred. Please send cover letter,
resume, writing sample, and salary requirements to
ct03laopening@gmail.com.

MEM-483-17

Congresswoman Michelle Lujan Grisham is seeking a Communications
Director/Press Secretary to lead an aggressive communications
operation. The ideal candidate must be a talented writer; have previous
communications experience; and be able to work quickly under pressure in a
fast paced work environment. This role demands creativity, high attention to
detail, and hard work. Responsibilities include working with the
Congresswoman and the legislative team on developing and implementing a
communications strategy; managing social media platforms; maintaining the
office website; briefing the Congresswoman before interviews; writing talking
points for the Congresswoman’s speaking engagements, events, and floor
speeches; drafting op-eds; and pitching stories. Diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply. Hill experience a plus. Interested candidates should
submit both a cover letter and resume in one attachment to
NM01.Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-479-17

Virginia Republican House member is seeking an experienced Legislative
Assistant to handle a diverse issue portfolio, including committee work.
Successful applicants will be a creative thinker with exceptional writing and
editing skills, and a willingness working in a fast-moving team environment.
Duties include tracking bills and legislative developments; developing policy
recommendations on legislation and creative ideas for new legislation;
preparing the Congressman for hearings, floor activities, and events in the
district; tracking regulatory changes and advising the communications team
on policy for messaging; and reviewing constituent correspondence. This
position requires regular interface with Federal agencies, issue advocates, and
constituents.
Qualifications: Minimum two years experience in a legislative role in a
House/Senate office, Bachelor’s degree. Salary is commensurate with
experience. EOE. No calls or drop-in applications will be accepted.
To Apply: Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and 3
writing samples in .pdf format to: VirginiaLegislativeAssistant@gmail.com.

Page 4 of 5

MEM-478-17

Progressive Democrat seeks experienced, creative and proactive Press
Secretary to help lead aggressive media outreach in fast-paced office. The
ideal candidate will have at least five years’ experience executing media plans
and proven success pitching/booking national cable interviews.
Responsibilities include pitching reporters and producers; managing local
press outreach and social media platforms; and drafting statements, op-eds
and other press materials as needed. Candidates must have excellent writing,
editing and verbal skills and the ability to manage pressure and meet
deadlines. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. Please submit a cover
letter, outlining media relations success, resume and two writing samples with
the subject line “Press Secretary” to cademhilljobs@gmail.com.

MEM-316-17

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives, and Ranking
Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic
staff. The ideal candidate will be a junior attorney (fewer than five years of
experience) with a background or strong interest in investigations.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills. Please send a resume and
cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject
line.

Page 5 of 5

