House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 22, 2018

MEM-375-18

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a Senior Legislative Aide with a
minimum of three years of Hill experience. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Advanced degree a
plus. Spanish ability a plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use title on your email: Senior
LA Position. No drop-ins please. Texas ties are a plus though not necessary.

MEM-375-18

“Southern Republican Congressman is seeking a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent to join a fast-paced, hardworking team. The ideal candidate
will be detail oriented, well organized and must have exceptional
interpersonal skills and excellent oral and written communication skills.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to answering constituent phone
calls, greeting visitors, leading Capitol tours and assisting the staff by
performing various tasks. This position requires an ability to multi-task,
prioritize duties, and perform under pressure – all with a keen attention to
detail. A car and Tennessee ties are required. Please send resumes to
tngopapplications@gmail.com. Phone calls and drop-ins not accepted.”

MEM-371-18

The office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson seeks a Legislative
Director in her Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include
Page 1 of 11

developing and implementing the Member’s legislative priorities, advising
her on various issues, and managing the legislative agenda. A well matched
candidate will have substantive legislative experience, strong academic
credentials and proven leadership and organizational skills. Moreover, the
candidate should possess excellent oral and written communication skills,
strong editing and proofreading skills, the ability to work well under pressure,
an extensive knowledge of the legislative process, and the availability to work
long hours.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill
experience and proven knowledge of legislative and political processes will
be considered. Law degree, previous capitol hill experience in a leadership
position and Florida ties are strongly preferred. To apply, please submit
cover letter and resume in one single pdf to
FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Director” in the
subject line by October 31, 2018.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-364-18

Legislative Correspondent - Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic,
motivated and organized individual with strong writing and interpersonal
skills who can manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure. The
legislative correspondent is responsible for responding to constituent mail,
including any research necessary to write an adequate response to the mail;
monitoring House floor procedures; assisting the legislative director with
drafting legislation; meeting with constituents and interested
individuals/organizations; preparing congressional record entries; assisting the
communications director with updating the website and social media pages;
and other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be a results-oriented problem solver and a motivated
self-starter who can think outside the box. Candidate must have a bachelor's
degree, excellent writing and communication skills. Candidate must be a
resident of, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of
Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov .

Page 2 of 11

MEM-361-18

The District Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark is currently
accepting applicants for the position of Military & Veterans Constituent
Service Representative (CSR). The CSR monitors and updates the Member
and District Director on district and local issues as well as serves as a liaison
to federal, district, and local agencies for the member and constituents.
This position is responsible for a wide range of outreach, relationship
management, event coordination, and correspondence. We’re looking for
someone who has great judgment, keen political skills, is quick on their feet
and ready to seize opportunities (or create them). The ideal candidate is fast
but highly detail oriented and is a strong written and oral communicator.
Essential Job Functions Required:
•Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a
liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
•Informs the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in
his or her assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and
interacting with constituents;
•Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or
groups to form effective relationships for the Member;
•Manages at least 1 casework assignment area & assesses casework for
problems requiring legislative action and makes recommendations to the
District Director and/or Chief of Staff;
•Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
•Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and
district activities in his or her assigned geographic & issue areas;
•Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to
ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
This is a full-time position.
Education, Skills, & Knowledge Required:
•3-5 years relevant experience required; experience with the military &
veteran’s issues preferred.
•Exceptional written & oral communication, organizational and project
management skills with an overall execution orientation; track record of
effectively managing complex, multi-stakeholder projects;
•Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
Page 3 of 11

procedures;
•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the
Congresswoman is involved;
•Strong political instincts, and a proactive entrepreneurial mindset;
•Grace under pressure; ability to delegate, communicate, and act decisively as
well as adapt well to changing priorities;
•Availability & ability to work long, irregular hours including evenings and
weekends;
•A professional style that includes flexibility, evenness, and sense of humor.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing
samples to: Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov.
All materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-360-18

Oversight and Investigations Committee Staff Position
House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight &
Investigations is seeking a professional staffer or counsel to work on
oversight issues related to the Committee’s broad jurisdiction for the
Committee’s Democratic staff. Areas of expertise under the Committee’s
jurisdiction preferred, including environment, energy, public health and cyber
security. Background in investigations and oversight a plus. Responsibilities
include staffing Congressional hearings, overseeing federal agencies,
conducting research and investigations, writing and editing, and conducting
document review and analysis. Successful candidate will be detail-oriented
and possess strong communication and writing skills. Five years of
professional experience and J.D. preferred but not required, as experience
within the areas of the Committee’s public issue area jurisdiction may be
equally relevant. Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at least
two professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-356-18

Congressman Bill Posey (FL-8) seeks a scheduler/executive assistant in
Washington, DC. This is not an entry level position and previous Hill
scheduling experience is highly desired.
Responsibilities:
•Maintain the Member’s schedule in DC
•Plan and schedule the Member’s meetings, events, speaking arrangements,
and travel
•Transport the Member on official business (must have access to a car)
Page 4 of 11

•Administer office purchasing, technology, and staff travel
•Hire, train, and manage the office intern program
Candidates should be highly organized, detail-oriented, personable and able to
function in a fast-paced team-environment. Interested applicants should send
their resume and cover letter to fl.conservativerep@gmail.com.

MEM-354-18

Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) seeks a Los Angeles-based Digital
Content Manager to join fast-paced, innovative communications team. This
individual will report to the Communications Director and responsibilities
include: developing long-term and short-term digital plans and strategies;
creating, drafting and posting content on all platforms; creating graphics,
video and other sharable content; managing and growing the Congressman’s
e-newsletter program and overseeing the website. Ideal candidate is a
politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative self-starter, who is familiar with
social media trends and able to use data to evaluate and improve the digital
program. This is not an entry-level position. Previous digital communications
experience, on Capitol Hill, a campaign, or at a communications firm, is
required. To apply, please email cover letter, resume and digital sample to
Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-352-18

Virginia Democratic Congressman seeks fulltime Outreach Representative
in Richmond, VA office. The Outreach Representative will be responsible for
cultivating strategic relationships with community leaders and constituent
groups, as well as developing and executing an outreach plan for the district.
Duties also include coordinating events and initiatives that will promote
services that the office provides, organizing events that relate to the
Congressman’s legislative and district priorities, and monitoring and updating
office leadership on local district issues. The Outreach Representative may
also be assigned additional short-term or special projects and will be
responsible for recruiting and managing office interns. Additional
responsibilities include staffing the Congressman at various events and
meetings in the district and working on nights and weekends as needed.
Access to a vehicle is required. Excellent verbal and written communication
skills, organization, and a spirit of teamwork and service also required.
Priority given to candidates with Virginia ties and related experience.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and three references
to vaoutreachrep@gmail.com as soon as possible.

MEM-345-18

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
hardworking staff assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The staff assistant will be responsible for answering phones, processing mail,
assisting with constituent requests for information, coordinating tours,
drafting correspondence, and other administrative duties and projects as
Page 5 of 11

needed. The person also will handle some light press assistant duties,
including compiling press clips, monitoring media, drafting e-newsletters and
press releases, updating the website, and fielding some media inquiries.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, and committed to
individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The applicant must possess excellent communication and time-management
skills, the ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to
work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "staff assistant applicant" in the subject
line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-333-18

The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Communications
Director to manage and coordinate all media and public relations activities in
a very busy and dynamic office. The ideal candidate will be able to develop
and execute integrated communications plans, collaborate effectively with
colleagues and implement all public relations strategies.
Responsibilities include building and expanding the office’s relationships
with media outlets, working with the Chief of Staff and Legislative Director
to develop media strategies, successfully pitching stories and press events to a
wide range of media outlets, responding to and managing media inquiries
from diverse media outlets, writing op-eds, speeches, press releases,
statements and talking points. Responsibilities will also include working with
the deputy communications director in the District Office as well as
maintaining an active social media profile, managing the Member’s official
website, and other tasks.
Potential candidates must be able to thrive in a fast-paced office, have
excellent written and oral communication skills, and strong editing and
proofreading abilities. Candidates must be able to develop a keen
understanding of the unique priorities and views of the district and find ways
to advance the Member’s objectives.
This is a senior level position which requires dedication, close attention to
detail and the ability to think outside the box. Non-traditional work hours, and
Page 6 of 11

travel to the District are to be expected. Hawaii ties are ideal but not required.
Veteran applications are welcome.
No calls or drop ins. Qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume
and writing samples to: hi02jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-330-18

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Government
Reform—Counsel (District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Ranking Member
Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic
staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of
investigative or litigation experience. Responsibilities include depositions,
transcribed interviews, briefings, and congressional hearings. Candidates
with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Please send a resume and cover letter to
oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-319-18

Rep. Tom McClintock is seeking a Legislative Assistant. Applicants must
have a minimum of 2 years of experience working for Congress, and should
be committed to the principles of constitutionally limited government and the
free market. Compensation will be commensurate with experience. Please
send resumes to CA04.Jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-297-18

Maryland Democratic Congressman looking for Constituent Engagement
Officer (CEO) to serve as the grassroots extension of the member in his
district located in the DC suburbs. They are his “eye and ears” for issues on
the ground. They are a consistent presence at events in the district, develops
and maintains relationships with local government officials and community
leaders. They always reflect well on the member with their responsiveness,
professionalism and courteousness. CEOs also provide excellent constituent
service through the management of casework in assigned issue areas and
work with federal and local agencies to ensure constituents receive a response
to their inquiry. They may also be assigned to short-term or special projects,
including planning events, authoring correspondence and other related duties.
CEOs are hard-working and dedicated team players, committed to the goals of
the office and to improving the lives of the residents of the district.
*CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:*

Page 7 of 11

•

•
•

To serve as a local representative for the member in defined
geographic areas, which are subject to change based on the needs of
the office;
To manage casework within an assigned portfolio;
To monitor and update the Member and District Director on district
and local issues;

Interested candidates should submit their resume as soon as possible to
md.jobposting@mail.house.gov. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.
MEM-296-18

Southern Republican seeks Staff Assistant/Press Assistant: The position will
be responsible for greeting visitors, answering the telephone, responding to
constituent requests for information, planning and giving tours of the Capitol,
maintaining the front office, and assisting with various administrative duties.
Additionally, the individual will assist the Communications Director with
various press tasks, including writing, social media, press clips, and more.
Alabama ties are strongly preferred. Interested applicants should send resume
to gopjob1824@gmail.com.

MEM-288-18

The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking to immediately fill a
full-time job opening for an entry-level Staff Assistant based in her District
Office- Norwalk, CA
Position Description
The Staff Assistant position is primarily charged with (but not limited to)
answering phones, greeting constituents and visitors, sorting incoming mail,
writing correspondence, managing interns, and assisting the District Office
staff with additional tasks. Successful candidates will possess strong
communication skills, the ability to multitask, attention to detail, political
instinct, the ability to prioritize in a fast-paced environment, work
cooperatively and courteously with others and temperament to communicate
with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
Caseworker: Casework responsibilities involve assisting constituents of the
38th Congressional District resolve problems with federal agencies or find the
appropriate state or local contact for non-federal issues. The candidate should
be persistent and detail-orientated, and put a priority on facilitating
resolutions and expediting priority requests. Knowledge of California state
and federal government agencies and experience in customer service will be
highly regarded.
Minimum Qualifications
• Office/administrative experience
• Strong organizations skills; attention to detail.
Page 8 of 11

•
•

•
•

•
•
•

Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with
Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
Strong communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability to
relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable
customer service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government
agencies and structure (county, state, and federal).
Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a
team, be able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects
simultaneously, and work under pressure.
Candidates should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to
excellence, upbeat demeanor, flexibility, and sense of humor.
Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college
or university with a bachelor’s degree.
Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.

To Apply
Interested applicants should submit their resume and cover letter via email to:
CA38Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in the title of the position in the
subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins accepted.
MEM-285-18

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Senior LA for Washington office. Not an
entry level job. Law degree a plus. Email cover letter, resume, and three
references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins please).

MEM-284-18

Senior Democratic Congressman who serves as Ranking Member on a full
committee seeks an experienced, energetic and creative Press Secretary to
work in a fast-paced press operation. The ideal candidate should be
entrepreneurial and aggressive in generating ideas that yield media coverage,
promoting the Member’s agenda through traditional and social media, and
raising the Member’s national profile. The Press Secretary will be
responsible for all facets of daily press operation including: media strategy
development and implementation; serving as primary spokesperson for
national and local media; coordinating press conferences; pitching story ideas;
managing coverage of legislative action and events; and drafting statements,
releases, speeches, opinion editorials and responses to articles. This is not an
entry-level position. The candidate must have previous Capitol Hill
experience, extensive media contacts and background working with both print
and electronic media. Excellent oral and written communications skills and
the ability to work in a high pressure, team-oriented environment while
juggling multiple tasks are required. On-the-record experience preferred. To
Page 9 of 11

apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Press
Secretary” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.
MEM-282-18

Democratic Member of Congress seeks Legislative Director. Ideal candidate
will have significant Appropriations and Capitol Hill experience. Looking for
a team player to add to an already dynamic and fast paced
environment. Additional knowledge on Homeland and DOD issues are a
bonus but not required. This office considers all applicants without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. To
apply please send resume, cover letter and 3 references to
texasdem18@gmail.com.

MEM-264-18

Senior Democratic Member seeks Policy Advisor to serve in personal office
and on Committee staff. Position will develop and implement legislative
initiatives, conduct oversight and investigations, write floor speeches and
committee statements, and handle meetings with constituents and interest
groups on behalf of Member. Portfolio will likely include health, social
security, labor and workforce, energy and the environment, and agriculture
and nutrition. An advanced degree and exceptional writing ability required.
Hill experience strongly preferred. To apply, please email a cover letter and
resume with the words “Policy Advisor” in the subject line to
job_09@live.com.

MEM-263-18

Senior Democratic Congressman who serves as Ranking Member on a full
committee seeks an experienced, energetic and creative Press Secretary to
work in a fast-paced press operation. The ideal candidate should be
entrepreneurial and aggressive in generating ideas that yield media coverage,
promoting the Member’s agenda through traditional and social media, and
raising the Member’s national profile. The Press Secretary will be
responsible for all facets of daily press operation including: media strategy
development and implementation; serving as primary spokesperson for
national and local media; coordinating press conferences; pitching story ideas;
managing coverage of legislative action and events; and drafting statements,
releases, speeches, opinion editorials and responses to articles. This is not an
entry-level position. The candidate must have previous Capitol Hill
experience, extensive media contacts and background working with both print
and electronic media. Excellent oral and written communications skills and
the ability to work in a high pressure, team-oriented environment while
juggling multiple tasks are required. On-the-record experience preferred.
To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Press
Secretary” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.

Page 10 of 11

MEM-250-18

Military Legislative Assistant – GOP Congressman Office
Congressional staff experience required for candidates to be considered for
this job opening.
The duties of this position would include directly staffing the Congressman
on the Appropriations Committee for defense, veterans, and foreign affairs
policy issues. Several other policy areas would be included in legislative
portfolio for this position.
Please send your resume to GOPCongressionalJob@gmail.com.

Page 11 of 11

