House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 20, 2017

MEM-053-17

Congresswoman Michelle Lujan Grisham is seeking applicants for a
motivated, hard-working, and detail-oriented Legislative Assistant. Portfolio
includes defense, veterans, foreign affairs, homeland security, education,
transportation, and science and technology. A positive attitude, sense of
humor, and excellent written and oral communication skills are essential.
Significant congressional or public policy experience is required. New
Mexico ties are a plus and the office encourages candidates of diverse
backgrounds to apply. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, gender identity, or sexual orientation. To apply, applicants should
submit one document which includes only their resume and cover letter to
NM01.Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-044-17

Senior Virginia Democrat is seeking a highly motivated, detail-oriented, and
energetic individual with excellent organizational, oral and written
communications skills for a staff assistant position in the Washington, DC
office.

Page 1 of 4

Daily tasks include answering calls, conducting and organizing tours,
processing constituent requests, incoming and outgoing mail, greeting visitors
and aiding the office in various administrative duties. Strong organizational
skills are essential, along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in
a fast-paced environment. Candidates should be team-oriented and have the
ability to multi-task. Hill experience and ties to Virginia are a plus. Minorities
are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and a list of three
work references, to VAhilljobs@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or
sexual orientation.
MEM-043-17

The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks an
enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized Staff Assistant for fast-paced
committee office. Responsibilities include front office reception; preparation
for committee hearings, markups, meetings and events; training and
supervising interns; maintaining files, office supplies and equipment; assisting
staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and other
duties as assigned. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and
oral communication skills, attention to detail, professionalism, and strong
organizational skills. Hill experience preferred. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or gender
identity. The office encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please submit a cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to
ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-029-17

House Democratic Caucus Vice Chair Linda T. Sánchez (CA-38) is seeking a
Press Assistant/Speechwriter to join an aggressive communications team in
Washington DC. Responsibilities include drafting talking points, press
releases and advisories; managing social media accounts; coordinating press
events, and other tasks as assigned. Candidates for this position must have
Spanish fluency and possess strong bilingual writing and speaking skills.
Prior press experience; Hill or campaign experience and familiarity with
social media and digital-based content is strongly preferred. Interested
candidates must submit resume, cover letter, up to 3 writing samples in
English and Spanish, and 2 examples of social media or digital media work
products to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com.

MEM-028-17

House Democratic Caucus Vice Chair Linda T. Sánchez (CA-38) seeks a
motivated, energetic, and detail-oriented Staff Assistant/Driver for the
Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include front office duties,
conducting Capitol tours, greeting office visitors, and driving the Member
Page 2 of 4

within Washington DC. Qualified applicants must be personable, dependable,
and able to juggle multiple tasks with competing priorities. California ties and
Spanish language proficiency preferred. To apply, please submit resume,
cover letter, and a short writing sample to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com.
MEM-026-17

Seeking Legislative Assistant for fast-paced Member’s office. Portfolio
includes foreign affairs, veterans’ affairs, defense, homeland security,
international trade and Helsinki Commission. Responsible for floor
statements including and beyond portfolio. Candidates must have foreign
affairs/legislative experience. Strong written, verbal and analytical skills
required. Additionally, candidates should have extraordinary organizational
and time management skills, and be a consummate team player. A positive
attitude, a sense of humor and excellent people skills are non-negotiable.
Minorities and women are encouraged to apply. Candidates should submit a
resume with a cover letter and a writing sample to
TN09jobs@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-019-17

Senior Florida Democrat seeks an energetic, highly-organized, detail-oriented
and politically-minded Director of Scheduling and Special Assistant.
Responsibilities include preparing and managing the Member’s weekly
schedule, ensuring the Member remains on schedule throughout the day and
attending to the Member’s daily administrative needs. Providing strategic
guidance for short and long term scheduling and planning of the Member’s
activities, working with the Member and senior staff on special projects and
assignments. This position will work closely with the Chief of Staff, Deputy
Chief of Staff and District Director to ensure efficient and seamless office
planning and operations.
Qualified applicants should have high energy, a very positive attitude, strong
organizational skills, orientation to detail, possess strong verbal and written
communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, savvy political instincts,
poise and ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and the ability to multitask. Mastery of Word, Excel, and Outlook are essential. Previous
Congressional Scheduling, Executive Assistant and operational experience is
required. This is NOT an entry level position. Salary is commensurate with
experience. Interested qualified candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, a list of three work references, to FL23resume@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please. This
office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.

MEM-352-16

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives. Rep. Elijah E.
Cummings, the Ranking Member, is seeking an Investigative Counsel to join
the Democratic staff to participate in all matters under the Committee’s
Page 3 of 4

jurisdiction, including investigations, hearings, depositions, tran¬scribed
interviews, and briefings. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with 2-5
years of investigative or litigation experience. Candidates must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Please send a
resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Investigative
Counsel” in the subject line.

Page 4 of 4

