________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 5, 2021

MEM-106-21

DIGITAL DIRECTOR / PRESS SECRETARY – Congressman Mark Pocan
(WI-02), member of both the House Appropriations and Education & Labor
Committees, is seeking a highly motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic
individual with experience in digital media strategy and video editing for a
Digital Director/Press Secretary position.
Daily tasks include managing and creating content for member’s social media
platforms and website; graphic design; video filming and editing; daily press
clips; managing in-district media relations; drafting releases, newsletters and
advisories; and organizing press events. The ideal candidate will be creative, have
a strong proficiency in crafting digital content, experience coordinating with
media, and be a detail-oriented team player able to handle multiple tasks at once.
Excellent writing and strong organizational skills are essential, along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Capitol Hill
experience is a plus, but not required. A sense of humor is greatly appreciated,
and the position reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified candidates should submit a cover
letter, resume, two writing samples, and an example of previous digital media or
graphic design projects to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Digital
Director/Press Secretary” in the subject line. Job opening closes COB on April
8th. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
Page 1 of 14

This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
MEM-105-21

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) is seeking a highly
motivated Health Legislative Assistant to join her team. Legislative portfolio
will be focused on health care and will handle all of the Congresswoman’s work
related to her assignment on the Energy & Commerce Health Subcommittee.
Qualified candidates should have a good knowledge of the legislative process,
healthcare policy background, coalition building skills, and have the ability to
maintain strategic relationships with constituent organizations.
This position requires the ability to advance the Congresswoman’s legislative
priorities in the health care portfolio and be creative in spotting new legislative
opportunities. Candidates must be self-starters, able to meet short deadlines, and
juggle many priorities in a fast-paced environment. Ties to Delaware are a plus.
This is not an entry level position and this is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Health Legislative Assistant” in the subject
line by COB April 12th. No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.

MEM-104-21

SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT/COUNSEL – Rep. Karen Bass (CA37) seeks a hardworking lawyer with legal, policy, and Hill experience to serve as
a Senior Legislative Assistant/Counsel, with the primary portfolio focusing on the
Member’s Judiciary Committee work.
Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the Member in committee
hearings and markups; drafting talking points and speeches; and researching,
drafting, and introducing legislation. All candidates should be a team player and
possess excellent writing and communication skills, ability to work
independently, and a thorough understanding of the legislative process.
Strong candidates will have good relationships on the Hill with Democrats and
Republicans, the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment, and a
track record of turning ideas into legislation and preferably legislation into law.
This is not an entry-level position.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and two short (1-2
page) writing samples to CA37.HR@mail.house.gov with “Senior Legislative
Assistant” in the subject line.

Page 2 of 14

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, sexual
orientation, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls
or drop-ins, please.
MEM-103-21

Congressman Steve Cohen (TN-09) seeks a Scheduler for his DC office. This
individual is responsible for organizing, tracking, evaluating, and responding to
all DC and legislative scheduling requests, making travel arrangements, and
managing all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term DC schedule.
In addition to these duties, the Scheduler will be involved in various
administrative tasks including tracking leave requests, House training
compliance, member and staff reimbursements, parking coordination, and other
duties as assigned. The ideal candidate will, in a fast-paced environment, have
exceptional attention to detail and problem-solving skills, the ability to remain
flexible to last-minute changes and demands, and a strong work ethic.
Interested applicants should email a resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to Cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Scheduler: Last name.”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate
effectively in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes. Requests for accommodation
should be directed to Cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-102-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
motivated, creative, and organized Digital Manager.
The Digital Manager will be responsible for developing, implementing, and
executing a digital strategy to effectively communicate with the public and grow
the Committee’s online presence. Daily responsibilities will include developing
creative content, managing the Committee’s website, and coordinating digital
media strategy with Member offices and stakeholder groups.
The ideal candidate will be resourceful and proactive, have strong graphic design
and video editing skills, and a working knowledge of the legislative process and
Hill press operations. Candidates should have at least three years of experience
Page 3 of 14

working in digital communications. Congressional or campaign experience
preferred but not required.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, 2 work samples, and 3
professional references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Digital Manager" in
the subject line. Salary commensurate with education and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-101-21

Southern California Democrat is seeking a bilingual, high energy, highlyorganized, and detail- oriented Field Representative/Caseworker for San Diego
County District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as an official representative for the Member throughout communities in
the District.
•Act as liaison to federal, district, and local government agencies and elected
officials.
•Establish and maintain effective relationships with community members and
organizations.
•Monitor local issues of importance and keep the District Director updated.
•Provide logistical support and staff the Member at district meetings and events.
•Assess local and casework-related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director and Chief of
Staff.
•Respond to casework correspondence and inquiries from constituents.
•Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• A candidate with an understanding of federal issues.
• Veterans, women, and minorities encouraged to apply.
• Ability to work non-traditional hours, including nights and weekends.
• Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills.
• Ability to work with staff at all levels, work well under pressure and be detailoriented.
• Possess an understanding of the federal legislative process.
• Ability to quickly learn about key issues and events in the district for which the
Member is involved.
• A qualified applicant must possess a valid California driver’s license with the
ability to travel as needed.
Applicants bilingual in Spanish and/or Tagalog preferred. To apply, please email
a resume and cover letter to cajobs@mail.house.gov.
Page 4 of 14

MEM-100-21

The Offices of Congressman Antonio Delgado (NY-19) and Congressman Paul
D. Tonko (NY-20) seek an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized Grants
Coordinator to be based out of their New York offices.
Job Summary:
The incumbent will have the unique opportunity to support multiple
Congressional offices and as such will report to two or more managers.
Therefore, the incumbent will be expected to understand multiple office policies
and procedures as well as establish and maintain effective relationships with
associated office staff in multiple offices.
Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
•Managing all functions of the offices’ grants programs.
•Providing direct support to constituents, including but not limited, to local
governments, small businesses and non-profit organizations seeking federal
financial assistance, researching potential federal, state and private grant
opportunities.
•Drafting correspondence related to constituent grant applications and working
with staff to conduct outreach and communications on federal funding and
resources.
Qualifications:
Applicant must have a passion for public service, great organizational skills,
strong writing skills, the ability to learn quickly, and a solid team mentality. Extra
consideration will be given to those with NY-19 and/or NY-20 ties and a safe
vehicle with a good driving record.
Compensation/Benefits:
Compensation commensurate with experience. Employees of the U.S. House of
Representatives are eligible to participate in the various employee benefits plans
(e.g. Thrift Savings Plan, Federal Employees Health Benefits, Federal Employees
Life Insurance, etc.) to which other federal employees are entitled.
Equal Employment Opportunity:
The Offices of Congressman Antonio Delgado and Congressman Paul D. Tonko
are equal opportunity employers; they do not discriminate on the basis of race,
sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual
orientation or gender identity or expression.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested individuals should email a cover letter, résumé, and a writing sample of
no less than one (1) page and no more than five (5) pages
to NY20jobs@mail.house.gov with “Grants Coordinator Employment
Opportunity” in the subject line.

Page 5 of 14

No phone calls or drop-ins, please. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis, but all materials must be received by April 16, 2021.
MEM-099-21

Chairman Khanna seeks Professional Staff Member
Chairman Ro Khanna seeks an exceptional, self-motivated candidate to staff Mr.
Khanna on the Committee on Oversight and Reform, Subcommittee on the
Environment.
The jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes: global climate change;
environmental protection, public lands, endangered species, air and water quality;
oceans; public health; conservation; international agreements; energy policy,
research and development; and oversight and legislative jurisdiction over
regulatory affairs and federal paperwork reduction.
The Oversight and Reform Committee is the principal oversight committee in the
House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•designing and preparing congressional hearings;
•working with multiple stakeholders to design legislative solutions to address
complex national policy concerns;
•conducting legal and factual research;
•writing memoranda, statements, questions and speeches;
•ensuring subcommittee priorities are reflected in appropriations and
authorization bills;
•and leading oversight initiatives.
The Chairman is particularly interested in candidates with a commitment to and
an interest in engaging:
*Clean technology jobs of the future, regenerative agriculture, toxic substances,
and other sustainable energy and environment issues;
*Environmental justice and the disproportionate effects of pollution on
vulnerable communities;
*Experience working with environmental federal agencies;
*Congressional procedure, investigations, and legislation; and
*Progressive policy solutions to combat the climate crisis.
The right candidate will serve as a critical part of a close-knit team. This person
will keep Chairman Khanna and the Staff Director fully informed of and staff all
Environment Subcommittee events and activities and be an integral member of
the subcommittee staff.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii)
expertise in the areas described above (iii) the ability to work closely with a team
and remain entrepreneurial. They also must have superior attention to detail,
work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and
Page 6 of 14

oral communication skills. Applicants will be working from home in the shortterm. Once the team returns to work in the office, the candidate should be willing
to be in the office full time and be able to attend work duties on some evenings
and weekends.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, veterans and
LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Please submit cover letter, resume and writing sample
to reprokhannaca17@gmail.com with the subject line as “Environment
Subcommittee Professional Staff Member.”
MEM-096-21

Rep. Sharice Davids (KS-03) seeks a Press Secretary/Communications
Director to serve in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include creating and implementing a proactive communications
strategy; handling daily media inquiries; writing press releases, opinion pieces,
speeches, and talking points; building relationships with local and national media
contacts; as well as working closely with legislative staff to effectively message
policy issues.
Qualified candidates must have excellent communication and organizational
skills, experience speaking on-the-record, and the ability to be a self-starter while
working in a fast-paced environment. Kansas ties are a plus.
This is not an entry-level position. The office is committed to building a diverse
and inclusive team and is an equal opportunity employer.
Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to ks03.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press
Secretary/Communications Director” by COB April 6, 2021.
Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-094-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Director of Labor Oversight to manage oversight and investigations on the
Labor team.
Responsibilities include organizing oversight hearings, writing investigative
reports and executing a complementary legislative and oversight strategy with
positive results. Qualified applicants must have a J.D. and relevant policy
experience with at least 3-5 years of experience conducting investigations.
Page 7 of 14

Experience in labor policy is not a requirement, however preferred. In addition,
the applicant must have exceptional writing skills, strong attention to detail,
ability to juggle multiple projects, and have direct management experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, a writing sample (5-10 pages), a
writing sample describing an investigation the applicant would like to pursue, and
3 professional references. The second writing sample must include a hyperlink to
a current news item from any source (newspapers, blogs, or other websites) and
two paragraphs detailing why the Committee should investigate the issue
presented and the steps the applicant would take to begin an investigation.
Please submit all materials to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Director of Labor
Oversight” in the subject line. The salary range is $95K - $115K, commensurate
with education and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-093-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
proactive, hard-working individual to serve as Press Assistant.
Candidates must have exceptional writing skills, strong attention to detail, and the
ability to work effectively in a team environment. Responsibilities include but are
not limited to: drafting press releases and remarks, coordinating press activities
with Committee offices, managing the Committee website, compiling and
distributing press clips, tracking press and social media analytics, and supporting
a wide range of other communications work.
The ideal candidate will have 1-2 years of relevant communications experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, brief work samples, and
3 professional references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Press Assistant" in
the subject line.
Salary commensurate with education and experience. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or sexual
orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-090-21

Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez, a Senior Member of the Committee on Ways
and Means, seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle the Congresswoman’s work
on the Social Security Subcommittee, as well as a diverse portfolio including
Defense, Foreign Affairs, Housing, and other legislative issues. The Legislative
Page 8 of 14

Assistant will be responsible for developing legislative initiatives, meeting with
constituents and interested groups on behalf of the Congresswoman, and staffing
the Congresswoman for committee hearings and markups.
Qualified candidates should have at least 3 years of Hill experience and possess a
strong understanding of the issues listed. Applicants must demonstrate an ability
to work well with a team in a small, fast-paced environment, while maintaining a
sense of humor. The Congresswoman strongly values diversity and encourages
candidates of all backgrounds to apply.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to CAdemofficejob@gmail.com.
MEM-087-21

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active and visible
legislative office staff.
The candidate must have strong interpersonal skills, be comfortable with
managing multiple tasks and able to work well under pressure.
The staff assistant is responsible for front office duties, including answering and
screening telephone calls, mail distribution, room reservations, and responding to
constituent requests for flags, tours, and other information. The staff assistant also
serves as intern coordinator by recruiting training, scheduling and assigning
duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication skills and a
working knowledge of the District of Columbia. Candidate must be a resident of
the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to D.C., if hired.
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov

MEM-086-21

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Legislative Director for its
Washington, DC office. The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate,
friendly, and has noteworthy experience.
Responsibilities include assisting in the development of policy positions and
legislative initiatives and managing and supervising the office's legislative staff.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and

Page 9 of 14

expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Due to COVID-19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, but no application will be considered later than April 16, 2021. No
phone calls, faxes, or emails.
MEM-085-21

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Communications Director
for its Washington, DC office. The ideal candidate is highly-organized,
passionate, friendly, and has noteworthy experience.
Responsibilities include managing and coordinating the messaging and
communications activities, including media contacts, for the Member and the
office. Traditional and digital communications are managed by the
Communications Director including press statements, press releases, mass emails,
social media posts, and website updates.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Due to COVID19, work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, but no application will be considered later than April 16, 2021. No
phone calls, faxes, or emails.

MEM-084-21

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Legislative Assistant for its
Washington, DC office. The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate,
friendly, and has noteworthy experience.
Responsibilities include developing and planning legislative initiatives;
monitoring legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor;
tracking legislation, executive action, administrative action, and other
governmental developments; drafting constituent correspondence for the
Member; preparing for committee meetings and hearings; answering constituent
letters; and helping constituents with federal matters.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Due to COVID19 work is often from home.

Page 10 of 14

Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, but no application will be considered later than April 16, 2021. No
phone calls, faxes, or emails.
MEM-078-21

Western Republican Member has opportunity for a motivated, well organized,
and talented scheduler.
Qualified candidates will have experience managing a fast-paced schedule for a
Member of Congress, processing all incoming schedule requests and arranging
travel. The scheduler will work closely with Member, Chief of Staff, and District
Director in advancing priorities of the office. This position requires attention to
detail, problem solving skills, good judgment and the ability to work as part of a
team.
Prior relevant experience required; salary commensurate with experience.
Position requires reasonable flexibility and availability beyond normal office
hours. Please email cover letter and resume to uscongressjobs@gmail.com

MEM-077-21

The office of Congressman Mondaire Jones (D-NY) seeks a Legislative Director
based in Washington, D.C.
The Legislative Director will be responsible for advancing the Congressman’s
legislative priorities and supporting his work on the Judiciary and Education and
Labor Committees. Rep. Jones serves as Freshman Representative to Leadership,
co-chair of the Equality Caucus, Deputy Whip of the Congressional Progressive
Caucus, and Vice Chair of the Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property,
and the Internet.
The ideal candidate will have substantial experience working on a variety of
issues, including education, health, employment, labor, transportation,
appropriations, housing, and other issues that impact majority-minority
communities. Strong academic credentials, committee experience, and proven
leadership skills are required. In addition, the candidate should possess strong
oral and written communication skills, the ability to work well under pressure,
extensive knowledge of the legislative process, and be available to work long
hours.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous House-side Hill
experience and extensive legislative acumen will be considered and contacted. JD
and previous experience serving as a Legislative Director or senior policy staff
are strongly preferred.
Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with ties to

Page 11 of 14

New York (and NY-17 in particular). You can find the application via the
following link: https://airtable.com/shriBI8YHiyDXXfR0
Due to the volume of applications we receive, we will only contact you if we
decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct emails, or
walk-ins.
MEM-076-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks an
Economist to provide expert advice on labor economics, and support policy
making initiatives in health, education and human services.
The Economist must be able to successfully communicate data and findings in an
accessible manner to a non-technical audience and demonstrate a commitment to
social justice and expanding economic opportunity. Responsibilities include
assisting labor, health and education policy staff to draft legislation; prepare
materials for hearings, markups and floor activity; and draft memos.
The Economist is also expected to conduct research, track and report on labor
market and macroeconomic developments; coordinate appropriations and budget
related matters; evaluate regulatory proposals; track other committees’ activities
that intersect with the Ed and Labor Committee; provide cost/budget
justifications for policy priorities; and, coordinate with oversight and
communications teams in support of the Committee’s agenda.
Requirements include at a minimum a Bachelor’s degree in Economics,
quantitative aptitude, analytical mindset, and good problem-solving skills.
Applicants should have at least 5 years of experience as a professional economist
and possess strong writing, communication, and organizational skills. The
candidate must demonstrate the ability to successfully manage multiple projects
under deadlines and display a collaborative disposition.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, 3-5 page writing sample,
and 3 professional references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Economist" in
the subject line. The salary range is $70K to $95K, commensurate with education
and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-075-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Professional Staff member to provide expert advice, advance legislation and
provide oversight on workplace safety and health, and to support policy making
where workplace safety issues cross cut with the Committee’s initiatives in
health, education and human services.
Page 12 of 14

The Candidate will draft legislation, organize and prepare materials for hearings,
markups and floor activity; draft memos; research, track and report on workplace
safety and health developments; engage with other committees and the full array
of stakeholders; evaluate regulatory and legislative proposals from relevant
agencies, including OSHA, MSHA, NIOSH, and the Department of Labor’s
Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs; and coordinate with oversight and
communications teams in support of the Committee’s agenda.
Applicants should have a degree in a relevant discipline or at least 3 years of
experience in Congress, a regulatory agency, union or other organization working
on health and safety issues. Key to this position is the ability to anticipate
emerging issues, support build support for initiatives, and successfully
communicate safety and health information in an accessible manner to a nontechnical audience. The successful applicant should have an analytical mindset
and good problem-solving skills.
This position is writing intensive and requires the candidate to have exceptional
writing, communication, and organizational skills. Must demonstrate the ability
to successfully manage multiple projects under tight deadlines; display a
collaborative disposition; and a commitment to social justice and expanding
economic opportunity.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, 3-5 page writing sample,
and 3 professional references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Workplace
Safety" in the subject line. Salary commensurate with experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-074-21

Progressive California Democrat and member of the House Ways and Means
Committee seeks a Legislative Counsel to handle an active immigration and
judiciary portfolio. This position also leads the member’s work on the Ways and
Means Worker & Family Support Subcommittee in addition to handling child
welfare, poverty, labor, civil rights, and social security issues.
Responsibilities include: preparing and staffing the Member in committee
hearings and markups, developing and advancing legislation and other policy
priorities of the Member, researching and advising the Member on policy issues
and vote recommendations, drafting talking points and speeches, and representing
the Member in meetings and events.
The successful candidate will be an independent worker and a self-starter, possess
the capacity to produce high-quality work in a fast-paced environment and have
strong communication and writing skills. Preferred candidates will have a
Page 13 of 14

background in immigration policy. Candidate must be able to synthesize complex
technical information under tight deadlines and be able to work well with a
variety of competing interest groups. Must possess a positive attitude, a good
sense of humor and thrive in a team environment.
This is not an entry level position. J.D. preferred but not required. Please e-mail
your resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to ca27jobs@gmail.com.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please!
MEM-073-21

General Counsel
The House Committee on Small Business seeks a General Counsel to advise the
Chairwoman, Members, and staff on the rules and procedures of the Committee
and assist senior staff in overseeing the legislative activities of the Committee.
Responsibilities include preparing for hearings, markups, and floor activity,
tracking legislation, drafting and editing Committee documents. Candidates
should possess excellent writing and organizational skills, be detail-oriented, and
demonstrate an ability to work well under pressure and short deadlines.
An ideal candidate will have prior Hill experience and/or and a strong
understanding of the House Rules. This is not an entry level position. The
Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of
all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to: hsbcdems@gmail.com with the subject line General Counsel.

Page 14 of 14

