House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 23, 2018

MEM-236-18

The office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson (D-FL) seeks a dynamic
press assistant with strong digital media skills to join our team. Press
assistant tasks include helping to compile daily clips, drafting social media
content, creating graphics, and assisting in any other aspects of the team’s
fast-paced media operation. Strong writing skills and expertise in and a
passion for digital media and politics are required. Hill experience and Florida
ties are a plus. Applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to: FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop-ins allowed.

MEM-228-18

New York Republican Member of Congress is seeking an experienced
legislative assistant to join the team. The legislative assistant is responsible
for drafting legislation, analyzing bills, and meeting with constituents within
their policy portfolio. The position requires a successful candidate to handle a
diverse portfolio of policy issues. A successful candidate will possess
impeccable writing skills, as well as the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment. Two or more years of Hill experience is required. Candidates
with NY ties a plus. This is not an entry level position. Please send resume

Page 1 of 9

and writing sample to nyrepjobs@gmail.com. Phone calls and drop-ins not
accepted.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
o Formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas which
include:
1. devising a legislative plan;
2. drafting the plan into legislative form;
3. planning, coordinating and scheduling introduction of
legislation in the House (or offering it on an appropriate
vehicle if it is in an amendment);
4. gathering support for a bill or amendment from other
Members, as well as appropriate interest groups;
5. working with committees on legislation;
6. coordinating legislative support to get the bill passed in the
House.
o Tracks legislation and other developments in his or her assigned issue
areas and briefs the Member for floor work, committee work, work in
the district, and outside House-related activities;
o Monitors legislative developments within committees;
o Plans and coordinates co-sponsorship and support of other legislation;
o Monitors legislation on the House floor, providing the Member with
information on each vote;
o Writes Floor speeches for the Member;
o If assigned to issues pending before a specific committee, prepares for
and attends committee meetings and hearings with or without the
Member (i.e., keeps in contact with committee staff and meets with
interest groups and constituents with interests in such meetings);
o Acts as a liaison with committee and agency staffs;
o Performs special projects assigned by the Member or Chief of
Staff/Administrative Assistant;
o Meets with constituents and interest groups;
o Provides information on and generates ideas for press, mass mailings,
and newsletters;
o Drafts press releases in issue areas and provides background on media
inquiries;
o Answers constituent letters and helps constituents on federal matters;
o Supervises interns with regard to legislative issues and constituent
responses;
o Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
o Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and
constituents;
o Accepts performance based criticism and direction;
o Works well under pressure and handles stress;
o Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends;
and
Page 2 of 9

o Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A bachelor’s degree or higher education level is preferred, including strong
academic credentials. Some period of related experience or training in
legislation or equivalent is beneficial.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
o Thorough knowledge of the legislative process and of House
organization and procedures;
o Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
o Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the
formulation and recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
o Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
o Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a
tactful, pleasant, and professional manner;
o Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
o Knowledge of office computer applications; and
o Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
o Work is mainly performed in an office environment.
o Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of
privacy

MEM-219-18

Progressive Democrat seeks a highly motivated, detail-orientated and
energetic Scheduler/Executive Assistant with excellent communications,
organizational and inter-personal skills to maintain the Member’s daily and
long-range official Washington, D.C. and district appointments.
Primary responsibilities are tracking, evaluating and responding to invitations
and incoming requests for appointments, managing all travel and logistical
details, and working directly with the Chief of Staff and District Director to
ensure smooth daily operations and a seamless schedule between both offices.
Additionally, the Scheduler manages the Member’s correspondence, performs
various additional administrative duties, and effectively relays changes and
updated information to the Member and staff in a timely manner.
The successful candidate is a self-starter, able to multi-task, quickly solve
problems in a fast-paced, dynamic, team-oriented and constantly changing
environment. The candidate must also be comfortable communicating with a
wide variety of people. Previous Capitol Hill scheduling or other related
experience is strongly preferred.

Page 3 of 9

This position requires a positive attitude, an ability to be flexible and adapt
quickly to changing circumstances, a strong level of competency and attention
to detail and availability to assist the Member outside of regular business
hours.
A Bachelor’s degree is required and 1-3 years of prior scheduling experience
desired. The salary is commensurate with the candidate’s level of experience
with a wide range of benefits. Previous scheduling or advance experience on
Capitol Hill is preferred. Bay Area ties are a plus.
Women and people of color are strongly encouraged to apply. The office does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, military status, gender identity, or expression, or sexual orientation,
or in any of its activities or operations.
Interested applicants should email their resume, one short writing sample and
a list of references to CA17Scheduler@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins, faxes
or phone-calls.

MEM-306-18

The office of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz is seeking
a Legislative Assistant to handle energy, environment, transportation,
agriculture, Native American issues, disaster response and other related
issues. Responsibilities include but are not limited to advising the Member on
all matters in the issue portfolio; developing and advancing policy proposals;
drafting vote recommendations and talking points for related floor and
committee proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; and
representing the Member before constituents and stakeholders. The ideal
candidate will have previous work expertise in the issue areas, prior
experience advising a Member of Congress and advancing policy proposals;
excellent written and verbal communication skills; and an eagerness to work
in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Florida ties are a plus.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume
to FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Legislative Assistant.”
Please save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name
the file “Last name, First name.” This office is an equal opportunity
employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age,
religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or
gender identity or expression.
Application materials must be received by 5:00 pm ET on July 16, 2018.

Page 4 of 9

MEM-209-18

New Jersey Democrat is seeking a highly motivated and organized staff
assistant with excellent oral and written communication skills for the
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include managing front desk
operations, answering telephones, greeting visitors, coordinating tours for
visiting guests, processing flag requests, reviewing, sorting, and responding to
incoming constituent correspondence, addressing constituent matters, and
assisting the Member and legislative staff as needed. Additional duties
include management of the website and social media activities, including
official Facebook and Twitter accounts.
Please e-mail cover letter, resume and two brief writing samples to
nj08jobs@gmail.com. Please, no calls or drop-ins.

MEM-204-18

Events Coordinator/Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of
Congress seeks an energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the team
of her very active and visible constituent services staff.
The Events Coordinator is also a caseworker who helps constituents with
federal issues but spends more of the time managing and directing very
diverse city-wide and neighborhood events that relate to the
Congresswoman’s congressional and constituent responsibilities, including
staying on top of everyday events in the Member’s district that keep the
community connected to the Member’s work. The Events Coordinator takes
the lead to develop major events, among them, the Small Business Fair and
Job Fair.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks. The office prizes staff able
to think outside the box and work independently while also being available to
assist in co-worker projects where necessary or requested. Prior community
or event planning experience is desirable. The ideal candidate will have a
bachelor’s degree, excellent writing and communication skills, experience
interacting with the public and leadership qualities. Candidate must be a
resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to DC if
hired.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter and references to:
dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-193-18

New York Congressman is seeking an experienced communications director
to join the team. The communications director is responsible for developing
and executing a media strategy, which includes writing press releases, talking
points, and op-eds, while also managing the Member's social media pages,
web site, pitching story ideas and working closely with reporters. Must have
on-the-record experience and strong writing skills. Candidates with NY ties a
Page 5 of 9

plus. This is not an entry level position. Position could be based out of DC or
NY.
Please send resume and writing sample to ny03.resumes@gmail.com. Phone
calls and drop-ins not accepted.
MEM-186-18

Military Legislative Assistant
This position is open for individuals to apply that have a minimum of two
years Congressional staff experience and prior military service preferred.
The position would include staffing a conservative Republican Member of
Congress highly engaged through Committee work on Defense and Veterans
policy. Some other policy areas this position would cover include
appropriations, foreign affairs, homeland security, immigration, and
intelligence.
Please send your resume and a cover letter to defensehilljob@gmail.com.

MEM-185-18

Progressive Democrat seeks a highly motivated, detail-orientated and
energetic Scheduler/Executive Assistant with excellent communications,
organizational and inter-personal skills to maintain the Member’s daily and
long-range official Washington, D.C. and district appointments.
Primary responsibilities are tracking, evaluating and responding to invitations
and incoming requests for appointments, managing all travel and logistical
details, and working directly with the Chief of Staff and District Director to
ensure smooth daily operations and a seamless schedule between both offices.
Additionally, the Scheduler manages the Member’s correspondence, performs
various additional administrative duties, and effectively relays changes and
updated information to the Member and staff in a timely manner.
The successful candidate is a self-starter, able to multi-task, quickly solve
problems in a fast-paced, dynamic, team-oriented and constantly changing
environment. The candidate must also be comfortable communicating with a
wide variety of people. Previous Capitol Hill scheduling or other related
experience is strongly preferred.
This position requires a positive attitude, an ability to be flexible and adapt
quickly to changing circumstances, a strong level of competency and attention
to detail and availability to assist the Member outside of regular business
hours.
A Bachelor’s degree is required and 1-3 years of prior scheduling experience
desired. The salary is commensurate with the candidate’s level of experience

Page 6 of 9

with a wide range of benefits. Previous scheduling or advance experience on
Capitol Hill is preferred. Bay Area ties are a plus.
Women and people of color are strongly encouraged to apply. The office does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, military status, gender identity, or expression, or sexual orientation,
or in any of its activities or operations.
Interested applicants should email their resume, one short writing sample and
a list of references to CA17Scheduler@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins, faxes
or phone-calls.

MEM-182-18

Rep. Tom McClintock is seeking a Legislative Correspondent in his DC
office to manage all aspects of constituent correspondence and handle a small
legislative portfolio. Ideal candidates will have knowledge of the legislative
process, excellent writing and organizational skills, strong attention to detail,
and familiarity with Intranet Quorum (IQ). Duties include, but are not limited
to, processing incoming correspondence through Intranet Quorum (IQ),
drafting timely responses, reviewing and writing legislation, and meeting with
constituents on policy matters. Please email resumé and cover letter to
ca04resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-180-18

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative assistant with a background in law to join our
Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will
be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.

Page 7 of 9

To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
MEM-179-18

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a professional and
dynamic executive assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The executive assistant will be responsible for efficient and accurate
management of all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term schedule,
meeting logistics, maintaining files and drafting correspondence, greeting
visitors, answering phones, and contributing to other miscellaneous projects
as needed. The person also will be involved in scheduling staff meetings and
briefings, and helping constituents with their visits to Washington, DC,
among other duties.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, flexible, and calm
under pressure. The applicant must possess excellent communication and
time-management skills, a sense of urgency and the ability to work
independently with sound judgment and minimal direction, and the ability to
work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Two years of experience in an
administrative or scheduling role is preferred, although Hill experience is not
required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "executive assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-177-18

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Government
Reform seeks an active and reliable Digital Press Secretary.
•

•

•

Responsibilities include managing the website, crafting content for
social media channels, developing graphics and videos, covering
hearings and press events, and working with our press team to identify
new ways to engage our followers.
Successful candidates will have at least 1 to 2 years of
communications and digital experience. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Ideal candidates will be proficient in Adobe programs (Photoshop,
Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro, Audition, and After Effects),
CMS, CSS, HTML, manual photography, analytics, and enjoy working
in a fast-paced, rapid response environment.

Page 8 of 9

•

Candidates should submit a resume and portfolio with the subject line
“Digital Press Secretary” to Oversightpress@mail.house.gov. Please,
no phone calls or drop-ins.

Page 9 of 9

