House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 9, 2017

MEM-010-17

Senior Florida Democrat is seeking a highly motivated, detail-oriented, and
energetic individual with excellent organizational, oral and written
communications skills for a staff assistant position in the Washington, DC
office.
Daily tasks include answering calls, conducting and organizing tours,
processing constituent requests, greeting visitors, assisting with the
coordination of the intern program, and aiding the office in various
administrative duties including transporting the Member to meetings and
events as needed. Additionally, the individual will be working with Director
of Scheduling and Chief of Staff on special assignments and projects.
Excellent writing, verbal and strong organizational skills are essential along
with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
. Individuals must have impeccable driving skills, a good driving record and a
vehicle. Candidates should be team-oriented, have a sense of humor, and be
able to work in a fast-paced environment. South Florida ties are a MUST.

Page 1 of 5

Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, a list of three work
references, to FL23resumes@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or expression, or
sexual orientation.
MEM-009-17

Congresswoman Gwen Moore seeks an energetic, motivated, and organized
individual to serve as the Staff Assistant/Personal Assistant. As Staff
Assistant, the individual will manage front desk operations, serve as tour
coordinator, supervise interns, greet visitors, answer telephones, process flag
requests, provide administrative assistance to staff, and perform other duties
as assigned. Familiarity with Intranet Quorum (IQ) preferred. As personal
assistant, the individual will be responsible for transporting the member on a
daily basis and staffing the member at various events. This position will work
closely with the Member of Congress, Director of Operations, and Chief of
Staff. Applicants must have access to or own a car and have a clean driving
record. Previous Capitol Hill experience is strongly desired, but not required.
Wisconsin ties are a plus and minorities and women are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should send a resume and a cover letter to
WI04resume@mail.house.gov by COB January 13, 2017. No drop-bys or
phone calls, please.

MEM-006-17

Congressman Delaney (MD-06) seeks a Legislative Assistant to cover the
Financial Services Committee and other issues as assigned. This job will
entail significant legislative research and working with the Congressman to
draft bills and amendments, as well as building coalitions in support of the
Congressman’s legislative agenda. Candidates must be smart, hard-working,
and good team players. Significant experience with financial services policy
required. This is not an entry-level position.
To apply, please send resume and cover letter to MDLAjob@mail.house.gov

MEM-423-16

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated economist or student of economics to join our Washington,
DC-based policy team as a legislative assistant.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. He or she will be
expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues, including budget and
appropriations, commerce, defense, housing, social welfare, and taxation.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. He or she must
demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom,
the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
Page 2 of 5

individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. A graduate degree in economics or
at least two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill
experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
MEM-421-16

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce
Subcommittee on Oversight & Investigations is seeking a professional
staffer or counsel to begin in January 2017. Experience with congressional
oversight, investigations, or issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction a plus
(health, energy and environment, telecommunications, and consumer
protection). J.D. preferred but not required, as other experience within the
areas of the Committee’s jurisdiction may be equally as relevant. Security
clearance also a plus. Responsibilities include staffing Congressional
hearings, investigations, conducting research, writing and editing, and
document review. Successful candidates will be dependable, detail oriented,
and possess strong communication and writing skills. Salary commensurate
with skills and level of experience. Please send resume, cover letter, writing
sample, and 2 professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-420-16

Democrat seeks senior legislative assistant to handle economic, financial
services, tax and other issues. Significant congressional or public policy
experience required. To apply, please email resume and writing samples to
legislativeassistantposting@gmail.com.

MEM-419-16

New York Member seeks a highly energetic, motivated, and organized Staff
and Press Assistant for the Washington, DC office. The candidate will have
strong interpersonal skills, be comfortable with managing multiple tasks and
work well under pressure.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering and screening
telephone calls; organizing and managing the front office; greeting
constituents and visitors, preparing and coordinating requests for flags and
tours; monitoring deliveries, tracking and managing office supplies and
materials; assisting with mail processing; collecting and disseminating daily
press clips; assisting communications director with projects, research and
assignments. Must be proficient in Microsoft Word, Outlook and Excel.
Experience with communications or graphic design is desired but not
required.
The ideal candidate will have experience interacting with the public and have
excellent writing and communication skills.
This is a full-time permanent position. Qualified applicants should send a
cover letter, and resume to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please be sure to put
STAFF/PRESS ASSISTANT in the subject line.
Page 3 of 5

PLEASE NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS
An Equal Opportunity Employer
MEM-418-16

Progressive Northeastern House Democrat seeks a combination Staff and
Press Assistant for active congressional office. Staff Assistant role involves
typical front desk duties, including greeting constituents, managing front
office interns, processing flag and tour requests, and other administrative
tasks. Press Assistant role will be under the direction of the Communications
Director. The job also includes some legislative projects. Send resume and
cover letter only to democratic.hilljob@gmail.com. No phone call inquiries
will be accepted.

MEM-413-16

Congressman Daniel M. Donovan, Jr. (NY-11) seeks a part-time Constituent
Services Liaison for his Brooklyn District Office. Essential job functions
include: advocate to federal, state, and city agencies on behalf of constituents;
manage constituent casework; speak and meet with constituents regularly;
attend and participate in community meetings and events, including evenings.
Ideal applicants will have strong oral and written communications skills, the
ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment, and possess a
temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner. A background in constituent services is a
plus.
The position is part-time and requires a commitment of 21 hours per week
including days, evenings, and weekends.
Interested candidates should e-mail a cover letter, resume and three references
to NY11Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Constituent Services Liaison” in the
subject line.

MEM-412-16

Southern Republican seeks qualified candidates for a Scheduler.
Responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s schedule in Washington
and the District, evaluating all meeting requests/ invitations, coordinating
travel arrangements, and overseeing office finances and payroll. The ideal
candidate for this position is detail oriented, proactive, possesses strong
communication skills, and can thrive in a fast paced environment. Prior
scheduling experience and access to a car is preferred. Salary commensurate
with experience. Please email your resume to tnjobvacancy@gmail.com to
apply.

MEM-406-16

Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Small Business seeks a
professional staff member to handle a broad portfolio of matters including
those related to regulatory reform, health care, rural/agriculture, energy, and
technology. Exposure to small business policy and SBA programs a plus.
Ideal candidate will be a strong writer, very organized, and have solid
interpersonal skills. Primary responsibilities include hearing preparation
(witness selection, memo, statements, questions), legislative development
Page 4 of 5

(generating ideas, drafting legislation, and advancing legislation), and
outreach and engagement to key stakeholders and interest groups. This is
NOT an entry level position. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Please email resumes and cover letters to resume_opening@yahoo.com
MEM-400-16

House Democrat and member of the House Appropriations Committee seeks
highly motivated and experienced legislative assistant for the Washington,
DC office. The legislative assistant would be responsible for a portfolio of
legislative/policy issue areas, with an emphasis on the environment, energy,
agriculture, telecommunications, natural disasters/emergency management,
science/space, trade, and labor; working with senior staff on new legislative
proposals; drafting of memos and talking points for the Member; drafting of
speeches and remarks on legislative portfolio topics; drafting, review, and
management of related letters; coordination with communications and district
staff on press events; stakeholder meetings and proactive outreach; liaising
with relevant committees; and developing and justifying co-sponsorship and
vote recommendations. The incumbent would work with the full legislative
team and report directly to the Legislative Director.
A graduate degree in environmental studies or two to three years of
environmental policy experience is required. A successful candidate will also
have excellent writing skills; proven analytical abilities; the ability to multitask and meet deadlines in a rigorous environment; and strong interpersonal
skills. Hill experience and Florida ties a plus. Equal opportunity employer.
Salary commensurate with experience. Please send resume and writing
sample to DCResumes@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-bys please.

MEM-352-16

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives. Rep. Elijah E.
Cummings, the Ranking Member, is seeking an Investigative Counsel to join
the Democratic staff to participate in all matters under the Committee’s
jurisdiction, including investigations, hearings, depositions, tran¬scribed
interviews, and briefings. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with 2-5
years of investigative or litigation experience. Candidates must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Please send a
resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Investigative
Counsel” in the subject line.

Page 5 of 5

