________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 22, 2022

MEM-082-22

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include
assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining the
Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and
processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in
setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with
accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $41,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

Page 1 of 22

MEM-081-22

Senior Legislative Assistant: Representative Chrissy Houlahan (PA-06) seeks a
Senior Legislative Assistant for her Washington, DC team.
This individual is responsible for working with the Legislative Director to
formulate and advance the member’s policy priorities, working closely with the
district team to integrate local stakeholder input into the legislative process,
briefing the member before hearings and meetings, helping draft releases,
speeches, and letters, and generally working with other members of a highlycollaborative, high-performing staff to help deliver for our constituents and our
community (which is our #1 priority). This is not an entry-level position.
The ideal candidate writes well, is good at solving problems, is intellectually
curious, is responsive to internal and external stakeholders, is good at building
relationships within the Democratic caucus and across the aisle, can long-term
plan even when the Hill is chaos, can manage the chaos that is working in the
House, and has a sense of humor.
Prior healthcare or appropriations legislative experience desired but not required.
The base salary is $65,000. Benefits include health insurance, a retirement plan,
four weeks of paid time off plus one additional week of paid time off for
community service, transit benefits, student loan repayment, flexible teleworking
options, and more.
Interested applicants should e-mail 1) a resume, 2) a cover letter, and 3) two
writing samples to PA06HoulahanJobs@gmail.com with the subject “Senior LA:
LAST NAME.” The office strives to have an office that reflects the diversity of
our country so members of historically underrepresented communities are
encouraged to apply.
Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate
effectively in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes. Requests for accommodation
should be directed to PA06HoulahanJobs@gmail.com.

MEM-080-22

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR –The bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus
(PSC) seeks an innovative, strategic, and experienced communications director
based in Washington, D.C. The staff member in this position proactively
promotes and helps build the Caucus’s national image and manage its press,
social media, website, and communications operations.
The communications director works closely with the executive director, PSC cochairs, and member office staff to carry out assigned duties. This position is
responsible for helping plan, draft, and coordinate communications activities to
advance caucus priorities, including pitching stories, developing social media
content, writing press releases, and maintaining positive working relationships
with members of the media. The communications director organizes Caucus press
Page 2 of 22

conferences, coordinates outside speaking requests, produces caucus-oriented
talking points, and works collaboratively with member offices.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least two years of
previous communications experience, including Capitol Hill experience and
relationships with the congressional press corps. A disposition aligned with the
caucus mission of breaking the gridlock in Congress by promoting bipartisan,
bicameral collaboration and policies is essential.
Candidates must possess strong writing, communication, and organizational
skills, digital and social media savviness, creativity, and the ability to work with
members and their staff under tight deadlines. Candidates should also be familiar
with graphic design, website and social media design, videography, and
constructing and conveying messages to a national audience through print,
television, and digital media.
Salary range for this position is $50,000 to $58,000 plus benefits. The Problem
Solvers Caucus is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, national origin, or military status.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and at least two professional references
to Jaclyn.ODay@mail.house.gov, with the subject line “PSC Communications
Director.”
MEM-079-22

Representative Judy Chu (CA-27) seeks a Legislative Assistant to manage her
work on the House Budget and Small Business Committees and an active
portfolio that includes transportation & infrastructure, education, defense,
science, agriculture, and animal rights.
Responsibilities include: preparing and staffing the Member in committee
hearings and markups, developing and advancing legislation and other policy
priorities of the Member, researching and advising the Member on policy issues
and vote recommendations, drafting talking points, and representing the Member
in meetings and events.
The successful candidate will be an independent worker and a self-starter, possess
the capacity to produce high-quality work in a fast-paced environment and have
strong communication and writing skills. Candidate should be able to synthesize
complex technical information under tight deadlines. Must possess a positive
attitude, a good sense of humor and thrive in a team environment. Preferred
candidates will have Hill experience.
This is not an entry level position. This office is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and

Page 3 of 22

members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to ca27jobs@gmail.com. Please include your name and “Legislative Assistant” in
the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please!
MEM-075-22

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a high-energy, highly-organized,
and detail-oriented District Staff Member for his offices in Gaithersburg and
Frederick.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Staffer will work out of the Gaithersburg and Frederick Offices.
•Serve as the official representative for the Member in the community.
•Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships for
the Member.
•Monitor and update the Member and District Director on local issues of
importance.
•Staff and provide logistical support for district meetings and events for the
Member.
•Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
•Answer correspondence and verbal communications with constituents in a
timely manner.
•Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
•Monitor and triage incoming District Office correspondence as needed.
•Office administrative duties as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
•Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
•Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
•Thorough knowledge of the legislative process.
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
•Maryland ties are a plus.
•Fluency in Spanish or other non-English languages is a plus.

Page 4 of 22

The Office of Congressman David Trone strongly values the diversity of our
employees and strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds and all
levels of experience to apply.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to md06.jobs@gmail.com with
“District Staff” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins.
MEM-074-22

Deputy District Director: The Office of U.S. Representative Chrissy Houlahan,
PA-06 is seeking a customer service oriented, high performing individual to serve
as Deputy District Director for our two offices in Pennsylvania.
This is not an entry level position. To be considered for the position, candidates
must have previous relevant experience. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political acumen and instincts, and
possess superior written and verbal communication skills.
As Deputy District Director you will track casework progress and effectiveness
of all issue areas while maintaining issue areas as assigned to you by the District
Director. Excel spreadsheet familiarity is a requirement, and you will be
responsible for tracking federal funds allocated to the district via a variety of
funding streams. You will assist with onboarding/training of staff and oversee
quarterly email updates for selected issue areas and collaborate with constituent
advocates in drafting the updates.
You will represent the Congresswoman in meetings and at events in the district
while building and maintaining productive, supportive working relationships with
stakeholders – including coordination of annual attendance at municipal
meetings. The right candidate will demonstrate a clear understanding of issues
within the district and proactively identify emerging challenges in the community
and inside our organization and work with the District Director to solve them.
Additionally, you will pursue new relationships with local leaders and
community groups while keeping the District Director and staff informed of
emerging trends and areas of potential action.
The right candidate will serve as a critical part of a close-knit team. Applicants
should have an enthusiastic interest in public service, superior attention to detail,
and motivation to serve our community. Excellent written and oral
communication skills are essential, as well as the ability to manage multiple
tasks, deadlines, and work well under pressure.
Job responsibilities include outreach to relevant stakeholder groups in our
community and successful candidates must have their own reliable transportation.
Spanish language skills are appreciated. Optimistic demeanor and a good sense of
humor are a plus. Connections to Pennsylvania and the 6th district are a must.

Page 5 of 22

Our office hours are 9:00am – 5:00 pm Monday through Friday. Our district staff
alternates days in the office and days in a work-from-home/outreach schedule.
This is a full-time position, and you must be able to attend work duties on some
evening and weekends for events as needed. Starting salary range is $62,500.
Medical benefits, savings and investment planning, tuition loan reimbursement,
and 20 days paid leave are available as benefits for full time staff members.
Additionally, as Rep. Houlahan believes in actively giving back to our
community, each staff member is allocated 5 additional days of paid leave for
volunteer work.
Please submit resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to PA06HoulahanJobs@gmail.com and indicate “Deputy District Director: (your
last name)” in the subject line.
Resumes without cover letter and writing sample will not be considered. No
drop-bys or walk-ins, please. Resume submission will close on February 28,
2022. This position will report to the District Director.
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and
minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-071-22

The Office of Rep. Seth Moulton (MA-06) is looking for a principled, missiondriven, and energetic candidate with a robust policy background in national
security.
The Defense & Foreign Policy Advisor will assist in the development of
strategic policy goals and support the Member’s work on the House Armed
Services Committee, including leading the office’s priorities in the National
Defense Authorization Act. This role typically supervises a Defense Department
and a graduate student fellow, both of whom are full-time.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A bachelor’s degree is required and advanced degrees are preferred. A minimum
of 3-5 years of experience in national security policy is required, legislative
experience an advantage.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
Ability to think creatively, operate entrepreneurially, build and motivate a strong
team, and build effective partnerships.
Temperament to communicate and lead professionally in stressful situations with
a wide range of constituents and colleagues.
Energetic motivation to drive a path-breaking national security agenda for a new
Page 6 of 22

generation of national security challenges, grounded in American principles but
not beholden to traditional policies and practices.
TO APPLY:
Please provide a resume and cover letter to ma06.resumes@mail.house.gov, with
the subject line “Defense & Foreign Policy Advisor” by 10 am Monday, February
28.
MEM-070-22

Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. (NC-12), seeks a Legislative Assistant
to join her Washington, DC office. The Legislative Assistant will implement the
Member’s agenda within the House Education and Labor Committee and
Bipartisan HBCU Caucus as well as manage a portfolio including but not limited
to Judiciary, Immigration, and Women's issues.
Candidates must have an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in a
fast-paced work environment. Strong organizational and time management skills,
excellent written and verbal communication skills, sound policy judgement, and a
keen attention to detail are required.
Candidates should have a strong track record of translating policy priorities into
successful legislative outcomes and developing proactive relationships with onand off-Hill stakeholders. Candidates will be expected to frequently brief and
staff the Member and demonstrate strong verbal communication skills.
Candidates should demonstrate willingness to learn, be receptive to feedback, and
enjoy working in a team-first, collaborative work environment. Ideal candidates
also possess a strong work ethic, enthusiasm for public service, and a
commitment to the Congresswoman's progressive values.
The candidate will work directly with the Congresswoman, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and intra- and inter-departmental peers to advance the
Congresswoman’s priorities.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Drafting and advancing legislation and amendments through various legislative
vehicles;
• Serving as the primary Office lead for the Bipartisan HBCU Caucus;
• Preparing hearing memos and questions for witnesses for House Education and
Labor Committee;
• Drafting talking points, letters, House Education and Labor Committee vote
recommendations, and other materials;
• Monitoring and analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings,
news stories and other relevant info; and
• Representing the Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.

Page 7 of 22

This is not an entry-level position. Experience in education policy is preferred.
North Carolina ties are a plus but are not required. Candidates from diverse and
underrepresented backgrounds and women are strongly encouraged to apply.
The Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams Ph.D is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Consistent with applicable law, the Office requires all staff to be fully vaccinated
against COVID-19 as a term and condition of employment.
To apply: Email a resume, cover letter, and 2 policy writing samples
to Christopher.DeVore@mail.house.gov AND John.Christie@mail.house.gov wit
h “Full Name - Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. Interviews will be
conducted on a rolling basis and no applications will be accepted after February
25, 2022. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-069-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks a Press Media
Secretary based in the DC office to work closely with the Communications
Director, based in the district office to develop and execute the Congressman’s
communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and Means, Armed
Services, and Budget committees.
The Press Media Secretary must be and stay up to date with the latest digital,
technical, and social media trends. Able to express the Congressman's voice
creatively and promote social media presence, ensuring high web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines. This position serves as a
part of the Communications team and reports directly to the Director of
Communications based in the district, however, this person will be the main point
of contact in the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
• Acts as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Managing the Congressman’s social media platforms, developing a weekly
content calendar, and drafting rapid response content during breaking news
moments.
• Maintaining the Congressman’s website and drafting new website content
covering key policy issues.
• Preparing daily press clip summaries and monitoring the Congressman’s media
mentions.

Page 8 of 22

• Writing a weekly newsletter, creating digital ads, and participating in other
efforts to keep constituents of Nevada’s Fourth District informed about the work
of a busy Congressional office.
• Helping to plan and staff communications-focused events for the Congressman,
both in-district and in Washington D.C.
• Writing short-form speeches and video scripts and preparing video clips of the
Congressman for public distribution.
• Building relationships with allies and online influencers to amplify
Congressman Horsford’s digital message and expand his online reach.
• Perform all other duties as required
The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work closely with
legislative and district staff. The ideal candidate will have experience in or
interest in learning about aspects of the office’s traditional press operations,
including writing press releases, drafting talking points and speeches, forming
relationships with members of the media, and pitching stories.
This is an ideal position for someone with 1-2 years of communications or digital
experience. Applicants must be passionate about public service, well-organized,
and have the ability to work on weekends and holidays when necessary.
Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other
languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply. Experience
with video editing and graphic design is also a plus. Nevada ties are a plus, but
not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, three writing samples, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Press/Media Secretary” in the subject
line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-068-22

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Professional Staff member responsible for the nutrition portfolio as well as other
related human services issues.
Candidates should have familiarity with federal nutrition policy, including the
Child Nutrition Act and the National School Lunch Act. Knowledge of other
federal statutes and policies within the Committee’s jurisdiction and how they
impact nutrition programs is preferred. An advanced degree in nutrition, health
policy, or a related field preferred.

Page 9 of 22

Applicants should have at least 3 – 5 years of experience in Congress, federal
government, or advocacy organization. Duties will include supporting the
development of legislation, providing technical assistance to the Committee and
Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing written materials and
legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of Committee proceedings and
events related to nutrition. Salary range is between $65-80K, commensurate with
experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a cover letter, resume, and two short writing
samples demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Professional Staff - Nutrition" in the subject
line. Please apply no later than March 4, 2022.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-066-22

California Democratic Congressman seeks a seeks a collaborative and creative
Digital Media Manager to join his Washington, D.C., office to lead his digital
media strategy.
This position is responsible for but not limited to: developing a weekly social
media plan, creating and editing digital content, video production and
scriptwriting.
Qualified applicants should have experience in photography, graphic design
(using Canva / Adobe Creative Suite), as well as a keen understanding of social
media platforms and a desire to think outside the box. This position entails
opportunity to travel to the district to manage livestreaming, filming, and
photographing events.
While the individual’s primary responsibilities would center on digital efforts,
they would assist in other day-to-day operations as a member of an active press
office, including drafting of e-newsletters, press releases, and other written
materials. Ability to work well with others, manage competing priorities, and turn
around high-quality products under tight deadlines are a must. Some evening and
weekend work will be required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.

Page 10 of 22

Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and three digital work
product samples to CAHouseJob@mail.house.gov with “Digital Media Manager”
in the subject line.
MEM-065-22

The House Judiciary Committee Democratic Staff seeks a Parliamentarian to
advise the Chairman during Judiciary Committee proceedings.
Responsibilities include assisting in all aspects of preparation for Committee
hearings and markups; staffing hearings and serving as a resource to all Members
of the Committee; ensuring all legislative materials for markups and floor
consideration are properly prepared and comply with House rules and procedures;
and working closely with the Chief Clerk to ensure all notice deadlines and
reporting requirements are met.
Qualified candidates must have a detailed understanding of House rules and
procedures; excellent written and oral communication skills; exceptional
organizational skills; a proven ability to perform under pressure; and sound
judgment.
The Judiciary Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and
candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and writing sample
to Job.Jdem@mail.house.gov. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-064-22

Congresswoman Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) seeks an organized, creative, teamoriented, strong writer Communications/Grants Coordinator for her
DISTRICT offices in Washington state.
The Communications Assistant responsibilities include writing remarks for
virtual and in-person events, writing speeches for recorded remarks, briefing
memos, accompanying the Member and staff at key events to support
communications (press events and/or taking photographs for social media),
drafting newsletter, and helping to plan townhalls and assisting the
communications team in with the Member’s communications operation.
Strong writing and editing skills are required. This role will spend about fifty
percent of its time supporting communications and fifty percent of its time
coordinating the Grants program.
The Congresswoman’s District offices maintains and tracks upcoming federal
grants available for constituents and stakeholders to apply as well as tracks who
are awarded grants within Washington’s 10th Congressional District.
Responsibilities include liaising with local and state government, local businesses
and community-based organizations, federal agency grant administrators, and
Page 11 of 22

internal staff, maintaining and regularly updating the grants tracker, flagging for
the team when new grants are available, and providing additional office support
as needed.
Candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills,
interpersonal skills, great attention to detail, strong time management skills, and a
desire to work collaboratively. Washington State ties are a plus.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, three references, two
comms/press writing samples, to WA10Resumes@gmail.com using
“Communications/Grants Coordinator-[LAST NAME]” in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate based on
race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual
orientation, or gender identity or expression. We strongly value the diversity of
our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-058-22

“Congresswoman Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) seeks an organized, creative,
team-oriented Staff Assistant/Press Assistant with strong writing skills and a
passion for digital media in her Washington, DC office.
Staff Assistant responsibilities include managing the front office, coordinating
tour and flag requests, overseeing the DC internship/fellowship program, drafting
greeting letters, and providing additional office support as needed.
Press Assistant responsibilities include daily press clips, drafting social media
content, creating graphics, writing remarks and memos, managing the press
intern, and assisting the Press Secretary and Digital Director with the Member’s
communications operation.
Candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills, great
attention to detail, strong time management skills, and a desire to work
collaboratively. Washington State ties are a plus.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, three references, a writing
sample, and two digital samples to WA10Resumes@gmail.com using “Staff
Assistant/Press Assistant-[LAST NAME]” in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate based on
race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual
orientation, or gender identity or expression. We strongly value the diversity of
our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.”

MEM-056-22

Rep. Dina Titus seeks an organized and detail-oriented Staff Assistant for her
Washington, D.C. office.

Page 12 of 22

Primary responsibilities include managing the front office, answering and logging
telephone calls, managing constituent requests for flags and tours, assisting with
constituent correspondence, recruiting and managing interns, supporting
legislative and communications staff, and other administrative duties.
Candidates should be motivated self-starters with excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal communication skills, strong organizational skills, demonstrate an
ability to think quickly when troubleshooting, and maintain a positive demeanor
in a busy environment. Capitol Hill or other relevant experience is preferred.
Candidates with a diverse background, Nevada state ties, and Spanish-language
proficiency are strongly encouraged to apply. Rep. Titus is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Those interested in applying should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and one short
writing samples to NV01Jobs@gmail.com subject: “Staff Assistant”.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis and will remain open until the
position is filled.
MEM-055-22

Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Office of Advice and
Education.
The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are responsible for providing a
high volume of ethics advice, education, and training to Members of Congress
and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written
work product. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve
all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral
communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the
sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of
the following areas is desirable: government ethics; ethics counseling and
training; and criminal law. The salary range for this position is $126,614 and
$134,782.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the
subject line.

Page 13 of 22

MEM-050-22

The Office of Representative McEachin (VA04) seeks a motivated, creative, selfstarter to join the district staff as a District Representative in the Richmond, VA
office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the Congressman,
representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and updating the
community at district events. The primary casework focus for this position will
be Veteran’s Affairs and the Department of Defense; the staff member will also
manage the Congressman’s Service Academy nomination process and outreach to
Fort Lee.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public. Additionally, successful
candidates will have a positive, solution-driven personality, demonstrate excellent
oral and written communication skills, and show keen attention to detail and an
ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment. Virginia ties and
military experience/exposure are not necessary but are a plus.
Please submit a resume and references to McEachin.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
“District Representative” in the subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis.
Representative McEachin’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information, disability,
or uniformed service.

MEM-049-22

California Democrat seeks a Legislative Assistant who will be responsible for a
portfolio that includes health care, economy and labor, immigration, and other
issues.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting and analyzing legislation,
preparing memos and remarks, and representing the Congressman in meetings
with constituents and outside groups. The position also requires strong
organizational and time management skills, excellent written and verbal
communication, and keen attention to detail.
This is not an entry level position and an ideal candidate would have at least 2
years of Hill or comparable policy experience. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages people of color, women, and LGBTQ+ candidates to
apply.

Page 14 of 22

Please submit a cover letter, resume, two references, and one writing sample
to CAHouseJob@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.
MEM-048-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a Chief Operations
Director who will work under the guidance of the Member, the Chief of Staff,
and partner with the District Director to help determine and execute the overall
strategies of the office. This includes, but is not limited to, media relations
strategies, and collaborating with District staff on important outreach and
communication efforts.
In addition, the Chief Operations Director will provide leadership and guidance to
structure the office to provide outstanding constituent relations. The Chief
Operations Director will also assist with recruiting and hiring efforts, the
establishment of office policies and procedures, and perform other critical
functions to support administrative operations.
Finally, they will supervise and oversee various operational components related
to the duties of the Communications Director, Scheduler and District Director;
and during the Chief of Staff’s absence, the entire Team. Travel to the District is
required.
Sample Duties
•Assist Chief of Staff and District Director with staff management, including but
not limited to elevated personnel issues/staff conflict
•Under direction of Chief of Staff, assist in draft MRA budget proposals for
franking/events for Chief and Member approval.
•Under direction of Chief of Staff and District Director, onboard new staff and off
board outgoing staff – assist staff with understanding staff health and retirement
benefits; ensure staff ID is secured; office equipment is provided and returned as
needed. Oversee timely and proper staff and Member submissions and
reimbursements.
•Under direction of Chief of Staff, plan staff retreats and ensure goals derived
from strategic planning session are relevant and actively implemented.
•Negotiate, finalize, and process district office leases.
•Review Staff Handbook periodically. Solicit staff and Member feedback to
suggest updates to office policies. Ensure all language is in compliance with
House Rules, Standards and Federal Leave Law.
•Work with Chief of Staff, District Director, Legislative Director, and
Communications Director to identify district legislative priorities and develop
and implement action plans for the office to engage constituents on the issue(s)
through direct outreach, events, social media, etc.; corresponding outreach to
federal, state, local agencies; and potential legislation.
•Participate in both district and DC office department meetings, e.g., casework,
communications, outreach, and legislation and ensure meeting discussions
throughout offices accurately identify existing challenges and discuss time
Page 15 of 22

sensitive and relevant office and Member goals. Inform counterpart offices and
departments of new developments from other team members as needed.
•Assist Chief of Staff and Member with staff evaluations and decision on
bonuses.
Requirements
•Prior experience working in the US Congress and/or Federal government
preferred
•Experience developing and implementing a strategy for an organization or
Member office
•Build productive working relationships and serve as a leader for staff in the
Member office
•Strong written and verbal communication skills
•Able to positively influence and advise staff on policy decisions, legislative
initiatives, and office management
•Comfortable balancing multiple responsibilities and competing deadlines
•Politically savvy and has experience navigating the culture at the House of
Representatives
•Strong decision-making and strategic thinking skills
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Operations Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-046-22

LEGISLATIVE AIDE — Rep. Jim Costa (CA-16) seeks a Legislative Aide in
his Washington, DC office. The Legislative Aide will handle a diverse portfolio
of issues including Health Care, Education, Labor, Housing, and Immigration,
among others.
Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, monitoring legislative priorities
both on and off committees of jurisdiction, taking meetings and building
relationships with constituent groups, providing vote recommendations, advising
the Member on policy issues, and performing other tasks as required.
Candidates should have prior Capitol Hill or relevant policy experience, be highly
motivated, detail-oriented professionals with strong organizational and timemanagement skills, as well as positive attitudes, and pride in work. Applicants
with ties to California’s 16th Congressional District are strongly encouraged to
apply. Spanish fluency is a plus.

Page 16 of 22

Please e-mail cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample in a single PDF
to resume@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Aide” in the subject line.
Absolutely no phone calls, e-mails, or walk-ins. The Office of Representative
Costa is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining an
inclusive and diverse work environment.
MEM-042-22

Congressman James E. Clyburn, Chairman of the House Select Subcommittee on
the Coronavirus Crisis, seeks a Communications Director to lead the Majority
staff’s press operations. The ideal candidate will be a communications
professional with extensive experience working with media, as well as
impeccable writing skills and experience drafting and editing press releases, opeds, and talking points.
Responsibilities include developing and implementing the Select Subcommittee’s
communications strategy across digital and traditional media, drafting press
releases and other materials, responding to media inquiries, coordinating
interviews and press events, and preparing the Chairman for these events.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Communications Director” in the subject line.

MEM-040-22

New York City Democrat seeks a Director of Outreach and Community
Engagement for their district office.
Responsibilities include building strategic relationships with community leaders
and constituent groups, executing various outreach activities, and recruiting
volunteers for events and outreach programs in the district.
Duties also include coordinating initiatives designed to promote the office and
services to the community, managing an outreach and organizing plan for the
team, and any other assigned duties. Candidates should possess excellent
organization, leadership, teamwork, and management skills, as well as verbal and
written communication skills.
The Director of Outreach and Community Engagement will report to the District
Director. Ties to Brooklyn, a proven management record, and a minimum of
three years of related experience are required. This position is based in the local
Brooklyn, NY office. This is a permanent, full-time position and a senior-level
position in a fast-paced office that frequently requires some non-traditional work
hours.

Page 17 of 22

Fluency in other language other than English (Creole, Arabic, Russian) highly
preferred. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, and resume
to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.
Please place DIRECTOR OF OUTREACH AND COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT in the subject line.
NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
MEM-033-22

Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere,
Civilian Security, Migration, and International Economic Policy is seeking a
Temporary Staff Associate (with an end-date of July 2022) to handle day to day
administration, subcommittee event coordination, intern management, conduct
policy research, draft press and social media statements, and other tasks as
assigned.
Spanish proficiency preferred. The Staff Associate will serve as a subcommittee
staffer coordinating hearings and assisting with preparing legislative documents.
Successful candidates will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detailoriented, with strong writing and communication skills and able to work in a fastpaced environment.
Candidates must hold a bachelor’s degree and demonstrate clear interest in U.S.
policy toward Latin America and the Western Hemisphere more broadly.
Previous Hill experience is preferred but not required. Previous relevant work
experience is preferred.
Qualified candidates should send resume and cover letter
to WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Temporary Staff Associate.”
No calls or drop-ins.

MEM-019-22

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), chair of the
Congressional Progressive Caucus, seeks an experienced, creative, and highly
motivated Communications Director to lead media and strategy efforts in her
fast-paced Washington, D.C. and Seattle, WA offices.
An ideal candidate will:
●Possess strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to
multitask while thriving in a fast-paced setting under tight deadlines;
●Have experience working directly with local and national reporters, bookers,
and other members of the media to proactively pitch stories and respond to
inquiries;
●Think strategically and creatively while designing, implementing, and
evaluating both short and long-term communications plans in addition to leading
rapid response efforts;
Page 18 of 22

●Have a proven track record of writing in the voice of a principal (op-eds,
speeches, statements, messaging, talking points, digital content, etc.) and
explaining policy issues in ways that people can easily understand;
●Know how to operate directly with a principal and collaboratively across
departments while demonstrating experience managing a team;
●Understand the digital media landscape and current digital trends, with
experience overseeing a digital program;
●Have a strong record of advocating for progressive values;
●Be willing to staff the Congresswoman for press, and work weekends and
irregular hours.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Developing and executing the office’s communications strategy for Capitol Hill
and Seattle, including national and local press, messaging, writing, events, and
digital;
●Working directly with the Congresswoman to prepare and staff her for
interviews, speeches, press conferences, public events, roundtables, and other
opportunities;
●Building and sustaining strong relationships with local and national reporters
(including Capitol Hill reporters, local reporters, and issue-specific reporters at
national outlets), editors, columnists, producers, bookers, and advocacy groups;
●Proactively and strategically engaging in media outreach, including pitching
reporters while also fielding and responding to press inquiries at the local and
national levels;
●Serving as the spokesperson (on the record, on background, and off the record)
for the Congresswoman;
●Drafting written materials including press statements, quotes, speeches,
remarks, op-eds, press releases and advisories, and talking points;
●Designing creative plans to effectively roll out legislation, letters, and other
policy initiatives that include press components, and events;
●Overseeing a robust, aggressive, engaging, and data-driven online
communications program;
●Supervising and partnering with the Digital Manager, who manages all digital
and online content, to maintain strategic messaging across official channels while
collaborating with Progressive Caucus staff;
●Working collaboratively with the District Office to ensure a consistently strong
local/state media presence while collaborating with the legislative team on a daily
basis.
This is a senior level position. Applicants must have a proven track record of
working with the press, and a minimum of two years of experience as a press
secretary or communications director is required. Previous experience on
campaigns (political, legislative, or issue-based) and on Capitol Hill is preferred.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Page 19 of 22

Qualified candidates should include the following in their application:
●Résumé
●Cover letter
●Three writing samples including an op-ed or speech, and a statement
●Three references
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-594-21

Job Announcement: Field Representative
Southern California Republican Member of the House
Are you looking for an exciting and fast-paced career in public service? A
Southern California Republican has an immediate need to hire a full-time Field
Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to
join our high-energy team.
Basic Functions
The Field Representative serves an important role in the Member’s Congressional
District, acting as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents. They are responsible for strengthening community
relations and assessing casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or
Congressional oversight.
Duties
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative briefs the Member in preparation for district meetings with
constituents and acts as the representative for the Member by attending events
and meetings. This includes public speaking and certificate presentations. The
Field Representative will:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
•Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
•Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
Requirements
•Expertise developing and executing a community relations strategy
•Experience in maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders
•Political savvy and comfort navigating complicated situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including nights and
Page 20 of 22

weekends
•Constituent service oriented; patient empathetic, with a desire to help
constituents
Position Qualifications/Education
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with Orange County is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline
Salary starts at $3,500 per month. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to
Stephanie Hu, District Director
Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-539-21

Nevada’s 4th District Democratic Member of Congress seeks a highly organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for a position in our North Las Vegas,
Nevada District office. Candidates must be comfortable working with the public,
have excellent oral and written communication skills, problem solving abilities.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests, answering
phones, conducting tours, overseeing an active mail program;
•Sorting/batching correspondence, drafting correspondence and ensuring a swift
turnaround time;
•Responding to constituent mail, keeping abreast of legislative developments, and
meeting with constituent groups;
•Assisting District Representatives as needed, and
•Perform all other duties as assigned and required
The ideal candidate will be/must have:
•Passionate about public service and committed to democratic values;
•Strong writing, communication skills and be detail-oriented;
•Have advanced experience with spreadsheets and forms,
•A poised, confident, self-starter, and team-player with a sense of humor; and
•The ability to work in a high-paced environment.
•The ability work weekends and holidays
•Have reliable transportation, auto insurance and a clean driving record
•Currently enrolled in an ungraduated degree program at a college or university
or have a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in the related fields of human services

Page 21 of 22

or social work, and a minimum of one-year relevant experience in community or
human services.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Spanish language skills and District ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, one writing sample and
three professional references in a single PDF file. Email submissions to the
Director of Administration, nv04resume@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-DSA-2 __last name, First name".
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 22 of 22

