House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 27, 2020

MEM-025-20

Rep. Joe Cunningham (SC-01) seeks a Legislative Director to manage an
active issue portfolio that includes, but is not necessarily limited to, health
care, transportation, labor, and manufacturing.
Responsibilities include overseeing the office’s legislative operation and staff,
including both Committee and floor activity; providing vote and
cosponsorship recommendations to the member; writing floor speeches;
drafting and editing constituent correspondence; meeting with constituents
and advocacy groups on behalf of the member; and numerous other assigned
tasks.
The LD must have the ability to think strategically about the member’s
overall legislative priorities, and is expected to work closely with district
office staff and constituents. Experience in a frontline office and/or South
Carolina ties are pluses.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
cunninghamresumes@gmail.com with “Legislative Director” in the subject
line.
No phone calls, faxes, individual emails, or walk-ins, please.
Page 1 of 10

QUALIFICATIONS:
-At least five years of substantive legislative, policy, or related experience;
-A demonstrated understanding of health care, transportation, labor, and
manufacturing policy, and a working knowledge of environmental and
veterans/military issues.
-Strong understanding of politics and the intersection of politics and policy;
-Knowledge of floor procedure, the amendment introduction process, and the
appropriations process is a plus.
-Strong writing, interpersonal, and organizational skills are required;
-Minority candidates are encouraged to apply;
-South Carolina (particularly in-district) ties are a major plus.
This is a senior, non-supervisory position and reports directly to the Chief of
Staff. The office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color,
and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-023-20

Rep. Suzan DelBene (WA-1), a Member of the Ways and Means Committee,
seeks a proactive Communication Director based in her Washington, DC
office.
Responsibilities include responding to media inquiries; writing press releases
and speeches; pitching stories to Washington state and national media;
overseeing the office’s social media accounts; managing an assistant;
organizing press events in DC and Washington state.
Qualified candidates should have very strong writing skills, on-the-record
experience, are self-motivated, have at least five years of experience in
communications, and work well in a collaborative environment. This is not an
entry-level position. Some travel to Washington state is expected.
Please send a cover letter, resume and at least two writing samples to
washington.resumes@mail.house.gov. If you have salary requirements, please
include them in your application.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, or sexual orientation. Diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply. Pacific Northwest ties and familiarity with national,
regional and local media outlets are positives.
No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-019-20

Job title: DC Scheduler/Operations Coordinator
Job description:
Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-7) seeks a DC Scheduler/Operations
Page 2 of 10

Coordinator. Applicants should have scheduling experience, ideally with a
Congressional office, a political campaign, or a similarly fast-paced
organization. Applicants should be extremely attentive to detail, organized,
and proactive.
This position will not involve legislative or press work, but will involve
coordinating with those teams to ensure the Congresswoman’s time is
balanced across various priorities. Job responsibilities will include:
•Creating and updating the Congresswoman’s schedule in DC
•Responding to invitations for DC meetings and events
•Communicating with the District team about invitations for District events
•Managing the Congresswoman’s travel plans and logistics
•Managing the Congresswoman’s time minute-to-minute in DC
•Preparing meeting briefs and binders for all meetings and events in DC, by
coordinating with event participants and the appropriate staff members
•Keeping staff members and the Congresswoman updated in real time about
schedule changes
•Creating a weekly schedule that balances the Congresswoman’s official and
unofficial time in DC
•Maintaining files of invitations that have been declined, accepted, or that are
tentative/pending
•Preparing thank-you notes for the Congresswoman to send following DC and
District meetings
•Maintaining a “homework binder” for the Congresswoman
•Working with the Chief of Staff to update and track the office budget
•Processing vouchers for travel and expense reimbursement for the Member
and staff
•Processing and all office expenditures, and reconciling office expenditures
on a bi-weekly basis
•Assisting with other operational tasks such as booking rooms for meetings,
responding to constituent requests (e.g. tours, photo ops, etc.), assigning
parking spaces to staff, and assisting the Chief of Staff with the management
of payroll and benefits
•Serving as a member of the “front office” team, including assisting the Staff
Assistant as needed with answering the phone and greeting visitors
•Additional duties related to managing the overall operation of the DC office
To apply, please submit a one-page resume, 2-3 references, and answers to
the following three additional questions to
Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “DC Scheduler” in the subject
line. Competitive salary commensurate with experience.
Three additional questions:
1. If Rep. Spanberger was taking a meeting in DC with a stakeholder group,
what information would you want to make sure she had in advance of that
Page 3 of 10

meeting?
2. The person in this role will get dozens of requests every day for
meetings/events for Rep. Spanberger to attend. What would be your system
for tracking/responding to those invitations?
3. Do you have a salary requirement or expected salary range?
Rep. Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information,
disability, or uniformed service.
MEM-015-20

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (I-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and selfmotivated legislative counsel to join our Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative counsel will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will
be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative counsel applicant" in the
subject line.
No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-012-20

Title: Caucus Assistant
Office: House Democratic Caucus Office
“Democratic Leadership office seeks motivated and punctual individual to
manage the front office, supervise a robust internship program, plan and
execute Member-level events such as the weekly meeting of the House
Democratic Caucus, manage the Caucus letter folding program, complete
Spanish translation projects, schedule senior staff and support other
departments in a fast paced environment.

Page 4 of 10

The job primarily involves operational, administrative and management tasks,
as well as a close working relationship with other departments. The Caucus
Assistant will report directly to the Operations and Outreach Coordinator.
Candidates must be proactive project supervisors, excellent writers, diligent
organizers and strong team players with an interest in developing their own
leadership skills. Applicants with Spanish fluency are strongly encouraged to
apply. Prior experience in a Congressional office and a positive attitude is a
plus.
This is an entry-level position and requires the ability to manage multiple
high-priority tasks at once. This office is an equal opportunity employer
committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation,
gender identity or disability. Women and minority applicants are encouraged
to apply.
To apply, please send PDFs of resume, cover letter, writing sample and three
professional references to DemCaucus.Jobs@mail.house.gov with name and
“2020 Caucus Assistant Application” in the subject line. Absolutely no phone
calls or drop-ins please”
MEM-011-20

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a press secretary to serve in
her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be proactive concerning press
engagement, and possess superior written and oral communication skills
(including editing, and proofreading capabilities). The ideal candidate will
have prior political, legislative, and communications experience. Connecticut
ties are a plus.
Primary responsibilities:
-Establishing and maintaining relationships with Connecticut, national, and
D.C.-based media;
-Coordinating all media efforts and communication-related events;
-Drafting and distributing press releases and media advisories;
-Creating, editing, and placing op-eds;
-Developing, editing, and posting content across all social media platforms;
-Pitching stories to reporters and producers, including national and
Connecticut media, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the point-ofcontact for media;
-Monitoring media narratives and identifying opportunities to promote the
Congresswoman;
-Overseeing Franked communications strategy. This includes drafting,
designing, and distributing Franked mail content; maintaining all social media
platforms; and managing the bi-weekly congressional e-newsletter;
-Updating the Congresswoman’s website and ensuring that it features timely
content;
-Coordinating and staffing the Congresswoman for interviews and events
Page 5 of 10

(including occasional night and weekend commitments);
-Managing a small team of press assistants.
To apply:
Please send a current resume, cover letter with salary requirements, two
writing samples (not to exceed one page each), and three references to
ct05jobs@mail.house.gov
No calls, emails or walk-ins, please.
MEM-009-20

Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard is seeking an dynamic, proactive and
experienced Military Legislative Assistant to manage her work on the House
Armed Services Committee. This position includes a portfolio of national
security, foreign affairs, veterans affairs, and intelligence issues.
Responsibilities include managing the Congressman’s committee and
subcommittee priorities, liaising with committee staff, drafting hearing
questions and statements, developing legislation, monitoring activity on
assigned issues, advising and representing the Congresswoman, and building
relationships with constituent groups and advocacy organizations.
Requirements include a strong understanding of national security and foreign
policy, familiarity with the NDAA process, and a minimum of two years of
substantive legislative or related experience. This is not an entry level position
in a fast-paced office and requires dedication, close attention to detail and the
ability to think outside the box. Non-traditional work hours, and Hill
experience are required. Hawaii ties are ideal, veteran applications are
welcome!
No calls or drop ins, qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume and
writing samples to: hi02jobs@gmail.com

MEM-006-20

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a detailoriented communications professional to serve as Deputy Press Secretary.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, a proactive team player, and
able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
Responsibilities include assisting with press releases, statements, talking
points, and other key press documents; monitoring press coverage; building
and maintaining relationships with key local and regional reporters; monitor
the press inbox and phone line for media inquiries; manage press for multiple
subcommittees; Compile and distribute local and national press clips;
Conduct extensive research; Create and maintain press lists; Maintain
archives on multiple subject matters; and other duties as assigned.
•A minimum of two years of media relations and/or social media coordination
Page 6 of 10

experience.
•A Bachelor’s degree in Journalism, English, Public Relations, or a closely
related field preferred.
•A strong ability to research and analyze information.
•A strong ability to perform multiple tasks accurately and efficiently in a fastpaced environment.
•Previous Hill experience a plus.
This position reports directly to the Communications Director. Candidates
should submit a cover letter and resume with the subject line “Deputy Press
Secretary” to Oversightpress@mail.house.gov. Applications will be accepted
until the position is filled. Please, no drop-by applications or phone calls.
MEM-004-20

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced, creative and highly motivated Digital Strategist for her
Washington, D.C. office.
Reporting to the Communications Director, the Digital Strategist is
responsible for creating original and creative content (including, but not
limited to, videos and graphics) and managing the Congresswoman’s social
media channels to further communicate and elevate her agenda and
accomplishments.
The ideal candidate will have:
•Social media, graphic design, and video production experience in a
legislative office, campaign, political organization or progressive advocacy
group;
•Fluency with social media platforms and a nuanced understanding of the
current social media landscape and trends;
•Excellent organization and time management skills necessary to work in a
fast-paced environment that requires rapid response;
•Strong writing skills and attention to detail;
•A passion for storytelling and social justice.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting daily digital content for highly active social media channels;
•Editing and producing videos for social platforms and designing visual
graphics;
•Tracking social media performance and providing analysis of trends and
opportunities for future growth;
•Updating and managing the Congresswoman’s official website; and
•Coordinating the creation and distribution of an e-newsletter.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.

Page 7 of 10

Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
two writing samples, two graphic design samples, three references, and links
to either a reel or samples of video work.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Digital
Strategist” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-669-19

The Office of Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) is looking to fill a
vacancy for the position of District Director. The District Director will lead a
dynamic district team, based in Waterbury, Connecticut.
SUMMARY:
The District Director oversees all operations across the district. This includes
developing and implementing strategies and operating plans for the
Congresswoman’s District Office (DO). The individual will create a
comprehensive outreach strategy to stay in constant touch with constituents
and key community leaders, and oversee a results-focused, customer serviceoriented casework operation. The District Director manages activities and DO
staff to ensure an aggressive and representative schedule for the
Congresswoman’s time in district, and identifies, completes, and monitors
district-based projects as assigned.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based
on race, religion, ethnic origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification or family
status. Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
CT05jobs@mail.house.gov.
ESSENTIAL JOB ROLES:
o Supervisor: At its core this position requires effective management of staff
to maximize performance for constituents and the Congresswoman.
o Project Manager: Look for projects beneficial to the district with a federal
nexus where office involvement would facilitate progress. Work with DC and
DO staff to ensure the Congresswoman receives timely updates on projects
and productively contribute to the conclusion of projects. Work with
stakeholders, including local and state governments, nonprofits, and private
industry, along with grant-making institutions and federal entities, to move
projects toward success.
o Intelligence Gatherer & Distributor: Through outreach, media monitoring,
and intelligence collection from district staff, key contacts throughout district
and state, and at events throughout district and state, understand constituent
(and constituency) priorities, concerns, and outlook, then share with District
Page 8 of 10

Staff, DC Staff, and Congresswoman.
o Surrogate: Represent the Congresswoman, or assign appropriate staff
representatives, at events or meetings as needed.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
o Experience engaging in diverse communities and effectively managing staff
in an office environment;
o Bachelor’s degree in the political science or related field, including strong
academic credentials;
o 5 to 10 years of related experience in management public service,
legislation or equivalent similar experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
o Maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
o Ability to work a flexible schedule with frequent in-district travel, including
long hours, nights and weekends;
o Have impeccable judgment, character & gravitas to represent the
Congresswoman to constituents or leaders in the community;
o Ability to see the big picture and plan in a proactive way, while ensuring
day-to-day operations are tightly and efficiently run;
o Organization, supervisory leadership and motivation to manage district
team;
o Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a firm,
tactful, pleasant, patient, and professional manner;
o Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others from diverse
backgrounds;
o Ability to work well under pressure and handle stress;
o Excellent oral and written communication skills;
o Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, House Rules, and local,
state and federal agencies and departments;
o Understand the district and federal political landscape.
MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill,
as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of
relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements
and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Page 9 of 10

Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.
MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible
schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 10 of 10

