House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 6, 2016

MEM-164-16

New England Democrat and member of the House Veterans’ Affairs
Committee seeks legislative assistant for Washington office. Applicants
should possess excellent writing skills, energy, enthusiasm, attention to detail,
the ability to work in a fast-paced team environment, and a good sense of
humor. Legislative portfolio includes, but is not limited to, work on Veterans’
Affairs Committee issues, healthcare, and defense. Previous experience in
veterans or health care policy is required. Responsibilities include developing
proactive legislative initiatives, tracking legislation, drafting correspondence
and statements, and representing the Member in meetings. New England ties
preferred and veterans strongly encouraged to apply. Applicants should send
cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-163-16

Democratic House committee seeks experienced, self-motivated and creative
individual to serve as Press Secretary. Candidate must possess excellent
writing and speaking skills and have the ability to operate quickly and
efficiently in a fast-paced environment under tight deadlines. S/he must be
Page 1 of 6

able to work collaboratively with a large and diverse staff. Responsibilities
include coordinating media relations efforts with print, digital, and broadcast
outlets; drafting press releases and other materials; and otherwise supporting
an active and energetic press shop. Experience in web management and social
media required. Ideal candidates will have an excellent knowledge of
minority press. Previous communications experience on the Hill is required.
Minorities and women are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to fscdemresumes@mail.house.gov with “Press Secretary” in the
subject line. Applications received after June 10, 2016 will not be considered.
No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
MEM-162-16

Congresswoman Dina Titus of Nevada seeks a Veteran Affairs
Caseworker/Field Representative for her Las Vegas District Office.
Successful candidates will have previous experience in social work,
familiarity with federal agencies, excellent written and oral communication
skills, be team-oriented, and comfortable working both independently and as
part of a team. Strong knowledge or connection with Nevada’s First
Congressional District is a plus. Availability for evening and weekend
assignments is required. Interested candidates should send their resume and
cover letter to Mike.Naft@mail.house.gov. Please write “Caseworker” in the
subject line of your email message.

MEM-161-16

California Democrat is seeking a highly organized, hard-working executive
assistant/scheduler to develop and maintain Member’s official schedule both
short and long term, and to organize domestic and international travel
logistics. This position also works closely with the chief of staff on
administrative duties.
A successful candidate will have excellent written and oral communications
skills and attention to detail, exhibit good judgement, efficiently problem
solve, possess a positive attitude, work well in a team environment, and have
a good sense of humor. Previous scheduling experience preferred. Office is an
equal opportunity employer. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and writing sample
cademocrat.scheduler@gmail.com.

MEM-159-16

Southern Republican Congressman is seeking a Scheduler to serve in the
Washington, DC office.
Ideal candidate will be high energy, organized, proven multi-tasker, detailoriented, possess strong verbal and written communication skills and be a fast
learner and problem solver. Individual must excel at balancing competing
demands in a fast-paced environment maintaining close attention to detail and
maintain a positive attitude.
Page 2 of 6

Responsibilities include managing Members schedule including organizing
and tracking invitations, meetings, committee schedule, speaking
engagements, member travel scheduling requests and managing day to day
schedule and logistics. Additional responsibilities include assisting the chief
of staff with administrative functions. Tennessee ties are preferred.
Please email resumes to: Erin.Hass@mail.house.gov.
MEM-157-16

Senior Democratic Member seeks an energetic, detail-oriented individual with
excellent oral and written communication skills for the position of Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent in his busy Washington office. Daily
tasks include greeting visitors, processing flag and tour requests, training and
supervising interns, and providing support to the congressman and legislative
staff. Legislative Correspondent responsibilities include management of an
active constituent correspondence program, which includes monitoring the
flow of incoming and outgoing mail and responding to mail and email in both
form and individual letters in a timely manner. Candidates should have
excellent writing, editing and multi-tasking skills, possess patience and a good
sense of humor, strong communication skills, sharp attention to detail, the
ability to work well with others, and good time management skills.
Experience with the Intranet Quorum database and Microsoft Office desired.
Knowledge of or ties to Georgia are a plus but not required. Please send
resume and cover letter to COStoCHJ@gmail.com. Please absolutely no
phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-154-16

Southern Democratic Member seeking a Military Legislative Assistant
(MLA). This is not a senior position. It is important that the MLA have
experience with military or a strong military background, familiarity with the
NDAA, overall budgeting, and the ability to track major acquisition and
RDT&E programs. Additionally, prior legislative experience with the Defense
Authorization and Appropriations Process is preferred. An ability to multitask
and work under tight deadlines is necessary. Georgia ties are helpful.
Candidates that can engage in creative policy-making are encouraged to
apply. Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume to
costochj@gmail.com.

MEM-153-16

Southern Democratic Office seeks a scheduler/office manager. The staffer
will maintain the Member’s official schedule, travel plans, and related
records. Brief the Member on scheduling activities in Washington and present
proposed meetings to Chief of Staff and Member for input. Coordinates the
scheduling of press, interview, radio, and television with the Communications
Director. This is not an entry-level position. Metropolitan Atlanta-ties a plus.
Please send inquiries to COStoCHJ@gmail.com.

Page 3 of 6

MEM-152-16

The House Committee on Science, Space and Technology (Majority) is
seeking experienced candidates for the position of Communications
Director. The successful candidate will be a strong writer who can
communicate public policy on a District, state and national level and can
operate in a fast-moving, high pressure environment. Candidate will be
responsible for managing committee press team and coordinating with
professional staff, as well as working with press secretaries in Committee
Members’ personal offices. Qualified candidates must be able to draft op-eds
and press releases, and proactively work with the local and national media.
All candidates must have at least three years of professional experience.
Please submit a resume and writing sample to
house.science.committee@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins,
please.

MEM-151-16

Florida Progressive Democrat seeks Legislative Correspondent with
excellent writing, research, and communications skills as well as the ability to
work in a fast-paced team environment. The ideal candidate will have a sense
of humor, be a detail-oriented self-starter who is willing to take on additional
tasks as assigned. Candidate should have a least 1 year of related Capitol Hill
experience, a car and driver’s license, and have familiarity with IQ constituent
management system. Florida ties and Spanish speaker are a plus. Please send
resume, cover letter including salary requirement, references, and two
independently written examples of legislative correspondence to
FL09job@gmail.com. No emails, calls or drop by please.

MEM-150-16

The Committee on Ethics seeks an experienced office administrator to serve
as the Director of Administration for the Committee. The Director of
Administration will oversee the Committee’s administrative functions and
will manage a nonpartisan administrative staff who are responsible for
ensuring the efficient operation of the Committee’s work. This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress
equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess a minimum of 5 years of experience with government administrative
process, outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, and
the sound judgment. Experience in one or more of the following areas is also
desirable: accounting, office administration, and familiarity with Congress.
Previous management experience preferred. Salary commensurate with
experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and a list of references to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Director of
Administration” in the subject line.

MEM- 149-16

The Committee on Ethics seeks an experienced attorney for an investigative
counsel position. The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for
conducting investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings
regarding Members and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a
nonpartisan position which requires the ability to conduct impartial
investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
Page 4 of 6

possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise
before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is
desirable: government ethics, criminal law, civil litigation, administrative
investigations and adjudications, depositions, and financial accounting. Salary
commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short
writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase
“Investigative Counsel” in the subject line.
MEM-145-16

Indiana Republican Rep. Luke Messer seeks full-time press assistant/staff
assistant in the Washington, D.C. office. The ideal candidate will have
experience or education in digital media, new media or journalism. Strong
writing skills are a must, and an ability to boil down complex issues into
easily understandable social media content is ideal. The press assistant/staff
assistant must be a self-starter with the ability to learn and grow in a fastpaced environment. The press assistant/staff assistant will be responsible for
press clips, daily social media posts, assisting the communications director
with press releases and press inquiries, answering phones, giving tours, and
interacting with constituents. Experience creating graphics and editing video
is not required, but an ability and interest in learning to do both is a must.
Resumes and cover letters can be sent to press.messer@mail.house.gov.

MEM-144-16

Pacific Northwest Democrat seeks Legislative Correspondent/Press
Assistant for Washington, D.C. office. Primary responsibilities include
managing the office mail program and ensuring that constituent
correspondence is responded to in a timely manner. The Legislative
Correspondent/Press Assistant will also assist the Communications Director
with press-related materials, research, daily news clips, and media tracking.
Strong, proven writing skills a must; previous Capitol Hill experience,
familiarity with Intranet Quorum software, and ties to the Pacific Northwest
strongly preferred. Please send resume, cover letter, and two independently
written examples of legislative correspondence on topic of applicant’s choice
to heck.resumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop-bys please.

MEM-143-16

Congresswoman Anna G. Eshoo (CA-18) seeks a Communications Director
to handle all media matters. Duties include long-term planning, working with
local and national reporters, producers, and bookers, as well as conducting
proactive media outreach, managing online communications, and drafting
press releases, op-eds, and speeches. The position requires a close partnership
with legislative and district staff, attention to detail, and the ability to work
well under pressure.
The Communications Director also oversees an active social media, online
operation, and email communications program. The position requires
excellent organizational skills, understanding of message development, sound
Page 5 of 6

judgement, a positive attitude and the ability to work well in a team
environment. Hill experience preferred. This is not an entry level position.
Email cover letter, resume, references, and two writing samples to
ca18resumes@gmail.com. NO CALLS OR DROP BYS PLEASE.

Page 6 of 6

