________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 4, 2021

MEM-399-21

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-53) is seeking a full-time Digital
Manager/Press Secretary based in Washington, D.C.
The Digital Manager will be responsible for executing the digital and
communications strategy alongside the Communications Director. The ideal
candidate will be a strong writer, a digital native, and fluent in both English and
Spanish. California ties are helpful; good judgment and common sense are a
must.
Responsibilities include:
Digital Responsibilities
•In consultation with the Chief of Staff and Communications Director,
developing and executing long-term and short-term digital plans; capturing and
developing the Congresswoman’s voice online.
•Creating and editing photo and video content, graphics, and other social media
assets, with special emphasis on maximizing hearings, bill drops, key votes, and
district work.
•Writing social media copy, monitoring social media inboxes, and coordinating
with other staff for responses as needed.
•Updating and maintaining social media channels and the official website.
Press and Media Responsibilities
•Working with the Communications Director to pitch outlets and reporters,
Page 1 of 21

develop and maintain press relationships, manage press account inbox, and
process incoming.
•Working with the Communications Director on first drafts of press releases and
statements.
•Working with the Communications Director and Scheduler to schedule
interviews.
•Staffing the Congresswoman at events in D.C. as needed and in accordance with
COVID-19 safety protocols.
•Working with the Chief of Staff, Communications Director, and Legislative
Director on drafting talking points and prep materials as needed for events and
interviews.
•Compiling and disseminating daily press clips.
Spanish-Language Press and Media Responsibilities
•Drafting Spanish-language press releases, website material, and op-eds, as
needed.
•Drafting Spanish-language social media as needed; creating and maintaining
Spanish-language social feed.
Interested applicants should send their resume, cover letter, and a writing sample
to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Digital Manager
53” by Friday, October 8 at 6pm ET.
MEM-397-21

The Office of Congresswoman Angie Craig seeks an organized and motivated
self-starter to serve as Staff Assistant.
Responsibilities include logging phone calls, greeting visitors, managing front
office operations, handling tour and flag requests, drafting constituent
correspondence, maintaining inventories and receipts, and providing
administrative support to the team, and additional duties as assigned. This
position reports directly to the Director of Operations.
Candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills, attention
to detail, an ability to work under pressure, and a strong commitment to public
service. Previous Capitol Hill experience or Minnesota ties are a plus.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse
backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply please submit a resume and cover letter
to Repcraigresumebank@gmail.com with your name and “Staff Assistant
Application” in the subject line by Sunday, October 10th. No walk-ins or phone
calls please.

Page 2 of 21

MEM-396-21

SUMMARY
The Staff Assistant role performs vital tasks in a Member’s office. Staff
Assistants often provide the first impression of the Member office to constituents
and guests. The ideal candidate has a strong customer service orientation,
organizational skills, and can multitask.
ESSENTAIL JOB FUNCITONS REQUIRED:
•Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the
Member’s office to constituents and visitors.
•Handles all incoming calls with promptness, poise, and professionalism.
•Captures input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response.
•Ensures constituent casework is distributed to appropriate district staff in an
efficient manner.
•Ensures U.S. mail is received, recorded, and distributed to the appropriate staff
members.
•Any other tasks and special projects that may be assigned.
REQUIERMENTS:
•Proficient communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Ability to work with a team and provide keen attention to detail to support the
needs of multiple staff members and leaders in the office
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize and track work status
•Some familiarity with constituent service case life cycle
PREFRENCES:
•Bachelor’s degree in government, political science, public policy, or related field
•Ties to the district are strongly preferred
•Prior constituent service or customer relationship management preferred
•A demonstrated interest in public service
Interested candidates should submit a resume to md07resumes@mail.house.gov

MEM-395-21

The Office of Congressional Ethics, an independent, non-partisan investigative
entity within the United States House of Representatives, seeks an experienced
and highly qualified Director of Operations. The Director of Operations reports
to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel. The successful candidate will be
responsible for maintaining the office’s overall efficient operation.
Core Responsibilities:
• Assume lead in maintaining office to include oversight of administrative
operations and office budget;
• Procure and maintain equipment and other resources for the office;
• Monitor all personnel matters and ensure that office policies and procedures are
followed;
• Maintain office accounts and payroll accounts in accordance with the
Page 3 of 21

regulations
of the House;
• Provide administrative support to the OCE staff and the Board of the Office in
the connection with their official duties;
• Support investigative staff with routine case-related tasks; and
• Manage citizen outreach.
Qualifications:
• Extensive office management experience (minimum three years);
• Ability to manage multiple tasks and projects and to work well under pressure;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment;
• Proficiency in word processing, development and use of spreadsheets, data
management systems, and other computer skills;
• Proficiency using House budget, payroll, and voucher software;
• Strong organizational, budgeting, correspondence management, and filing
skills; and
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful
and professional manner.
Duties:
• Administer office policies and procedures;
• Manage the administrative budget for the office;
• Interface with appropriate House offices regarding payroll and all office
accounts, including travel accounts;
• Maintain all office records and files, including payroll, administrative files and
personnel records;
• Maintain all case files and documents gathered in the course of investigations
by the office;
• Intake information from citizens and organizations concerning investigations by
the office;
• Provide administrative support to Board meetings including scheduling, Board
member travel, materials, and taking and preparing minutes;
• Ensure Board members and staff are up-to-date with personnel and training
requirements and facilitate their completion;
• Manage contracts with consultants and other third parties;
• Make travel arrangements for Board members and staff;
• Responsibility for layout of office furniture, equipment, telephones, and
computers, as well as creating a professional atmosphere in the office;
• Assist with office website maintenance;
• Support investigative staff with data processing and document preparation; and
• Performs other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
• Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret
Page 4 of 21

clearance;
• Knowledge of, and experience with, various information and office systems,
including word processing and spreadsheet applications, facsimile machines,
copiers, and phone systems; and,
• Proficiency using House budget, payroll, and voucher software.
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter and resume to OCEJobs@mail.house.gov, addressed to
Omar Ashmawy, Staff Director and Chief Counsel
MEM-394-21

Legislative Assistant – Rep. Tom Suozzi (D-NY), a member of the House
Committee on Ways and Means, seeks a legislative assistant who will be
responsible for handling a diverse array of policy areas including energy, the
environment, transportation, infrastructure, appropriations and other domestic
policy areas as assigned.
Responsibilities will include but are not limited to, drafting and advancing
legislation, hearing preparation, and writing statements. This is not an entry-level
position. Applicants should have prior and relevant legislative experience
working for a Member office or a committee, and a track record of delivering
legislative results.
Candidates must be a team player, organized, dependable, detailed oriented and
have strong oral, written and interpersonal communication skills. Advanced
degrees and ties to NY are a plus.
Interested candidates should submit a cover letter and resume
to ny03.resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-393-21

Florida Democratic House office seeks an organized and motivated self-starter to
serve in the position of Staff Assistant in the Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include managing front office operations, answering and logging
phone calls, greeting visitors, handling tour and flag requests, maintaining
inventories, providing administrative support to the Member, Chief of Staff, and
Scheduler, and additional duties as needed.
Candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills, attention
to detail, an ability to work under pressure, and a strong commitment to public
service. Previous Capitol Hill, customer service, or receptionist experience are
strongly preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Page 5 of 21

To apply: Please submit a resume, cover letter, and a 1-page writing sample in a
single PDF document to FL10.resume@mail.house.gov with “DC Staff
Assistant” and your full name in the subject line. No walk ins or phone calls,
please.
MEM-390-21

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – Congresswoman Teresa Leger
Fernández (NM-03) is seeking an experienced and self-motivated
Communications Director to manage the office’s press and communications
operations in her Washington, D.C. office.
This is not an entry-level position and previous political communications
experience, preferably on Capitol Hill, is required. Candidates must possess
strong writing skills, the ability to operate in a fast-paced office under deadlines,
and be able to work collaboratively with both the DC and district teams.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Managing the day-to-day press operations and outreach
•Handling interview requests
•Proactively pitching to media
•Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for events and interviews
•Drafting press releases, speeches, newsletters, mailers, talking points, and op-eds
•Developing and seeking out content for the digital/social media program
The Communications Director manages the Staff/Press Assistant. This senior
staff position reports to the Chief of Staff and the Congresswoman and works
closely with the entire senior staff team. Bilingual abilities in English/Spanish are
preferred. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities
and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. New Mexico ties are a plus.
Interested candidates should email their cover letter and resume in one attachment
to NM03.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Communications
Director.” No phone calls or walk-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-389-21

Seeking Legislative Counsel for House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime,
Terrorism, and Homeland Security
The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, and Homeland Security
seeks a hard-working lawyer with experience in criminal law (preferably with the
Federal Criminal Code) to serve as legislative counsel.

Page 6 of 21

Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Judiciary Committee on matters involving federal criminal law, criminal justice
reform, domestic terrorism, and firearms policy; drafting and reviewing
legislation; coordinating hearings and witnesses; preparing Members for hearings
and markups; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and providing
guidance to other offices within the Democratic Caucus on crime-related matters.
A strong background in criminal law is required, with knowledge of Department
of Justice issues, and criminal justice issues relating to prosecutions. Exceptional
writing skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work closely and
collaboratively with other congressional offices and advocacy organizations are
essential.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Crime Counsel” in the subject
line.
MEM-388-21

Bay Area Democrat seeks a highly organized and dedicated Legislative Counsel
to manage his work on the Judiciary Committee, as well as defense and foreign
policy portfolios.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to developing hearing memos and
staffing for hearings and markups; developing legislative proposals and strategy;
preparing memos, floor statements and remarks; and representing him in
meetings with constituents and outside groups.
This is not an entry-level position and previous Capitol Hill experience and JD is
required. Women, LGBTQ+, and/or other underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with California ties.
Please submit your resume, cover letter, two references, and one writing sample
to CAHouseJob@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-387-21

Senior Northeastern House Democrat seeks Press and Digital
Manager/Legislative Correspondent. This role will support all aspects of a
demanding communications operation, with responsibilities including but not
limited to drafting press materials such as releases, background memos, talking
points and op-eds; creating content for paid and organic social media on various
platforms; and maintaining the website.
Page 7 of 21

The press and digital manager/legislative correspondent will also execute the
office’s mail program, with assistance from Legislative Fellows, interns, and the
Staff Assistant.
The ideal candidate will have demonstrated interest and experience in
communications and Democratic politics, proficiency with a variety of graphic
design and video production tools; capability of meeting tight deadlines; strong
written and oral communications skills; and the ability to think creatively and
strategically.
Starting annual salary: $50,000. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two
professional writing samples and two digital content samples
to democratic.hilljob@gmail.com. Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer
committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment. Women, candidates of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.
MEM-386-21

Staff/Communications Assistant
Congressman Earl Blumenauer is seeking a Staff/Communications Assistant to
serve in his Washington, D.C. Office.
Communications responsibilities include compiling press clips, preparing
graphics, video production, drafting press releases and newsletters, drafting
constituent correspondence, and other communication assignments as directed.
As staff assistant, this person will provide administrative support to the staff,
recruit and manage the office interns, greet visitors and answer phones when the
office reopens, and respond to constituent requests for services including tours
and flags. Additionally, they will assist both the Communications Director and
the Legislative Correspondence Manager with their duties.
The ideal candidate will be enthusiastic about communications work, detailoriented, an excellent writer, and comfortable in a fast-paced environment. Our
office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
People of color and people from underrepresented groups are strongly
encouraged to apply, as are candidates with Oregon ties.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to Resume.Blumenauer@mail.house.gov with “Staff/Communications Assistant”
in the subject line.

MEM-385-21

Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) seeks a full-time legislative assistant in
Washington, D.C.

Page 8 of 21

The legislative assistant will be responsible for important issues areas such as
taxes, budget, housing, financial services, and small business, among other issues,
in a fast-paced congressional office for a member of House Democratic
Leadership on the Ways and Means Committee, Budget Committee and Science,
Space and Technology Committee.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging, including drafting bills and amendments,
developing strategic plans to advance legislation through Congress, staffing
committee meetings, interacting with constituents, district stakeholders,
committee/leadership committee staff and federal agencies, and writing policy
briefing memos and talking points.
Candidates must have a self-starting personality, strong written and verbal
communication skills, a desire to continually learn and grow and an eagerness to
work on a team in a collaborative office environment. Previous work or interest
in community development, economic development and municipal finance is a
plus. This is not an entry-level position. A minimum three years of experience is
required. Michigan ties preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and a writing sample
to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-384-21

CA-44 Scheduler | Executive Assistant
Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced scheduler.
Main responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules for both DC and the District; organizing and evaluating all incoming
meeting requests and invitations; keeping the Member on schedule throughout the
day; working with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings; coordinating travel arrangements; processing and
managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member; and communicating
with constituents by phone and email to address requests, concerns, and
questions. Additional responsibilities include other administrative tasks.
Candidates should be highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task,
resourceful, team-oriented, and have a positive attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including
some weekend availability as needed.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Applicants should have previous scheduling
experience (at least one year in a similar position). Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Southern California | Los Angeles Metro area ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three references with
Page 9 of 21

“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-383-21

Congresswoman Katie Porter seeks a Legislative Assistant/Policy Adviser to
support her work on the Committee on Oversight and Reform and manage a
portfolio which includes: health care, tax, child care, social security, family leave,
and other issue areas as assigned by the office.
The ideal candidate must have 2-4 years of Hill or comparable advocacy
experience working on health care policy or issues relevant to the legislative
portfolio, familiarity with congressional process and procedure, and a
demonstrated ability to design and execute legislative projects. The ideal
candidate will have the creativity, drive, and confidence to propose original and
compelling oversight work, including drafting hearing questions, oversight
letters, and staff reports that resonate with our ideologically diverse constituents.
This is not an entry level position.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
•Producing oversight letters to agencies and private entities
•Maintaining ongoing investigations and composing staff reports
•Preparing and staffing the Member for committee hearings and markups
•Developing and advancing legislation and other policy priorities
•Representing the Member in meetings
•Building and maintaining positive relationships with congressional staff,
advocacy groups and key stakeholders (both DC and CA based)
•Drafting constituent correspondence and press materials
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.
To apply, send a resume and a short writing sample
to ResumesCA45@mail.house.gov with “Health Care Legislative Assistant” in
the subject line. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis with the final
deadline being Thursday, October 7, 2021.

MEM-379-21

The Office of Congresswoman Marilyn Strickland seeks an Operations
Manager for the Washington DC office.
Responsibilities include working with the Chief of Staff to maintain the
Member’s daily and long-term DC schedule; organizing and evaluating all DCbased meeting requests and invitations; keeping the Member on schedule

Page 10 of 21

throughout the day; and working with legislative and communications staff to
ensure the Member is prepared for events/meetings.
This position will also play an active role in office operations. This staffer will be
the office’s Financial Administrator and manage the day-to-day office finances,
including processing reimbursements, bills, and payroll. The Operations Manager
is the primary point of contact for House support offices and works with IT to
ensure that staff/interns are appropriately set up with technology. The staffer also
co-manages the DC Staff Assistant/Press Assistant and District-based Executive
Assistant, providing guidance on front office operations, the DC internship
program, and district scheduling.
Applicants must be highly organized, proactive, and able to work as part of a
team in a fast-paced environment. The ideal candidate is solutions oriented, has
customer service experience and prior scheduling or office administration
familiarity. This position requires availability outside of regular business hours.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. We strongly value the
diversity of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds
to apply.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and three references
to WA10Resumes@gmail.com using “Operations Manager” and their name in
the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-374-21

STAFF ASSISTANT:
This position is responsible for managing the front desk and all administrative
duties of the Oceanside office. The staff member in this role interacts regularly
with constituents and answers correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents. This staff member is located primarily in the Oceanside, CA office,
but may be required to travel on occasion to the Dana Point office.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Manages the front desk
*Collaborates with Dana Point Staff Assistant and Legislative Correspondent to
log all incoming mail and correspondence
*Tracks office supplies
*Assists with recruiting, interviewing, training and management of Oceanside
interns
*Oversees production and tracking of certificates and proclamations
*Manages the Congressional App Challenge program and other projects, as
assigned
*Screens phone calls and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district office
*Sorts incoming mail
Page 11 of 21

*Scans and sends invoices to DC office
*Logs all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework in IQ
*Maintains records of incoming grants, constituent recognition and thank you
letters
*Prepares material for the Weekly Report
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff, and
constituents
*Performs other duties as assigned
*Takes initiative to identify needs and takes action to complete tasks required
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong oral and written communication skills
*Familiarity with local, state, and federal agencies and departments
*Familiarity with all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is
involved
*Proficiency with word processing and spreadsheets
*Professional telephone manner
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner
*Ability to perform the essential job functions above
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply: Please send resume, cover letter, and three professional references
to: CA49.applications@mail.house.gov
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
MEM-373-21

The Office of Rep. Frederica S. Wilson seeks an experienced, creative, and techsavvy press secretary/digital director to join our communications team.
Responsibilities will include:
●Managing the member’s social media accounts, website, media lists,
newsletters, mailers, advertisements, communications schedule, and other
resources
●Compiling daily press clips, leading communications briefings, monitoring
analytic data
●Assisting in the development of materials intended for the media, such as press
releases, talking points, emails, advisories, pitches, media kits, and reports
Page 12 of 21

●Creating graphics, editing photos, and videos
●Planning and staffing virtual, DC- and district-based events such as press
conferences, tele-townhalls, and roundtables.
●Building relationships with local and national reporters
●Maximizing the member’s visibility through digital solutions
●Pitching innovative strategies to expand the Congresswoman’s reach on social
media and elsewhere
●Photographing the Congresswoman at press conferences and other events
●Managing press interns and fellows
The press secretary/digital director will work closely with the communications
director to implement an ambitious communications strategy. Candidates should
have strong writing and creative skills, strong editing and proofreading skills,
work well under pressure, and the availability to work long hours when
necessary.
The ideal candidate will have at least one year or one federal campaign cycle of
communications experience, including digital strategy, social media management,
content creation, editing of graphics, photos, and videos using software including
Adobe Creative Cloud. The candidate should have experience with Facebook
business manager, Google Ads, and digital analytics. This is not an entry level
position.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and with Florida ties are encouraged to
apply. Fluency in Spanish or Kreyòl is a plus. Please submit your resume, cover
letter, two writing samples, and a digital sample
to FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Press Secretary/Digital
Director” in the subject line.
MEM-371-21

The Office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson seeks an energetic,
motivated, and organized individual to serve as a staff assistant/legislative
correspondent.
Responsibilities will include managing front desk operations, driving the
member, managing constituent correspondence, coordinating tours, supervising
interns, greeting visitors, processing flag requests, and other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be a team player who excels in a fast-paced environment,
possesses excellent communication and organizational skills, and can handle
unforeseen events well. Applicants must have access to a car and a clean driving
record. The office will reimburse driving expenses using GSA's mileage
reimbursement rate.
Previous Capitol Hill experience, Florida ties, and familiarity with Intranet
Quorum are preferred, but not required. To apply, please submit a resume, a
writing sample, and a cover letter to FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include
“Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent” in the title. No calls, please.
Page 13 of 21

MEM-370-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks Counsel
to manage oversight and investigations on the education and labor team.
Responsibilities include organizing oversight hearings, writing investigative
reports and executing a complementary legislative and oversight strategy with
positive results. Qualified applicants must have a J.D. and relevant policy
experience with at least 3-5 years of experience conducting investigations.
Experience in education and labor policy is not a requirement, however preferred.
In addition, the applicant must have exceptional writing skills, strong attention to
detail, and the ability to juggle multiple projects.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, a writing sample (5-10 pages), a
writing sample describing an investigation the applicant would like to pursue, and
3 professional references. The second writing sample must include a hyperlink to
a current news item from any source (newspapers, blogs, or other websites) and
two paragraphs detailing why the Committee should investigate the issue
presented and the steps the applicant would take to begin an investigation.
Please submit all materials to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Counsel” in the
subject line. The salary range is $85K - $100K, commensurate with education
and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-368-21

Rural Oregon Republican Congressman seeks a driven and organized individual
to serve as a Field Representative/Caseworker in the Representative’s Eastern
Oregon district office. Ideal candidates will have excellent written and verbal
communication skills, impeccable time management skills, and an ability to meet
deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
Duties Include:
•Acts as the grass roots representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, verbal
communications with constituents, and acting as liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies. The individual will also engage with city, county, district, the
chamber of commerce, and other groups to form effective relationships with the
Member;
•Assesses casework for issues requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and/or Chief of Staff;
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information significant
to the office;
Page 14 of 21

•Prepares reports for the Congressman and Chief of Staff on district activities in
his or her assigned issue areas; and
•performs other duties as assigned.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume
to ResumesOR@mail.house.gov.
MEM-367-21

Congressman Mike Levin (D-CA) is seeking a legislative assistant for a policy
portfolio that includes energy, environment, and climate change issues. The
position covers his work on the House Natural Resources Committee and Select
Committee on the Climate Crisis. The portfolio will also include other policy
issues as needed.
This individual will work with the legislative director and chief of staff to
advance and execute the Congressman’s legislative agenda both on and off
committee. Responsibilities will include staffing the Congressman at hearings
and markups; developing and analyzing legislation and policy; drafting remarks,
hearing questions, talking points, and memos; maintaining strong relationships
with constituent and stakeholder groups; drafting letters to stakeholders, the
Administration, and other Members; and staffing the Congressman in meetings
and at other events.
Candidates should have experience working on environment policy issues, strong
written and verbal communications skills, a knowledge of House legislative
processes, and should work well on a team. District ties and prior legislative
experience in a House or Senate office are a plus.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-365-21

APPROPRIATIONS ASSOCIATE/COUNSEL: Rep. Marcy Kaptur seeks a
highly experienced and professional legislative staffer to handle a portfolio
including energy/environment (both in the personal office and as a liaison to her
appropriations subcommittee staff in her role as Chair), as well as transportation
and infrastructure.
Candidates must be familiar with the energy and environment portfolio, the
appropriations process, advancing legislation, analyzing and briefing on complex
policy issues, and drafting a wide array of written materials (including materials
for Committee and Floor activities).
Experience with Great Lakes issues, the Army Corps of Engineers, and the
Environmental Protection Agency is strongly encouraged. Strong written and
verbal communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to work collaboratively

Page 15 of 21

in a fast-paced environment are critical. A minimum of five years of relevant and
congressional experience is required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply. Applicants should email a resume, cover
letter, two writing sample, and references as individual files in PDF format
to Steve.Katich@mail.house.gov with “Appropriations Associate” in the subject
line. No phone calls, faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.
MEM-364-21

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Legislative Assistant for his
Washington D.C. office.
The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for drafting and monitoring
legislation, preparing materials for committee hearings and markups, representing
the Member in meetings/briefings, working with constituent organizations, and
performing other tasks as assigned.
The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of the legislative process,
excellent writing and communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to work
effectively in a fast-paced office.
Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to genleg2024@gmail.com

MEM-363-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff – Staff Assistant (District of Columbia)
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Democratic Staff has an
opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones; receiving
visitors at the front desk; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee
correspondence; receiving, tracking and processing large document productions;
providing administrative support for committee hearings, markups and meetings;
entering data and navigating databases with accuracy; and proofreading
documents and correspondence for style and typographical errors.
Applicants must have excellent organizational and time management skills; the
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; strong written and oral
communication skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Zoom and
WebEx web conferencing platforms; good judgment and discretion; and
flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects.
One year of prior Capitol Hill experience is strongly preferred. Candidates with
diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Please
send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Staff
Assistant” in the subject line.

Page 16 of 21

Please attach the resume and cover letter with the file name using the following
format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover
Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
MEM-362-21

Senior House Democratic Member of Foreign Affairs Committee seeks
legislative assistant to handle work on that committee and related issues.
In addition to a strong interest and experience in foreign policy issues and the
operations of U.S. foreign affairs agencies, the successful applicant will be
organized, possess excellent communication and time-management skills, the
ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Legislative and/or agency experience a strong plus, though not required. To
apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to foreignpolicyla@yahoo.com.

MEM-359-21

DISTRICT OFFICE STAFF ASSISTANT – Rep. Jimmy Panetta seeks a highly
motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic Staff Assistant in his Salinas,
California district office to greet visitors, answer the telephone, supervise the
district internship program, write congressional thank you notes, and respond to
constituent requests for general information and other inquiries.
This position maintains the front office and assists district office staff with
various administrative duties while interacting frequently with constituents. The
position also supports the Office’s outreach function.
The ideal candidate has strong writing, organizational, and interpersonal skills,
and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment. Bilingual Spanish/English is
required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation or gender identity or expression. Candidates can submit a
resume and cover letter to Susie.brusa@mail.house.gov.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Answers and screens telephone calls for the Congressman and other staff
members; maintains the office voice mail, and returns calls and/or directs
messages to appropriate district staff;
•Greets and screens visitors; maintains and monitors visitor sign-in sheet for
accuracy and complete information;
•Composes, prints and mails thank you notes from the Congressman to his
constituents;
•Assists people who have appointments with the Congressman or other staff
members and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the
Congressman's appointments are on time;
Page 17 of 21

•Works with the Congressional Interns;
•Responds to constituent requests for flags, tours and other information;
•Maintains literature regarding the District and House offices for distribution to
visitors;
•Signs for deliveries and forwards all materials sent to the office to appropriate
staff in a timely manner;
•Maintains an inventory of office supplies and assists in ordering office supplies;
maintains office equipment;
•Manages the office recycling program;
•Documents visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
•Performs general typing and administrative assignments;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff and
constituents;
•Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
•Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE:
•At least one year of customer service experience required.
•College-level study in Political Science or Government a plus.
•Bachelor degree preferred.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Spanish/English bilingual/biliterate required.
•Ability to communicate politely and professionally over the phone, face to face,
and in writing required. Each constituent needs to feel heard and represented.
•This is a customer service position. Good skills in this regard are mandatory.
•Desires to be part of a team.
•Must type proficiently.
•Rigorous attention to detail required. Ability to write in a grammatically correct
way and proofread effectively.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:
•Generally works in an administrative office environment on the phone and
computers.
•Occasionally will accompany the Congressman to events out of the office on
nights or weekends.

Page 18 of 21

MEM-356-21

This is a Missouri-based position. Applicants must be located or willing to
relocate to the greater Kansas City, Missouri region.
The Field Representative/Travel Aide for Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler
liaises with fellow Missourians to assist with carrying out her duties as a
government official. This individual also travels with her when she visits cities,
towns, and rural communities to meet with constituents.
YOU’RE GOOD AT:
•Listening to, talking with, and befriending strangers (some of whom won’t agree
with you).
•Traveling to unfamiliar places and driving safely.
•Problem solving issues completely new to you.
•Taking initiative when your boss isn’t watching.
•Occasionally working hours that fall outside the traditional workday.
•Collaborating with remote team members located hundreds of miles from you.
•Planning events and getting people to show up to said events.
•Communicating well verbally and through writing.
•Speaking in front of small groups.
•Operating basic computer programs.
A DAY IN THE LIFE:
•Attend community meetings, network with locally elected officials, and update
the Congresswoman on issues of importance within the service area.
•Travel with the Congresswoman as she visits with constituents at various events.
•Serve as an advocate for constituents and a conduit between them and the
Congresswoman while she works on their behalf in Washington, DC.
•Stop by local businesses to meet with the owners and employees, learn about
their products being sold, and connect them with federal resources.
•Contact a federal or state agency to learn about how a policy issue is being
implemented.
•Assist a local nonprofit with finding federal and state resources to solve an issue.
•Provide feedback to supervisors on concerns raised by constituents on issues of
the day.
•Handle meeting requests and serve in stead of the Congresswoman when she is
in DC.
•Spend time in the Harrisonville office taking calls, returning messages, and
filing reports.
WHAT YOU’LL NEED:
•Bachelor’s degree or equivalent professional experience.
•A current driver’s license, clean (or mostly clean) driving record, and
functioning vehicle.
•Interest, familiarity, or prior experience in the federal and/or state government.
•A passion for working with Missourians to help find solutions and resources for
them.
Page 19 of 21

Interested applicants should email their resumes
to Austin.Kramer@mail.house.gov.
MEM-354-21

House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight &
Investigations is seeking a Staff Director to work on oversight issues related to
the Committee’s broad jurisdiction for the Committee’s Democratic staff.
Areas of expertise under the Committee’s jurisdiction preferred, including
environment, energy, health, communications, consumer protection, and
cybersecurity. Background in Congressional investigations and oversight is
required.
The staff director will manage subcommittee staff and be responsible for:
developing an oversight and investigation plan; managing regular oversight
hearings; conducting investigations of governmental and non-governmental
entities; drafting official letters, memoranda, and investigative reports;
publicizing activities and investigative findings, and coordinating with the other
subcommittees of the full Committee.
Successful candidate will be detail-oriented and possess strong communication,
management and writing skills. Ten years of professional experience and J.D.
preferred but not required. Active security clearance and committee experience is
a plus. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Women, minorities, veterans and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at least two professional
references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line as “Oversight &
Investigations Subcommittee Staff Director.”

MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.

Page 20 of 21

Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 21 of 21

