________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 4, 2021

MEM-002-21

Economist for Democratic Staff of Congressional Committee – House Budget
Committee seeks an economist for public finance/macroeconomics portfolio. The
job requires strong skills in written and oral communication, policy analysis, and
quantitative analysis, as well as the ability to work effectively under tight
deadline.
Responsibilities include persuasive writing; monitoring and explaining economic
data; conceiving and executing Congressional hearings on big-picture fiscal and
economic issues; and working collaboratively with other analytical staff as needs
arise. The ideal candidate will have several years of relevant experience in
Congress, a federal agency (such as OMB, CBO, CEA, or Treasury), or a think
tank; familiarity with the legislative process; and an advanced degree in
economics or a related field.
Interested candidates can email a resume, cover letter, and a brief (3-4 pp.)
writing sample with subject line “economist position” to BudgetDemocrat.Jobs@mail.house.gov – no phone calls.

MEM-001-21

The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis in the U.S. House of
Representatives conducts investigations to ensure the nation’s response to the
coronavirus crisis is efficient, effective, and equitable.

Page 1 of 14

Chairman James E. Clyburn seeks to fill a Counsel or Professional Staff
position on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney or policy
professional with several years of investigative or litigation experience.
Responsibilities include leading investigations, conducting depositions and
transcribed interviews, preparing for hearings, and drafting reports.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel / Professional Staff” in the subject line.
MEM-337-20

Constituent Services Representative, Stafford — The Office of Congressman
Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking a Constituent Services Representative to serve
as a liaison with federal, state, and/or local agencies and constituent groups,
answer casework correspondence, communicate and meet with constituents, and
execute district outreach on behalf of the Member.
This position is located in our Stafford District Office but requires travel
throughout the Stafford Region for events and meetings. The ideal candidate
needs to be self-motivated, work cooperatively and courteously with others, and
possess a drive to get things done. Interested applicants should email a cover
letter and resume to Joe.Schumacher@mail.house.gov with “Stafford Constituent
Services Representative” in the subject line.
Job Description:
CONSTITUENT SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE
OFFICE of CONGRESSMAN ROB WITTMAN
SUMMARY:
This position serves as a constituent services representative for the Member
within the Stafford region to constituent groups and associations and acts on
behalf of Rep. Wittman’s constituents. Acts as a liaison with federal, state, and/or
local agencies for the Member and constituent groups, answers casework
correspondence, communicates and meets with constituents, executes district
outreach plan.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Meets with elected officials and representatives, local groups, and constituents
on behalf of the Member;
*Travels throughout the assigned localities to keep abreast of local concerns
holding regular open office hours in selected localities and sends out press
releases announcing the scheduled visits;
Page 2 of 14

*Proactively seeks opportunities to develop community outreach relationships on
behalf of the Member;
*Works closely with the communications department to implement planned
outreach events and to suggest new ideas for such events;
*Staffs the Member at events in the Stafford Region;
*Represents or speaks on behalf of the Member at events the Member is unable to
attend;
*Refers scheduling items to scheduler in Washington through office scheduling
process; suggests scheduling opportunities and advises on scheduling items in
geographic areas of responsibility;
*Stays abreast of local news and issues and communicates those issues to the
Congressman, Chief of Staff, and key staff in Washington;
*Monitors and updates the Member, Chief of Staff, and District Director on
district and local issues;
*Works with communications shop to identify and build contact lists of key
constituents and organizations in district;
*Responds to casework inquiries from constituents; Monitors casework for
problems requiring legislative action or communications messaging trends;
*Supervises interns with regard to legislative issues and constituent responses;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and
constituents;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A bachelor’s degree or higher education level is preferred, including strong
academic credentials. Some period of related experience or training in legislation
or equivalent is beneficial.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications; and
*Proficiency in word processing.
MEM-335-20

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives.

Page 3 of 14

Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks to fill an Environment Counsel or
Professional Staff Member position on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate
will be an attorney or policy professional with several years of investigative or
litigation experience working on environmental issues, or with environmental
regulatory agencies.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are
strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail,
work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Environment” in the subject line.
MEM-334-20

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives.
Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks to fill a Counsel position on the
Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of
investigative or litigation experience.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-333-20

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing
financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume of financial
disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress and their staff
through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral
communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the
sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of
the following areas is desirable: government ethics, ethics counseling,

Page 4 of 14

accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation, corporate finance, and
securities law. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-331-20

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for an investigative counsel position.
The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members
and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position
which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from
political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas
is desirable: government ethics; campaign finance; criminal law; employment
law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil
litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and
financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel”
in the subject line.

MEM-330-20

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff, seeks a Legislative
Assistant/Junior Professional Staff Member for the Health Subcommittee to
work with the subcommittee staff on issues throughout the subcommittee’s health
finance and public health jurisdiction. This is not an entry level position.
Responsibilities including drafting memos and preparing background materials
for Members and staff, assisting other Health Subcommittee staff in preparation
for hearings and markups, drafting letters, and conducting background research in
order to support staff in the drafting of legislation and oversight efforts.
Qualified candidates must have at least 3 years of health policy-related
experience and be knowledgeable in health finance issues related to Medicare,
Medicaid, and the Affordable Care Act, as well as public health issues related to
the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC), and other public health agencies.
Qualified candidates should also have a strong understanding of the Committee
process and procedures of the House of Representatives and an ability to perform
Page 5 of 14

under short timelines and in a high-pressure environment while juggling
competing priorities. Excellent writing and analytical skills are required.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Please submit a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and at least two
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line
Legislative Assistant / Junior PSM Candidate.
MEM-327-20

DC Scheduler - California Democrat seeks a highly-organized and detailoriented Scheduler for Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include managing and maintaining the Congressman’s DC
schedule, coordinating travel, handling front office duties, and assisting with
office administration.
Qualified candidates should be hard working, possess excellent oral and written
communications skills, the ability to multi-task and meet deadlines, and have a
positive attitude. Previous scheduling experience preferred. California ties a plus.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should send cover letter, resume, and references
to: CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.

MEM-326-20

Chairwoman of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks
professional staff member for the Committee’s Space and Aeronautics
Subcommittee.
Duties include staffing hearings; preparing memos, statements, and speeches;
outreach to stakeholder groups; and drafting legislation and conducting oversight.
Applicant should have familiarity and experience with space policy issues.
Applicant should possess strong writing, organizational, and communications
skills, including the ability to articulate technical and policy issues clearly and
concisely; the ability to be responsive to and work with Members of the
Committee; and the ability to meet tight deadlines. The ideal candidate will have
congressional and/or relevant government or industry experience.
No calls or drop-ins please.
This is not an entry-level position. Please send a resume and cover letter
to SciResumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line SPACE.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. In addition, we are
committed to and benefit from a diverse staff and candidates of all backgrounds.
Page 6 of 14

This position will close on January 8, 2021
MEM-325-20

Chairwoman of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks
senior professional staff member for the Committee’s Environment
Subcommittee.
Duties include staffing hearings; preparing memos, statements, and speeches;
outreach to stakeholder groups; and drafting legislation and conducting oversight.
Applicant should have familiarity and experience with environmental policy
issues.
The Subcommittee jurisdiction includes environmental research and standards;
environmental research and development programs at the Environmental
Protection Agency; climate change research and development; and activities and
programs related to weather and weather services, climate, satellites, and oceanic
and atmospheric research at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration. Knowledge of the programs and activities within the
Subcommittee’s jurisdiction is desirable.
Applicant should possess strong writing, organizational, and communications
skills, including the ability to articulate technical and policy issues clearly and
concisely; the ability to be responsive to and work with Members of the
Committee; and the ability to meet tight deadlines. The ideal candidate will have
congressional and/or relevant government or industry experience.
No calls or drop-ins please. This is not an entry-level position and prior Hill
experience is strongly preferred. Please send a resume and cover letter
to SciResumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line ENVIRONMENT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. In addition, we are
committed to and benefit from a diverse staff and candidates of all backgrounds.
This position will close January 8, 2021.

MEM-322-20

The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a
Press/Digital Assistant.
The ideal candidate is an excellent writer, works well in a team, has a keen
attention to detail, and can meet tight deadlines under pressure. This position is
responsible for drafting social media copy, creating graphics, editing photos and
videos, drafting emails and newsletters, assisting with media monitoring, and
overseeing clips collection and distribution.

Page 7 of 14

This position may require work outside standard office hours. Rep. Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to spanbergerpressva07@gmail.com. We also recommend applicants submit 1-2
sample writing samples or sample graphics/videos.
MEM-321-20

Fast-paced Committee office seeks an eager and energetic majority clerk.
Applicant should possess strong organizational and communication skills;
proofreading, editing, and writing ability; and an exceptional attention to detail.
Ideal applicant will have previous Congressional experience, a working
knowledge of the legislative process, and familiarity with legislative documents
including the Congressional Record.
This is not a legislative-track position. To apply, send letter of interest and
resume to committeejobs@gmail.com
Duties include:
*Track bills and maintain bill files
*Markup organization, including amendment tracking and distribution; document
compilation and preparation; keeping minutes; and assembling and filing
legislative reports
*Ensure compliance with Committee’s required submissions to House Document
Repository for hearings, financial disclosures, and markups
*An understanding of Committee jurisdiction and ability to assist general counsel
and parliamentary team with bill referrals and reporting requirements
*Maintain official voting records and rosters
*Produce Committee legislative calendar and maintain official record of
Committee activity
*Compile and publish Compilations of Selected Acts in coordination with the
House Office of the Legislative Counsel
*Maintain Committee’s official letterhead, Franked envelopes and official
listings with the Clerk of the House and Government Publications Office
*Complete compilation and binding of Committee prints, hearings, reports, and
public laws and maintain Committee’s library
*Maintain, organize, and transmit official records at the end each Congress
Additionally, applicant should be proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe
Acrobat, and internet research using legislative resources.

MEM-320-20

District Representative for California’s 49th Congressional District

Page 8 of 14

Description: The staff member in this position acts as a liaison to federal, district,
and local agencies for the Member of Congress and constituents. The District
Representative is charged with helping constituents with casework and engaging
the Small Business community including planning meetings and events with the
Member of Congress. The person in this role is also responsible for building and
maintaining relationships with communities of color, diverse local stakeholder
groups, and other minority or historically underrepresented groups, including but
not limited to Black, Hispanic/Latino, and Asian American and Pacific Islander
communities.
Responsibilities: Handling constituent casework with the Internal Revenue
Service, Small Business Association, and additional agencies, as needed.
Planning and staffing in-district events, meetings, and site visits. Working closely
with the District Office and Washington, DC staff on local and assigned policy
issues and areas. Establishing relationships with local groups to include
attendance at key meetings and ensuring the office is tracking events and
functions to facilitate his attendance.
Qualifications: Successful applicants should have a thorough knowledge of
California’s 49th district, fluency in the Spanish language, a service-oriented
attitude, strong organizational skills, proficiency at prioritizing and managing
multiple projects at one time, a capacity to work both independently and as part
of a team, and strong written and oral communications
skills.
Preference may be given to residents of the 49th District. This office is an equal
opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our employees and encourage
candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply, including women, people of color,
and members of the LGBTQIA community.
To Apply: Please send resume, cover letter, three professional references, and
writing sample to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov
MEM-318-20

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks an attorney with 2-4 years experience to serve as Investigative Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of ethical standards of conduct by current Members, Officers and staff
of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director and Chief
Counsel on legal and policy matters.

Page 9 of 14

Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations and identify
facts requiring further investigation;
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases;
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broad legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE; and
•Prepare detailed reports containing investigative findings.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise, and persuasive manner;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity;
•Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis;
•Ability to:
oWork independently or as part of an investigative team;
oManage multiple tasks and projects;
oWork well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
oExercise discretion and independent judgment.
•Desirable but not required:
oInvestigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
oExperience with investigations involving public officials;
oExperience with campaign finance or ethics law;
oExperience writing public reports and legal documents;
oAccounting, finance, or data analytics experience; and
oAdvanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations.
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans;
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings;
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assessing the
likely sources of that information;
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media and physical evidence;
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects; and
•Performing other duties as assigned.

Page 10 of 14

Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter and resume (electronic submissions strongly preferred)
to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-312-20

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Staff Assistant for its
Washington, DC office.
The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate, friendly, and has noteworthy
experience. Responsibilities include greeting and screening visitors; responding
to constituent requests for information; maintaining handout literature regarding
the district and the House; hosting Capitol tours; and performing general
administrative duties, including answering the telephone and answering
constituent requests for general information, tours, and other inquiries.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, men, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. Maryland ties are a plus. Due to COVID-19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov on a rolling basis but no later than
January 12, 2021. No phone calls, faxes, or emails.

MEM-311-20

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Legislative Correspondent
for its Washington, DC office.
The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate, friendly, and has noteworthy
experience. Responsibilities include providing research for and responding to
letters from constituents and other interested parties. The position requires an
incredible attention to detail.

Page 11 of 14

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Women, men, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. Maryland ties are a plus. Due to COVID-19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov on a rolling basis but no later than
January 12, 2021. No phone calls, faxes, or emails.
MEM-310-20

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Legislative Assistant for its
Washington, DC office.
The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate, friendly, and has noteworthy
experience. Responsibilities include tracking legislation, executive action,
administrative action, and other governmental developments; drafting constituent
correspondence for the Member; preparing for committee meetings and hearings;
answering constituent letters; and helping constituents with federal matters.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, men, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. Maryland ties are a plus. Due to COVID-19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov on a rolling basis but no later than
January 12, 2021. No phone calls, faxes, or emails.

MEM-302-20

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
Page 12 of 14

A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful. The ideal candidate will have significant
experience interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication
skills and a working knowledge or strong interest in the District of Columbia and
its local government. Candidate must possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be
willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.
MEM-206-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire a Research and
Data Analyst.
In this capacity the Analyst will be responsible for leading data and research
collection and analysis for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion. This individual
will lead the development of the required diversity report, maintain key metrics
and key performance indicators for the Office, and serve as a resource for
external and internal diversity best practices.
This individual will also serve as the project manager for any consultants and/or
contractors with whom the Office may engage to support the completion of the
diversity report and to develop relevant diversity and inclusion-based training, in
collaboration with the Congressional Staff Academy.
Key Responsibilities
• This staffer will assist in the translation of research findings into materials that
staff can effectively utilize in their engagements with Members and Member
offices.
• Provide research support on diversity and inclusion studies, techniques and
tools.
• Serve as project manager for the diversity report and, where necessary, direct
and coordinate activities of external consultants.
• Research and study best practices for retention and growth in House employing
offices.
• Lead data tracking and reporting with a focus on performance and results.
• Prepare regular updates and briefing documents on research that is relevant to
House employing offices.
• Assist with the development and delivery of training sessions and, as needed,
conduct presentations at professional conferences and meetings.
Master’s degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field; or equivalent
level of experience providing technical assistance, data collections and/or
research.

Page 13 of 14

• Must have knowledge and experience in diversity, equity, and inclusion
research efforts, ideally with a strong background in curriculum development.
Current working knowledge of coalition functioning, evaluation and research.
• Quantitative and qualitative evaluation and research skills.
• Expertise using relevant software.
• Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a diverse
team.
• Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on
assignment.
• Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
• Extensive computer skills, including data input.
Interested candidates should apply by following the instructions here:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/86?c=house
Candidates will be asked to upload a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

Page 14 of 14

