________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 25, 2022

MEM-393-22

Indiana Republican is seeking a Staff Assistant to join our Washington D.C.
office.
The successful candidate will work closely with the D.C. and district staff on a
variety of tasks including communications, legislative and administrative work.
Essential Duties:
•Answering constituent phone calls
•Overseeing internship program
•Greeting and escorting guests
•Coordinating and leading tours of the Capitol Building
•Sorting and drafting responses to constituent concerns
•Attending briefings/hearings and conducting research for staff
•Driving the Member to and from events
•Handling a variety of administrative and office tasks
Skills and Qualifications:
•Works a flexible schedule
•Excellent communication skills and strong attention to detail
•Indiana ties are required
Interested applicants should email a resume and writing sample
to MidwestHouseJobs@gmail.com with subject “LASTNAME, FIRSTNAME
Staff Assistant Application”.
Page 1 of 22

MEM-391-22

The office of Representative Sean Casten (D, IL-06) seeks a District Outreach
Coordinator for their Glen Ellyn, Illinois district office.
The District Outreach Coordinator supports the District Office by coordinating
the various community outreach activities for Representative Sean Casten.
Responsibilities include managing an outreach plan for the team, building
strategic relationships with community leaders and constituent groups, and
executing various outreach activities.
The starting salary for this position is $60,000.
Specific duties include but are not limited to:
• Organize, attend, and present at business, community, and neighborhood group
meetings.
• Oversee the District Staff Assistant’s managing of school education outreach
and the Casten STEM scholars’ program.
• Execute public events, meetings, town halls, informational listening sessions,
etc.
• Respond to public and community inquiries and brief staff on matters of public
interest and concern.
• Work with the Intern Coordinator to oversee the maintenance of a community
database of interested parties and issues.
• Coordinate initiatives designed to promote the office and constituent services
and any other assigned duties.
• Work with District Director to strategically staff Rep. Casten at
meetings/events.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES
• Knowledge and experience in working with diverse communities of Illinois’ 6th
Congressional District
• Exceptional interpersonal skills
• Strong writing and oral presentation skills
• Experience in facilitating public meetings and other public forums
• Exceptional organizational and planning skills.
• Available to attend evening and weekend community events and meetings.
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE Ties to IL-06, a proven management record,
and a minimum of three years of related experience are required. The position
reports directly to the District Director.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS S/he must hold a valid driver’s license to attend
community meetings and transport Rep. Casten when staffing.
Representative Casten’s Office is an affirmative action/equal opportunity
Page 2 of 22

employer dedicated to building a community of excellence, equity, and diversity.
It welcomes applications from women, underrepresented minorities, individuals
with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual minority groups and other candidates
who will lead and contribute to the diversification and enrichment of ideas and
perspectives.
To apply please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short statement of no more
than 300 words about why you’re a good fit for this role
to Constituent.ServicesIL06@mail.house.gov.
Subject Line: District Outreach Coordinator
MEM-388-22

District Staff Assistant
The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski seeks a Staff Assistant based in his
Somerville NJ Office location. The Staff Assistant will act as the first point of
contact for the front office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Greet and provide direction to visitors
•Track office inventory
•Process mail
•Oversee office internship program
•Field constituent phone calls
•Log incoming and outgoing correspondence
•Draft responses to constituent correspondence
•Staff the Member in meetings and at public events
•Process and schedule Capitol and White House tour requests
•Liaise with Congressman’s DC office staff
Candidates will have an outgoing and positive demeanor, be natural problem
solvers with meticulous attention to detail, can remain calm in high stakes
situations, and work well as part of a team.
A standard work week is 40 hours with some limited evening and weekend
availability required. Applicants must have access to a car. Starting salary for this
position is $50,000 annually. Healthcare and retirement benefits provided with 20
days paid vacation and 10 days paid sick leave annually. Recent graduates are
encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Veterans, LGBTQ individuals,
women, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, writing sample and three
references in a single PDF to NJ07Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject
line DO Staff Assistant.
Page 3 of 22

MEM-380-22

U.S. Representative Norma J. Torres (CA-35) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead an active, bilingual press operation for her
Washington, DC office.
Candidate must have experience pitching and placing stories in traditional and
digital media and booking the Member on national TV.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: maintaining relationships with
California, national, and international reporters; developing and implementing
weekly and long-term strategic communications plans; briefing and preparing the
Member for interviews; writing press releases, talking points, and speeches;
developing social media content; helping the Chief of Staff implement the
Franked communications plan; and assisting on other issues as needed.
The ideal candidate will thrive have strong oral and written communications
skills, thrive in a fast paced environment, and be a creative and strategic thinker.
This is not an entry level position and candidates must have previous pressrelated experience either on or off Capitol Hill. Fluency in Spanish is a big plus.
Salary commensurate with experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Interested candidates should send an email
to CA35.OfficeStaff@mail.house.gov with “Comms Director/Press Secretary” in
the subject line and include a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples.

MEM-379-22

Scheduler/Office Manager:
Rep. Norma J. Torres seeks an experienced Scheduler/Office Manager for her
Washington, D.C. office. Duties will include:
*Manage and maintain all aspects of the Member’s daily and long-term DC and
national schedule;
*Making all air travel and ground transportation arrangements to and from the
district and other locations;
*Responds to all incoming meeting and scheduling requests;
*Briefs the Member on all scheduling activities and requests of the Washington,
D.C. and district offices;
*Ensures that the Member has briefing materials for each event by coordinating
with event participants and the appropriate legislative and/or district staff;
*Coordinating the scheduling of press, interviews, radio and television time with
the communications team;
Page 4 of 22

*Submits vouchers for travel and expense reimbursement to the staff member
responsible for submitting office bills for payment;
*Work with other congressional offices, committee staff, leadership office, and
the Executive Branch agencies on events and scheduling requests;
*Assists with office operations, including orientation and training for new staff,
assisting departing employees, administering parking space assignments,
managing leave and time record for staff, scheduling of rooms for outside group
functions, maintaining emergency information for staff, ordering office supplies;
*Other duties as assigned;
This person will also serve the Congresswoman’s drivers; driver’s license, good
driving record, and access to a vehicle is required. Candidate must be highly
organized, detail oriented, work well under pressure, and an efficient self-starter.
Work may include some long hours, nights, and weekends.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume
to CA35.OfficeStaff@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin,
uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
MEM-366-22

Nebraska House Republican seeks a Staff Assistant to serve as support staff to
maintain the regular daily functions and operations of the official office.
SUMMARY
The primary responsibility of the staff assistant is to serve as support staff for the
operations team to maintain the regular daily functions and operations of the
Washington, DC office. This could include answering telephones, greeting
visitors to the office, assisting with appointments and scheduling, answering
constituent requests for general information, giving tours of the capitol,
monitoring deliveries, maintaining the front office, and assisting with other
various administrative duties.
Typical responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
•Answering and screening telephone calls for the Member and other staff
members.
•Greeting and screening visitors.
•Assisting individuals who have appointments with the Member or other staff
members.
•Maintaining handout literature regarding the state and Congress.
•Signing for deliveries and forwarding deliveries to appropriate staff members.
•Maintaining the office answering machine and tracking voicemails.
Page 5 of 22

•Ensuring that requests for assistance are directed to appropriate staff members.
•Maintaining the reception room.
•Maintaining the office guest book.
•Maintaining quick reference sheets of prominent VIPs and a list of frequently
requested contacts.
•Recording visitors’ opinions, names, addresses, and other relevant information.
•Helping to log mail.
•Performing general typing and administrative assignments.
Email to send resume: Qualified applicants should send a resume
to jobs@mikefloodfornebraska.com.
MEM-366-22

Nebraska House Republican seeks a Staff Assistant to serve as support staff to
maintain the regular daily functions and operations of the official office.
SUMMARY
The primary responsibility of the staff assistant is to serve as support staff for the
operations team to maintain the regular daily functions and operations of the
Washington, DC office. This could include answering telephones, greeting
visitors to the office, assisting with appointments and scheduling, answering
constituent requests for general information, giving tours of the capitol,
monitoring deliveries, maintaining the front office, and assisting with other
various administrative duties.
Typical responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
•Answering and screening telephone calls for the Member and other staff
members.
•Greeting and screening visitors.
•Assisting individuals who have appointments with the Member or other staff
members.
•Maintaining handout literature regarding the state and Congress.
•Signing for deliveries and forwarding deliveries to appropriate staff members.
•Maintaining the office answering machine and tracking voicemails.
•Ensuring that requests for assistance are directed to appropriate staff members.
•Maintaining the reception room.
•Maintaining the office guest book.
•Maintaining quick reference sheets of prominent VIPs and a list of frequently
requested contacts.
•Recording visitors’ opinions, names, addresses, and other relevant information.
•Helping to log mail.
•Performing general typing and administrative assignments.
Email to send resume: Qualified applicants should send a resume
to jobs@mikefloodfornebraska.com.

Page 6 of 22

MEM-365-22

Nebraska House Republican seeks an experienced Scheduler to maintain the
Member’s schedule and act as liaison/doorkeeper for the Member with staff,
public, and other officials.
SUMMARY
The primary responsibility of the Scheduler is to maintain the Member’s schedule
and act as liaison/doorkeeper for the Member with the staff, public, and other
officials. The Scheduler is part of the Operations Team and, along with the Staff
Assistant, reports to the Operations Director.
Typical responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
•In conjunction with the Operations Director, evaluating requests for meetings
with the Member and determining who shall meet with the Member and the
length of the meeting.
•Determining which meetings that have been requested with the Member can be
handled by a staff person and schedule such meetings.
•Making determinations about the Member’s responses to incoming phone calls
and meeting requests.
•Preparing and distributing copies of the Member’s daily schedule.
•Preparing detailed itineraries for the Member, including important telephone
numbers, locations, and contact names.
•Preparing projected schedules for the Member and key staff members.
•Briefing the Member on all scheduling activities of the Washington, DC and
state offices.
•Scheduling all staff meetings and briefings with the Member.
•Arranging photo opportunities and other similar events with constituents.
•Making reservations for the Member’s air travel, ground transportation, and
lodging.
•In conjunction with the Operations Director, determining the priority of matters
for the Member and key staff.
•Acting as liaison with the floor staff.
•Acting as the Member’s liaison with other Members, the White House,
committee staff and government offices in regards to scheduling future meetings
with the Member.
•In conjunction with the Operations Director and Chief, reviewing invitations and
requests received by the Member, determining which can be declined, and
directing that a letter declining the invitation or phone call be made in response,
or, if a VIP is involved, drafting correspondence or contacting the VIP to decline
the invitation.
•Providing the Member with briefing materials for each event and/or timely
notifying the appropriate personnel of upcoming events so they will prepare the
necessary background material on the issues that will be subject of the event.
•Organizing special events and projects for the Member.

Page 7 of 22

Applicants should be highly organized and have experience working on the hill or
for a high-profile individual, as well as an understanding of a typical
Congressional office's procedures and schedule.
Email to send resume to: Qualified applicants should submit a resume
to jobs@mikefloodfornebraska.com
MEM-364-22

The Office of Representative Mikie Sherrill is seeking an Outreach Assistant for
the NJ DISTRICT office.
This position is responsible for maintaining both Rep. Sherrill’s district schedule
and a comprehensive knowledge of all incoming requests. As outreach assistant,
the position provides administrative and outreach support to the district office. As
a member of a small cohesive team this position also provides exposure to a wide
variety of projects and issues.
RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE:
•Organize and maintain incoming requests from constituents, local organizations
and staff from District and Washington D.C. offices
•Monitor the district work period schedule of the Congresswoman and anticipate
logistical or detail needs
•Coordinate meeting, event scheduling and logistical planning (travel, locations,
etc.)
•Work with DC Scheduler and District Directors to effectively and efficiently
manage the Congresswoman’s time
•Support district team members in scheduling, event staffing, managing outreach
lists, letter writing
•Represent the Congresswoman and the District Office at local events
•Undertake projects as needed including research, progress reporting and
information gathering
Applicants must have a car and NJ driver’s license. Must possess strong written
and communication skills. This position requires travel throughout the district
and flexible hours, including some work on nights and weekends.
Women, minorities and LGBTQ+ persons are encouraged to apply. No calls or
drop-ins.
To apply please send resume, cover letter and references to NAME
at resumes.nj11@mail.house.gov with the subject line please put "OUTREACH
ASSISTANT APPLICATION"

MEM-363-22

Midwest Republican is seeking an experienced Press Secretary to join our
Washington D.C. office. The successful candidate will work closely with D.C.
and district staff to develop and execute a plan to inform constituents and the
media on the Member’s work.
Page 8 of 22

Essential Duties:
•Develop and implement communications strategy for the Member. This may
include but is not limited to press releases, mass-emailers, the monthly enewsletter, floor speeches, and op-eds
•Create graphics and videos
•Organize all press engagements (local, state, and national)
•Lead and maintain all website publications and social media activity
Skills and Qualifications:
•Works a flexible schedule
•Previous communications or relevant experience is required
•Hill experience is required
•Midwest ties are preferred, but not required
Interested applicants should send their resume and a writing sample with the
subject “First Name, Last Name - Press Secretary Application”
to midwesthousejobs@gmail.com
MEM-358-22

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a mid- to senior-level Legislative
Assistant for his Washington D.C. office. Hill experience in a legislative role or
comparable experience is required.
The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for handling a broad range of
domestic policy issues, including the member’s Science and Technology
Committee work. The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for drafting and
monitoring legislation, preparing materials for committee hearings and markups,
representing the Member in meetings/briefings, working with constituent
organizations, and performing other tasks as assigned.
The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of the legislative process,
excellent writing and communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to work
effectively in a fast-paced office. Press and communications experience is also a
plus, but not required.
Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to legislativeposition2022@gmail.com.

MEM-355-22

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT
OFFICE OF CONGRESSWOMAN AYANNA PRESSLEY
THE ROLE:
The Legislative Assistant manages a diverse portfolio of key issues for the office
including health care, and supports the Member on her assignment to the
Committee on Oversight and Reform. This role reports directly to the Legislative
Director.
Page 9 of 22

YOU:
Have experience working in public policy and advocacy and have demonstrated
experience advancing legislation, monitoring the House floor and conducting
research. You are committed to the progressive values of the office and enjoy
working in a fast-paced setting and engaging members of the community,
advocates and activists in our legislative work. You believe in shared power and
cooperative governing. You have a set of professional and lived experiences that
equip you well to serve the Massachusetts 7th and you believe that every person
has a contribution to make to our legislative agenda.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Draft legislation, conduct research, draft talking points, speeches, memos and
Congressional oversight letters in partnership with the Legislative Director
•Staff the Congresswoman on hearings, floor activity and events
•Work closely with the Legislative Director and Chief of Staff to effectively
communicate and advance key legislative priorities and accomplishments;
•Manage relationships with a large number of local, state and national advocates
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff,
advocates, and constituents;
•Works well under pressure, can manage multiple projects and in a team setting;
•Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Our office prioritizes building a diverse team committed to advocating for the
residents of the Massachusetts 7th. 2-5 years of policy, organizing, and/or
advocacy experience recommended. As a practice as an office we do not require
any pre-requisite degrees. Please expand on how your unique set of experiences
suits you to excel in this role in your cover letter. This is not an entry level
position.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
•Strong policy analysis skills;
•Knowledge of the legislative process, procedures and organization of the House;
•Demonstrated experience in advancing legislation and proposing solutions
through policy;
•Ability to exercise discretion and good judgment in the representation of the
Congresswoman's position on policy issues; and
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with colleagues, community
members, and advocates.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
Page 10 of 22

moderate; and
•Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
•COVID 19 precautions and remote work expectations can be discussed during
the interview process. COVID vaccination and one booster shot are required for
all full time staff.
•This role is based in Washington, D.C.
COMPENSATION:
The salary for the position is $75k, along with a competitive benefits package that
includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan payments (terms apply) and
16 weeks of paid FMLA.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please submit a single PDF with your resume, cover letter and 3 references
to ma7jobposting@gmail.com with the subject line “Legislative Assistant”.
MEM-353-22

New Jersey Staff Assistant /District Field Representative – The district office
of Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks a hard-working, organized individual to
serve as a Staff Assistant & District Field Representative.
This position primarily entails constituent casework and community outreach.
Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials,
representing the Congressman at community and governmental events, special
projects, as well as general office work.
Candidates should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and
must enjoy working with the public. Prior experience in government, the nonprofit sector, community and grassroots organizing is preferred. This position is
based in New Jersey. Applicants must have a valid driver license.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and references by
email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-352-22

Congresswoman Doris Matsui (D-CA-06) seeks a Legislative Assistant to focus
on a portfolio of energy, environment, and climate.
This position will handle the Congresswoman’s Energy and Commerce Energy
Subcommittee work and her role as co-chair of the House Sustainable Energy and
Environment Coalition (SEEC) and co-chair of the SEEC Nature and Oceans
Task Force. The portfolio will be focused on natural climate solutions, clean
energy, clean transportation, environmental justice, and energy equity policy; it
will also likely include women’s issues, immigration work, and potentially a few
other issues.
This is not an entry-level position. Hill experience is strongly preferred. The
office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
Page 11 of 22

race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority applicants are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com. Please use “Energy/Enviro LA” as the subject.
MEM-339-22

The Office of Congresswoman Norma Torres seeks an Office Assistant for her
Ontario, California district office to assist with maintaining day-to-day operations
of the office.
Primary responsibilities include:
•Overseeing the front office;
•Greeting and screening visitors;
•Overseeing District Internship Program;
•Assisting with the scheduling process;
•Acting as backup for travel logistics;
•Organizing travel in the district;
•Providing administrative and technical support for the office;
•Answering constituent calls and documenting visitor opinions on issues
communicated via telephone;
•Checking office voicemail as necessary;
•Ensuring that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member
in a timely manner;
•Performing general administrative assignments as needed, including, but not
limited to: submitting monthly franked mail reports, assisting with expense
reimbursements, and tracking supply needs.
•Performing other duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized,
knowledgeable about the local community, able to multitask, and have strong
interpersonal skills. In particular, candidates must demonstrate excellent “people
skills," a willingness to learn, attention to detail, and a commitment to their local
community and helping others. Spanish language fluency a plus.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume
to CA35.OfficeStaff@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin,
uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

Page 12 of 22

MEM-325-22

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Caseworker to join her team in
Waterbury, CT.
Ideal candidates will have prior knowledge of federal agencies; excellent written
and verbal communication skills; strong organizational and time management
skills; a positive attitude; and an ability to work under pressure and meet
deadlines in an fast-paced work environment. Bilingual applicants are preferred.
Duties include:
•Acting as the representative for the Congresswoman within their area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies, persons or groups for effective
relationships for the Congresswoman;
•Informing the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in
their assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
•Handling casework assignments and assesses casework for problems requiring
legislative action and makes recommendations to the District Director and Chief
of Staff;
•Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Congresswoman with constituents;
•Logging incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
•Preparing periodic reports for the Congresswoman and District Director on
pending cases and district activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
•Continually screening active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
•Maintaining up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested parties should e-mail a concise cover letter including salary
requirements and a resume to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following
subject line: Full Name - Caseworker. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-322-22

Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke (NY-09) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be adaptable, creative, dynamic, proactive, and
energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
Page 13 of 22

The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings. The ideal candidate
will be a strong writer with demonstrated political instincts and solid
relationships with the Capitol Hill press corps.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
Responsibilities include:
•Crafting the office’s communications strategy
•Acting as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Congresswoman
•Writing and/or editing talking points, op-eds, press statements, press releases,
social media, and weekly newsletters on behalf of the Congresswoman
•Working with the Capitol Hill press corps and non-political outlets to book
media appearances and pitch stories
•Overseeing the office’s mass communications/franking program, and working
with the Legislative Correspondent on the office’s mail program
•Overseeing the work of the Press Assistant
•Staying up to date on current events and legislation relevant to the
Congresswoman, her priorities, and her district
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
•New York City/Brooklyn ties are a plus.
•Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
•Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Page 14 of 22

Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to ny09resume@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-319-22

The Office of Rep. French Hill (AR02) seeks to fill the position of staff assistant
in the Washington D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
processing mail, greeting visitors, processing flag and tour requests, supporting
the staff’s day to day activities, and assisting with long term projects.
Ideal candidates will have:
-clear communication skills for verbal and written correspondence;
-a professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors
-ability to creatively problems solve in a fast-paced environment;
-time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status.
Arkansas ties are preferred.
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter
to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov, with the subject line ‘Staff Assistant’.

MEM-318-22

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.

Page 15 of 22

Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email cover letter and resume
with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-314-22

North Bay legislative office seeking District Scheduler/Office Manager.
Responsibilities include coordinating the Member’s California schedule by
making travel and meeting arrangements while anticipating and responding to
day-to-day developments; serving as the office's primary point of contact for
constituents, elected officials, and nonprofit and advocacy organizations seeking
meetings in the district; coordinating with staff (including field, legislative, and
press) to identify schedule priorities, and then working proactively to make shortand long-term decisions to implement plans; working directly with the District
Director and Member on logistics.
Also responsible for assisting the Capitol office and District Director on
maintaining financial and expense records, and with various administrative
duties, and managing special projects including the district internship program.
Opportunities for additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and
abilities. A successful candidate will be highly organized, detail oriented, possess
strong writing skills, have experience working in a fast-paced office, and the
ability to maintain a professional, flexible, and positive demeanor while
managing multiple and competing tasks and projects.
Please send cover letter and resume to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject like “CA02 District Scheduler/Office Manager.”

MEM-306-22

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks two attorneys, one with 2-4 years experience, and one with 5-10 years of
experience, to serve as Investigative Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.
The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.
Page 16 of 22

Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE
•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned

Page 17 of 22

Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-300-22

Congressman Mike Garcia (CA-25) seeks an experienced Scheduler.
Main responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules for both DC and the District; organizing and evaluating all incoming
meeting requests and invitations; keeping the Member on schedule throughout the
day; working with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings; coordinating travel arrangements; processing and
managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member; and communicating
with constituents by phone and email to address requests, concerns, and
questions.
Additional responsibilities include other administrative tasks.
Candidates should be highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task,
resourceful, team-oriented, and have a positive attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including
some weekend availability as needed.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Applicants should have previous scheduling
experience (at least one year in a similar position). Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume via email
to Charles.navarro@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler” in the subject line.

MEM-298-22

The office of Congresswoman Suzan DelBene (D-WA) seeks a dynamic press
assistant/staff assistant with strong digital media skills.
Press assistant tasks include sending daily clips, developing social media content,
drafting press materials, and assisting in other aspects of the team’s fast-paced
media operation. Strong writing skills with expertise and passion for digital
Page 18 of 22

media are required. Staff assistant duties include maintaining the front office,
overseeing tours and flag requests, and ensuring day-to-day operations run
smoothly. Hill experience and Washington state ties are a plus. If you have salary
requirements, please include them in your application.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Diverse candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. Please mention any Pacific Northwest ties in your cover letter.
To apply, please send your cover letter, resume, and two 1-2 page writing
samples or a digital portfolio to Washington.Resumes@mail.house.gov and put
“Press Assistant” in the subject line.
MEM-231-22

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-208-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks an experienced
Communications Director based in the DC office to develop and execute the

Page 19 of 22

Congressman’s communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and
Means, Armed Services, and Budget committees.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to Congressman Horsford and will supervise the work of
junior communications staff. They will be responsible for executing an
aggressive communications plan that generates positive local and national media
coverage, reaches diverse communities, and expands the Congressman’s reach to
new audiences.
Responsibilities include but is not limited to:
•Working with Congressman Horsford, the Chief of Staff, the Deputy Chief of
Staff, and the District Director to develop strategic messaging priorities.
•Managing all day-to-day external communications from the office, including
press releases, remarks, floor speeches, interview memos, newsletters, op-eds,
and social media.
•Proactively identifying opportunities to expand Congressman Horsford’s local
and national media profile and working closely with the Congressional Black
Caucus, the House Labor Caucus, and other affiliated caucuses on shared
priorities.
•Pitching stories to local and national press and planning press conferences, press
calls, and other press events.
•Developing a strategic plan and budget for all communications programs.
•Designing and implementing a creative digital communications program,
including both paid advertising and organic social media. The Communications
Director will also be responsible for keeping the Congressman’s website up-todate.
•Overseeing franked communications and a robust 499 program.
This is not an entry-level position, and candidates must have previous press
experience on or off Capitol Hill. Strong oral and written communications skills
are required. Prior experience managing franked communications is a plus.
The ideal candidate must be collaborative, creative, energetic, detail-oriented,
able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fastpaced and demanding setting.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 20 of 22

Experience with video editing and graphic design is also a plus and Nevada ties a
plus.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three writing samples, and three
professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-069-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks a Press Media
Secretary based in the DC office to work closely with the Communications
Director, based in the district office to develop and execute the Congressman’s
communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and Means, Armed
Services, and Budget committees.
The Press Media Secretary must be and stay up to date with the latest digital,
technical, and social media trends. Able to express the Congressman's voice
creatively and promote social media presence, ensuring high web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines. This position serves as a
part of the Communications team and reports directly to the Director of
Communications based in the district, however, this person will be the main point
of contact in the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
• Acts as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Managing the Congressman’s social media platforms, developing a weekly
content calendar, and drafting rapid response content during breaking news
moments.
• Maintaining the Congressman’s website and drafting new website content
covering key policy issues.
• Preparing daily press clip summaries and monitoring the Congressman’s media
mentions.
• Writing a weekly newsletter, creating digital ads, and participating in other
efforts to keep constituents of Nevada’s Fourth District informed about the work
of a busy Congressional office.
• Helping to plan and staff communications-focused events for the Congressman,
both in-district and in Washington D.C.
• Writing short-form speeches and video scripts and preparing video clips of the
Congressman for public distribution.
• Building relationships with allies and online influencers to amplify
Congressman Horsford’s digital message and expand his online reach.
• Perform all other duties as required

Page 21 of 22

The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work closely with
legislative and district staff. The ideal candidate will have experience in or
interest in learning about aspects of the office’s traditional press operations,
including writing press releases, drafting talking points and speeches, forming
relationships with members of the media, and pitching stories.
This is an ideal position for someone with 1-2 years of communications or digital
experience. Applicants must be passionate about public service, well-organized,
and have the ability to work on weekends and holidays when necessary.
Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other
languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply. Experience
with video editing and graphic design is also a plus. Nevada ties are a plus, but
not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, three writing samples, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Press/Media Secretary” in the subject
line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.

Page 22 of 22

