House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 19, 2014
MEM-187-14

Legislative Assistant – Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic,
motivated and organized lawyer with strong interpersonal and writing skills.
The ideal candidate will be able to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure. The Legislative Assistant works with the Chief Counsel/Legislative
Director and with the Chief of Staff to develop and implement the Member’s
legislative strategy in his/her issue areas; prepares materials for hearings;
drafts legislation, amendments, and congressional record statements; and
conducts research. Responsibilities include managing and handling issues that
include but are not limited to Federal-District of Columbia issues, Federal
Workforce, U.S. Postal Service and Labor policy. The ability to write well
under tight deadlines is essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented problem
solver and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior Hill, law
firm or similar experience is preferred. Candidate must possess a law degree
and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia. Salary
based on skill and experience level.
Page 1 of 3

Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to (202 225-1129 (fax) or
DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov. NO PHONE CALLS, PLEASE!
MEM-186-14

Job Opening:
Field Deputy, District Office, Los Angeles, California
Duties Include:
Serve as the Congressman’s liaison with the community, local organizations
and government agencies; staff and/or represent the Congressman at events;
advise the Congressman on local issues; help organize community based
meetings and events; implement proactive constituent outreach programs;
prepare Member for speeches and meetings; draft correspondence.
Experience Required:
Prefer two years experience working directly with the community at large.
Familiarity with the 34th Congressional District, key federal, state and local
issues, and the governmental process is also desirable. Solid interpersonal,
research and writing skills are essential. The successful applicant will be a
team player, have a positive attitude and the ability to work and set priorities in
a fast-paced and challenging environment. Spanish language skills considered
a plus.
Salary:
Commensurate with experience and salary history.
To Apply:
Please email cover letter and resume to Resume.California@mail.house.gov
No phone calls please.

MEM-183-14

Democratic member seeks highly proactive, experienced Communications
Director to develop and implement an aggressive media plan in a fast-paced,
high-energy environment. Potential candidate must have proven track record
with local and national media, possess ability to manage staff and entire media
portfolio. Significant speech writing is required. Outstanding writing skills are
required including: press statements, social media, op-eds, floor remarks, and
keynote speeches. Understanding of key policy areas, including health care is
desired. Qualified candidates would have 3-5 years of previous experience
(NOT ENTRY LEVEL POSITION) and should submit an email to
resumes4@mail.house.gov (with subject line: Communications Director) and
attach a resume and cover letter.

MEM-182-14

Senior, progressive California member seeks highly proactive, experienced
Communications Director to develop and implement a strategic media plan
in a fast-paced and results-driven environment. Potential candidate must have
proven track record with national media and ethnic press, possess ability to
manage robust digital media portfolio, and utilize aggressive pitching
strategies. Outstanding writing skills are required for varying mediums
including: press statements, social media, op-eds, floor remarks, and keynote
speeches. Understanding of key policy areas, including poverty, foreign
Page 2 of 3

affairs, and HIV/AIDS is desired. This is NOT an entry level position.
Qualified candidates should submit resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples (press release and or op-ed) to lee.resumes@mail.house.gov.
Minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No call or drop bys, please.

Page 3 of 3

