________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 21, 2023

MEM-449-23

STAFF ASSISTANT —Representative Anna G. Eshoo (D-CA-16) seeks a
Staff Assistant to serve in her Washington, D.C. office. Daily tasks include:
•Answering telephones;
•Greeting visitors;
•Processing flag and tour requests;
•Drafting correspondence;
•Driving the Member; and
•Serving as Intern Coordinator.
Candidates should be detail-oriented professionals with strong
organizational skills and writing abilities, have a positive attitude, take pride
in their work product, and thrive in a fast-paced environment. Applicants
must also have a car and a valid driver’s license.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume
to CA16Resumes@gmail.com no later than September 1, 2023. No phone calls or
walk-ins, please.

Page 1 of 28

MEM-448-23

Professional Staff Member: The House Armed Services Committee Democrats
are seeking a Professional Staff Member for the Military Personnel
Subcommittee.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, advising Members of Congress on
military justice and other military personnel policy matters, evaluating budget
requests and legislative proposals, preparing for committee hearings and
briefings, and developing and drafting proposal for inclusion in the annual
National Defense Authorization Act.
The Military Personnel Subcommittee jurisdiction includes: policy and programs
and accounts related to military personnel and their families, Reserve Component
integration and employment, military health care, military education, dependent
schools, POW/MIA issues, Morale, Welfare and Recreation, commissaries,
cemeteries under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense, the Uniform
Code of Military Justice, military retirement issues, and the civilian and contract
workforce.
This is not an entry level position. Candidates with a law degree and experience
with the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) are strongly preferred. The
Committee is an is an Equal Opportunity Employer and strongly values the
diversity of its employees. A successful candidate will be required to obtain and
maintain a security clearance.
Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references,
to hasc.dememployment@mail.house.gov with the subject line: “Full Name –
PSM – Military Personnel.” We will accept applications until the position is
filled.

MEM-447-23

Pennsylvania Republican is seeking a Press Assistant in the Washington, D.C.
office.
The Press Assistant will report directly to the Communications Director. The
ideal candidate should be hardworking, able to juggle multiple projects at once,
and demonstrate a proficiency in writing, editing, and digital/social media content
creation. Pennsylvania ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include:
•Assisting the Communications Director in drafting and editing written materials
such as the press releases, statements, Floor speeches, op-eds, and e-mailers
•Managing the Member’s social media pages and drafting content for those
platforms
•Updating the Member’s official website
Page 2 of 28

•Working with the Communications Director to execute short and long-term
communications strategies.
To apply, email cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to PaPressAssistantJob@gmail.com.
MEM-446-23

Military Legislative Assistant
Office of Congressman Frank J. Mrvan
Summary:
The Military Legislative Assistant (MLA) is responsible in the personal office for
managing the Congressman’s responsibilities as a Member of the House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee
on Oversight and Investigations. The MLA is also responsible for legislative
issues related to national security, foreign affairs, and other assigned issue areas,
including the drafting of prep material, constituent correspondence, and meeting
with constituent and special interest groups under these issue areas on behalf of
the Member.
Candidate must be highly dependable, detail-focused, value responsiveness to
constituents, and have superior organizational and writing skills. Knowledge of
the legislative process and Indiana ties are a plus. Minority and veteran
candidates are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to Kevin.Spicer@mail.house.gov with “Military Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.
Essential Job Functions:
•In a timely fashion, completes research and draft responses to constituents letters
on federal matters;
•Formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas including deceiving
legislative plans, drafting the plan into legislative form, coordinating the support
and advancement of the plan with personal office, Committee office, other
Member offices and outside stakeholders.
•Tracks legislation and other developments in his or her assigned issue areas and
briefs the Member for floor work, committee work, and work in the district,
•Plans and coordinates co-sponsorship and support of other legislation
recommendations in coordination with the Legislative Director;
•Monitors legislation on the House floor and makes vote recommendations in
coordination with the Legislative Director;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff and
constituents;
•Accepts performance based criticism and direction;
•Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
Page 3 of 28

•Works well under pressure and handles stress; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Skills and Knowledge Required:
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Ability to perform essential job functions above;
•Professional telephone manner;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures; and
•Knowledge of office computer applications.
MEM-445-23

Rep. Jonathan L. Jackson/Press Assistant/Digital Specialist:
Press Assistant/Digital Specialist for Rep. Jonathan L. Jackson (D-IL-01)
Background:
The Office of U.S. Representative Jonathan L. Jackson (D-IL-01) has an
immediate need to hire an experienced full-time Press Assistant/Digital Specialist
in the Washington, D.C., office. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a
cover letter, a writing sample, a list of three references, and a resume by
Thursday, August 31, 2023. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.
Job Expectations:
The Press Assistant/Digital Specialist develops media advisories, press releases,
speeches, talking points, op-eds, digital content, and other materials for the
Member. The Press Assistant/Digital Specialist also responds to inquiries from
the local and national media for background purposes and to provide official
statements from the Member. This position also assists the Communications
Director with development and implementation of the Member’s communications
and media strategy.
Salary Level/Range: $50,000 to $60,000
Job Duties:
•Works with key staff to develop and implement a comprehensive
communications and media strategy that promotes the Member’s policies and
priorities
•Manages all social media channels and web content to ensure all platforms are
adequately maintained and up to date
•Drafts news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds, and other materials
•Stays informed on the current issues impacting the Member and their district and
anticipates any inquiries from the press
•Monitors news to determine how the Member and their agenda is portrayed by
the media
•Prepares the Member for all interviews, including TV, radio, print, and other
public appearances
•Builds relationships with local and national reporters to book the member for
media spots
Page 4 of 28

•Oversees the creation of the Member’s newsletters and questionnaires to ensure
materials are distributed as planned
Requirements:
•Works with key staff to develop and implement a comprehensive
communications and media strategy that promotes the Member’s policies and
priorities
•Manages all social media channels and web content to ensure all platforms are
adequately maintained and up to date
•Drafts news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds, and other materials
•Stays informed on the current issues impacting the Member and their district and
anticipates any inquiries from the press
•Monitors news to determine how the Member and their agenda is portrayed by
the media
•Prepares the Member for all interviews, including TV, radio, print, and other
public appearances
•Builds relationships with local and national reporters to book the member for
media spots
•Oversees the creation of the Member’s newsletters and questionnaires to ensure
materials are distributed as planned
Requirements:
•Experience producing communications for social media and evaluating message
effectiveness
•Able to manage varying priorities and balance multiple deadlines
•Able to work in a fast-paced environment under tight timelines
•Experience managing relationships with members of the media
•Experience developing a communications strategy for a Member of Congress, or
a public, private, or non-profit organization
•Strong written and verbal communication skills
•Ability to develop and apply creative solutions to enhance messaging strategies
•Attention to detail
Preferences:
•Bachelor’s degree in communications, marketing, government, political science,
public policy, or related field
•Journalism experience is preferred
•Strong written skills
•1-3 years of Capitol Hill experience (this is not an entry-level position)
•Expertise with Canva
•A demonstrated interest in public service
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, a writing
sample, a list of three references, and a resume by Thursday, August 31, 2023, to
LaTreshia Hamilton at LaTreshia.Hamilton01@mail.house.gov. Incomplete
applications will not be considered.
Page 5 of 28

Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-444-23

Ranking Member Zoe Lofgren of the House Committee on Science, Space, and
Technology seeks to fill Professional Staff Member position on the Committee.
Duties include oversight of the Department of Energy (DOE) and other agencies
within the Committee’s jurisdiction, outreach to stakeholder groups, researching
and drafting legislation, staffing hearings, and preparing memoranda, statements,
and speeches for Democratic Members. Applicants should have experience in at
least one or both of the following subject matter areas: 1) science and energy
research and technology development activities carried out by DOE, 2) energy
and related environmental policy.
All applicants should possess strong writing, organizational, and communication
skills; the capacity to articulate technical and policy issues clearly and concisely;
and the ability to meet tight deadlines. The ideal candidate will have significant
Capitol Hill or relevant government or industry experience. An advanced degree
or technical background is a plus, but not required.
Please send a cover letter and resume to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This not
an entry-level position.

MEM-443-23

Representative Elissa Slotkin is seeking a full-time Special Assistant for her
Lansing, Michigan office.
The Special Assistant will report to the District Director.
Interested candidates should submit a resume with two professional references, a
cover letter, and one writing sample of 1,000 words to
“jobs.mi07@mail.house.gov”.
Responsibilities of the Role:
•Managing all Michigan scheduling for Representative Slotkin, coordinating
closely with the Washington, DC-based Director of Operations;
•Staffing Representative Slotkin as appropriate;
•Assisting the District Office leadership team with general office management
and special projects;
•Representing the Office of Representative Slotkin at some community events in
the Lansing area;
•Additional projects as assigned by the District Office leadership team.

Page 6 of 28

Candidate Qualifications:
Candidates should be college graduates and have a strong desire to learn how
Congress works by joining a dynamic office. Ideal candidates are:
•Experienced in scheduling and/or directly supporting a senior leader;
•Hardworking and detail-oriented self-starters;
•Team players, able to work both collaboratively and individually;
•Excellent oral and written communicators;
•Able to produce high quality work in a fast-paced environment under tight
deadlines;
•Enthusiastic, collegial, and professional.
The Office of U.S. Representative Elissa Slotkin is an equal opportunity
employer. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-442-23

Southern California Democrat is seeking applicants for a Chief of Staff based in
Washington DC.
The Chief of Staff will work with the Member to determine the overall strategies
of the office. This includes, but is not limited to, formulating policy positions,
overseeing the office’s legislative and media relations strategies, and
collaborating with District staff on important local outreach and communication
efforts. In addition, the Chief of Staff will provide leadership and guidance to
structure the office to provide outstanding constituent relations.
The Chief of Staff will also oversee all recruiting and hiring efforts, the
establishment of office policies and procedures, and perform other critical
functions to support legislative and administrative operations and advocacies.
Finally, the Chief of Staff will have direct supervision over the Legislative
Director, Communications Director, District Director, and Scheduler.
The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under pressure and the
flexibility to work long hours, including nights and weekends. Strong managerial
skills, strategic thinking, mission driven passion, and ties to Southern California
are preferred.
To apply for the Chief of Staff position, please send cover letter and resume
to CARuizJobs@mail.house.gov (mailto:CARuizJobs@mail.house.gov) with
“Chief of Staff” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with experience.
This is NOT an entry-level position.
No phone calls, drop-ins or faxes.

Page 7 of 28

MEM-441-23

House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic staff) seeks a
Civil Rights Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering civil rights issues in
employment.
Candidates should have familiarity with employment federal civil rights laws,
such as Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963 and Title 42, Chapter 21 of the U.S.
Code. Knowledge of the EEOC, OFCCP and federal statutes and policies and
how they impact civil rights in employment and health care is preferred.
Applicants should have a law degree and experience working with an
organization, Congress, or government agency addressing civil rights.
Duties will include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical
assistance to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues,
preparing written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution
of committee proceedings and events related to civil rights. Salary commensurate
with experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Civil Rights Counsel Position" in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-439-23

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Budget is seeking a highly
experienced, motivated, and creative Communications Director to lead its fastpaced communications shop. Strong relationships with national press, producers
and bookers, and stakeholders, as well as meaningful management experience is
necessary. Prior knowledge of the budget and appropriations process is a plus.
This is not an entry-level position.
The individual selected will have exceptional writing and editing skills, a keen
attention to detail, and the ability to translate complex issues and topics for
various audiences across platforms and medias. The ideal candidate will have at
least 5 years of communications work experience including time on Capitol Hill,
with a non-profit, government agency, or in the private sector.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Develop strategic communications plans for the committee, leading the
communications team and working closely with the Ranking Member’s personal
office, committee professional staff, and across offices to implement successful
Page 8 of 28

media strategies to roll out reports, commentary, legislation, send letters, and
make other major announcements;
•Manage, mentor, and grow the Committee’s communications team, focusing on
staff professional development, skill building, and efficient workflows;
•Build and sustain strong relationships with local, national, and budget-specific
print, radio, and broadcast media (reporters, producers, editors, columnists, etc),
and remain ready to identify creative ways to pitch the Ranking Member and
garner media attention for Committee work;
•Lead the communications team in drafting messaging resources and toolkits on
committee work and accomplishments for Committee Members and the Caucus;
•Assist with planning and staffing D.C.- and district-based events related to
committee work, such as press conferences and roundtables;
•Prepare, brief, and staff the Ranking Member for media interviews, press
conferences, roundtables, and other engagements;
•Draft and edit committee materials, talking points, speeches, press releases, opeds, and other materials as necessary; and
•Speak on background or on the record with reporters when necessary and act as
a media liaison for the Ranking Member.
REQUIREMENTS:
•Exceptionally strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
•Experience managing others and promoting professional development;
•Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media and how to
successfully create and leverage opportunities in each;
•Expertise in advising others on a communication strategy and ability to
collaborate well with issue experts and other coworkers;
•Strategic thinker, politically savvy, and ability to manage competing priorities
and develop solutions under tight deadlines;
•Ability to work well with others, willingness to take initiative, manage
competing priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines
are a must; and
•Works a flexible schedule, including long hours on nights and weekends.
This office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values
mentorship and professional development; we do not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or
expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds, women, people of color, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter describing their fit for the role,
a resume, and three writing samples to budgetdemocrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with “[NAME] – HBC Communications
Director” in the subject line. Please apply no later than Friday, August 25, 2023.
No calls or walk-ins please.
Page 9 of 28

MEM-438-23

The Office of Congresswoman Katie Porter seeks a legislative correspondent to
respond to constituent inquiries, provide constituents with written updates on
policy developments, administer the office’s legislative systems and processes,
and develop original legislative and oversight work.
The ideal candidate will have at least two years of relevant professional
experience, a strong understanding of congressional processes and procedures,
and a sharp attention to detail. The salary for this position is $55,000 to $60,000.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
●Organize incoming and outgoing mail and communicate progress in responding
to messages through regular reports to the Member of Congress and staff.
●Organize and distribute messages to legislative and district staff to complete
personal responses to individual constituents when appropriate.
●Draft and edit form letters to respond to constituent concerns and respond
personally to constituent messages when appropriate.
●Develop proactive correspondence to communicate policy developments to
constituents.
●Track all legislative requests and accomplishments and organize legislative
systems and processes.
●Take in person and virtual meetings with constituents and stakeholder groups.
●Support the office with drafting and editing memos, oversight letters, op-eds,
talking points, speeches, and legislation.
●Provide other legislative and administrative support and complete duties as
assigned by the Deputy Chief of Staff & Legislative Director and Chief of Staff.
Applications: To apply, send a resume and a short writing sample
to CA47.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Correspondent” in the
subject line. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, family status, military
status, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.

MEM-436-23

Senior Republican Member of Congress seeks a dependable and energetic staff
assistant for the Washington, D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail, meeting and
greeting visitors to the office, processing flag and tour requests, and supporting
staff with a variety of tasks, including driving the Member to appointments.
Ideal candidates must have excellent organizational, time management and
problem-solving skills. Must be comfortable working in a fast-paced environment
both independently and as part of a team. Pennsylvania ties and a sense of humor
are preferred, but not required.

Page 10 of 28

Send resumes to Renee.Gamela@mail.house.gov with the subject line: PA Staff
Assistant. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-435-23

The Office of Congresswoman Barbara Lee - a senior progressive appropriator
and member of House leadership - seeks an experienced, highly-motivated
Senior Legislative Assistant.
The Senior LA will be responsible for handling the following issues areas and
caucuses, with some flexibility: LHHSED Approps Subcommittee and issues
(Health, Labor, Education), Ag Approps Subcommittee and issues,CAPAC
Health Task Force, Health Equity and Accountability Act, HIV Caucus, CBC
Domestic Health Task Force, Sickle Cell Caucus, Poverty Task Force
The Senior Legislative Assistant will be responsible for jumping in to handle
Farm Bill priorities amid ongoing negotiations and will ideally overlap with the
outgoing Sr. Legislative Assistant for 1-2 weeks in late August/early September.
Responsibilities will include drafting and advancing legislative proposals,
preparing the Member for hearings and markups, meeting with stakeholders and
constituents, providing vote recommendations, and performing additional tasks as
assigned.
The best-qualified candidates will have experience in health policy and ideally
additional issue areas, Hill experience, strong writing and analytical skills, and
the ability to operate with grace and humor in a fast-paced environment. Other
advantages include experience in an Appropriator office, ties to California, and
advanced education. This is not an entry-level position.
Starting salary is $85,000 for Senior Legislative Assistants; prior experience as a
Legislative Assistant is required for the Senior title.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, one writing sample, and three
references to Lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Sr. Legislative Assistant –
[Last Name]” as the subject line.
This office is an equal-opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-434-23

Communications Director Opening – Congresswoman Lois Frankel (FL-22) is
hiring a Communications Director to lead, manage, and execute a fast-paced and
proactive communications operation.
Qualified candidates should possess strong writing and editing skills, high
proficiency with social media platforms, creativity, an understanding of local and
national issues, experience communicating with local and national press, and
Page 11 of 28

experience managing press events. The Communications Director will work
closely with the Member and staff and manage a Press Secretary. Occasional
travel to the District will be necessary.
This is not an entry-level position.
Salary range is $85,000 - $95,000 depending on experience, and includes health
insurance, student loan repayment, and other competitive benefits. Please
complete the google form at tinyurl.com/FL22CD Monday, August 28th at 5:00
PM. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-433-23

Rep. Josh Gottheimer seeks qualified candidates for the position of Scheduler in
his DC office.
Ideal candidates will have:
•Experience in a Congressional office, on a political campaign, or in another fastpaced administrative environment, with a strong preference for past
Congressional experience.
•Excellent attention to detail, and strong organizational skills.
•Sound judgment.
•Strong communication skills.
•The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions.
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
•The ability to work flexible hours including weekends and evenings.
Responsibilities include:
•Maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term District schedule.
•Supporting the operations team across DC and District needs.
•Working with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between
commitments.
•Working with the scheduling team to evaluate incoming requests and invitations.
•Working with the operations team to ensure that briefing materials are provided
for each event and meeting.
•Coordinating travel arrangements.
•Assisting with office management responsibilities, and performing other duties
as required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, and
LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Please send a resume and
cover letter with “Scheduler - Last Name” as the subject line
to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-431-23

Congresswoman Bonamici seeks a highly organized and detailed-oriented
scheduler for her Washington, D.C. office.

Page 12 of 28

Main responsibilities will include organizing and tracking invitations, speaking
engagements, and scheduling requests for the Member and staff, booking travel
reservations, reserving briefing rooms, managing White House tour requests
using TourTrackr, drafting correspondence for member, and coordinating closely
with district office team.
Additionally, the scheduler will work closely with the chief of staff to ensure
smooth overall D.C. office/staff operations. Ideal candidates will remain flexible
and calm under pressure, have excellent written and verbal communications
skills, strong interpersonal skills, and must be able to navigate competing
demands while anticipating the Member’s needs.
This position will include driving the member in D.C. in the member’s car, a
valid driver’s license is required. Some non-traditional hours are needed when
booking last-minute travel. Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals,
people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply. Oregon ties are a plus. Annual salary range: $55$58K + annual bonus, commuter/parking benefits, health insurance benefits,
student loan reimbursement.
Please email resume and cover letter to Rachael.Bornstein@mail.house.gov.
MEM-430-23

PA-12 Legislative Director
Congresswoman Summer Lee (D-Pittsburgh) has an immediate need to hire and
experienced Legislative Director in the Washington D.C. office in a full-time
capacity. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover
letter by 8/22. The office will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our
interview process on a rolling basis.
Job Expectations:
The Legislative Director plays an essential leadership role in the office by
working closely with the Chief of Staff in assisting with the formulation of the
Member’s policy and legislative strategy. The Legislative Director will maintain
status reports on all legislation affecting the district and legislation in which the
Member is a principal sponsor or cosponsor. The Legislative Director may also
manage and oversee the performance of the legislative team (e.g., legislative
assistant, legislative correspondent). Congresswoman Lee currently sits on the
House Committee on Oversight and Accountability and the House Committee on
Science, Space, and Technology and has a long-term interest to join the House
Judiciary Committee and the House Committee on Energy and Commerce.
Salary Level/Range:
Commensurate with Experience
Job Duties:
· Advises the Member on all legislative policy areas
Page 13 of 28

· Assists in the development of policy positions and legislative initiatives
· Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation in which the member is a principal sponsor, or legislation which the
Member is a cosponsor
· Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff
· Manages and supervises the Member’s legislative staff
· Coordinates responses to all legislative mail
Requirements:
· Experience researching public policy and preparing legislative
recommendations for a Member of Congress required
· Deep understanding of House floor and committee procedures
· Strong written and verbal communication skills
· Politically savvy and able to navigate challenging situations
· Experience collaborating and forming partnerships to advance legislative
agendas
· Comfortable making swift decisions and advising a Member of Congress on
important issues
· Able to manage a team of staff members and accomplish desired outcomes
· Strong time management and organization skills
Preferences:
· Bachelor’s degree in government, political science, public policy, or related
field
· A demonstrated interest in public service
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume by
8/22 to Wasi.Mohamed@mail.house.gov. Please add PA-12 Legislative Director
to the subject line.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-424-23

Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant
to join her Washington, D.C.-based legislative team.
The Legislative Assistant will help implement the Member’s agenda within the
Appropriations Committee and across authorizing committees and manage a
portfolio including, but not limited to, health care, financial services,
transportation, and infrastructure issues.
This is not an entry-level position and sound policy judgement is required.
Candidate should have a strong track record of translating policy priorities into
Page 14 of 28

successful legislative outcomes and developing proactive relationships with onand off-Hill stakeholders.
Candidate will be expected to frequently brief and staff the Member and
demonstrate strong verbal communication skills. Candidate should also be
coachable, responsive to feedback, and enjoy working in a team-first,
collaborative work environment. Candidate will work directly with the
Congresswoman, Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and intra- and interdepartmental peers to advance the Congresswoman’s authorizing and
appropriations priorities. Nevada ties are a plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF a resume, cover letter, writing sample of 1,000
words or fewer, and three references (including name, current title and
organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Assistant.”
MEM-422-23

DIGITAL DIRECTOR / PRESS SECRETARY – Congressman Mark Pocan
(WI-02), member the House Appropriations Committee, is seeking a highly
motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic individual with experience in digital
media strategy and video editing for a Digital Director / Press Secretary position.
Daily tasks include managing and creating a steady stream of digital content for
member’s social media platforms and website; graphic design; video filming and
editing; daily press clips; managing in-district media relations; drafting releases,
newsletters and advisories; and organizing press events. The ideal candidate will
be creative, have a strong proficiency in crafting digital content, experience
coordinating with media, and be a detail-oriented team player able to handle
multiple tasks at once.
Excellent writing and strong organizational skills are essential, along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Capitol Hill
experience is a plus, but not required. A sense of humor is greatly appreciated,
and the position reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified candidates should submit a cover
letter, resume, two writing samples, and an example of previous digital media or
graphic design projects to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Digital Director /
Press Secretary” in the subject line. Job opening closes COB on Friday, August
25th. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.

Page 15 of 28

This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
MEM-419-23

The Office of Congresswoman Summer Lee seeks a highly motivated digital
assistant to support the Communications Director in all aspects of the office’s
fast-paced and dynamic communications operation, including executing day to
day social media and rapid response, helping develop social media strategy,
designing social media and digital content for the Congresswoman, and media
monitoring. This role reports to the Communications Director. Progressive
values, creativity, and ability to respond rapidly are a must.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong sense of virality on social media; narrative voice
•Ability to perform rapid response based on breaking news, memes and trends
•Proven track record developing and executing multi-platform communications
and digital campaigns
•Writing, editing, and proofreading - especially social media posts
•Experience creating content using Adobe Suite (Illustrator, Photoshop and
Premiere or Premiere Rush) – or equivalent tools
•Strong organizational skills, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once;
•Knowledge of news cycle and current issues and events in which the
Congresswoman is involved;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Support implementation of digital communications and public relations
strategies for the Congresswoman;
•Compile daily press clips and stay informed about current events in the district
and across the country for their impact on the Congresswoman;
•Draft social media content and other written materials, and manage all of the
Congresswoman’s social media accounts (twitter, Instagram, FB, Tiktok)
•Develop branding guide, create graphics, film and edit photos and videos,
including clipping, captioning and branding;
•Manage the Congresswoman’s website and set up robust digital archives and
analytics trackers for the Congresswoman;
•Staff digital events and video recordings with the Congresswoman;
•Support with logistics for town halls, press conferences, and other public-facing
engagements, both virtual and in-person;
•Remain abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Congresswoman may be questioned;
•Support on administrative functions of the office as needed, such as constituent
calls and data entry;
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
•Work well under pressure, handle stress, and accept performance-based criticism
Page 16 of 28

and direction;
•Work flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends, and perform
other duties as assigned.
WORKING EXPECTATIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate;
•COVID-19 precautions and remote work expectations can be discussed during
the interview process - relatively flexible
•This role is based in Washington, D.C
COMPENSATION: commensurate with experience, along with a competitive
benefits package that includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan
payments (terms apply)
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Our office prioritizes building a diverse team committed to advocating for the
residents of PA-12. 1-3 years of digital, graphic design, press, organizing, or
advocacy experience is strongly recommended. Candidates from BIPOC,
LGBTQ+, working class, military, and/or other underrepresented communities
are strongly encouraged to apply. As a practice as an office we do not require any
pre-requisite degrees. Ties to Pennsylvania preferred, but not required.
HOW TO APPLY: Please submit your resume, cover letter expanding on how
your unique set of experiences suits you to excel in this role, 3 digital/creative
samples and 3 references to SummerLeeJobs@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Digital/Press Associate” Digital portfolios or websites also accepted for
creative samples.
MEM-405-23

Representative Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks a Legislative Assistant or Senior
Legislative Assistant for a policy portfolio that includes energy, environment,
and climate change issues. The policy portfolio includes his work on the House
Natural Resources Committee, and key priorities including climate action, clean
energy, spent nuclear fuel, and clean transportation. The portfolio will also
include other policy issues as needed.
This legislative staffer will work with the Legislative Director and Chief of Staff
to advance and execute the Congressman’s legislative agenda both on and off
committee. Responsibilities include staffing the Congressman at hearings and
markups; developing and analyzing legislation and policy; drafting remarks,
hearing questions, talking points, and memos; maintaining strong relationships
with constituent and stakeholder groups; drafting letters to stakeholders, the
Administration, and other Members; and staffing the Congressman in meetings
and at other events.
Candidates should have experience working on environment policy issues, strong
Page 17 of 28

written and verbal communications skills, a knowledge of House legislative
processes, sound political judgment, and be a willing team member. State or
district ties and prior legislative experience in a House or Senate office are a plus.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and a list of
three references to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov with “Environment
Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. Please send all materials in one PDF
document. Incomplete applications will not be considered. Salary range is
$60,000-$75,000, commensurate with experience.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees
and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-402-23

TITLE: Communications Director
REPORTS TO: Chief of Staff
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to manage and coordinate communications activities, including pitching media
contacts, for the Member and the office; and
•to help lead a robust franking program.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•at least one year of congressional experience;
•strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
•strong relationships with reporters and ability to regularly pitch stories;
•understanding of print, digital, and broadcast media;
•knowledge of current issues and events in which the Member is involved;
•ability to work well under pressure and to work cooperatively and courteously
with others.
DUTIES:
•develops and implements media and communications strategy for the Member;
•tracks current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the Member
may be questioned;
•evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the nation for their
impact on the Member;
•provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's actions and
legislative activities;
•writes remarks for the Member; and
•performs other duties as assigned.
Applicants should send a cover letter and resume with “Communications
Director” in the subject line to resume.JeffJackson@mail.house.gov.

Page 18 of 28

MEM-401-23

Representative Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks Staff Assistant for his Washington,
DC office.
This position is responsible for managing the front desk, answering the DC office
phones, operating the DC office internship program, coordinating constituents’
tour and flag requests, planning and drafting basic correspondence, and handling
additional administrative duties of the office as needed.
The staff member in this role interacts regularly with constituents and should
have a friendly, helpful demeanor. The ideal candidate should have strong written
and verbal communications skills, extreme attention to detail, and a positive
attitude. A working knowledge of legislative issues is a plus.
This staff member should also be a self-starter who likes to solve problems and
works well with a team. Strong organizational skills and a passion for helping
others are essential to this role.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and a list of
three references to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in
the subject line. Please send all materials in one PDF document. Incomplete
applications will not be considered. Salary range is $45,000-$50,000,
commensurate with experience.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees
and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-394-23

Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-08) seeks a full-time legislative assistant in
Washington, D.C.
The legislative assistant will be responsible for important issues areas such as
worker and family support, education, labor, transportation, among other issues,
in a fast-paced congressional office for a member of House Democratic
Leadership on the Ways and Means Committee and Budget Committee.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging, including drafting bills and amendments;
developing strategic plans to advance legislation through Congress; staffing
committee meetings; interacting with constituents and district stakeholders,
committee/leadership committee staff and federal agencies; and writing policy
briefing memos and talking points.
Candidates must have a self-starting personality, passion for public service,
strong written and verbal communication skills and an eagerness to work on a
team in a collaborative office environment. This is not an entry-level position. A
minimum three years of relevant work experience is required. Michigan ties
preferred.
Page 19 of 28

Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and a writing sample
to kildeejobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-390-23

JOB SUMMARY:
The Office of General Counsel (“OGC”), which provides legal advice and
representation to Members, committees, officers, and employees of the House on
matters related to their official duties without regard to political affiliation, is
accepting applications for the position of Assistant General Counsel.
Core responsibilities include: drafting district court pleadings and appellate
briefs; appearing in court in litigation matters in which the House or individual
Members, officers, or employees have an official interest; analyzing legal
problems presented by House Members, committees, officers, and employees,
and formulating recommended solutions; advising and counseling House
Members, committees, officers, and employees on a wide range of legal issues;
gathering facts necessary to permit OGC to provide sound legal advice;
interacting with House leadership, committees, and other House offices;
interacting with opposing counsel (both government and private); representing
witnesses in connection with investigative proceedings; performing legal research
on issues of constitutional, statutory, and common law; and working closely with
other OGC attorneys and support staff in performing these functions.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Minimum Requirements: (1) excellent academic credentials; (2) at least one year
of experience as a practicing attorney; (3) excellent writing, analytical, and
people skills; (4) excellent judgment; (5) ability to work with, and to provide high
quality legal advice and representation to, House Members, committees, officers,
and employees, without regard to political affiliation; and (6) appreciation of—or
at least the desire to learn about and understand—the role and functioning of the
Legislative Branch.
Preferred Qualifications: (1) judicial clerkship or other government experience;
(2) experience drafting dispositive motions in federal district courts and/or briefs
in federal courts of appeals; and (3) understanding of structure and operations of
the Federal Government, particularly the House of Representatives and the
Department of Justice.
Information about OGC is available at https://ogc.house.gov
Email cover letter, resume, transcript, list of references, and writing sample
to OGC.Employment@mail.house.gov. Application deadline, August 24, 2023.
Please include in the email subject line “Assistant General Counsel Vacancy.”

MEM-360-23

Speechwriter

Page 20 of 28

Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a gifted writer with a strong sense of
history and a knowledge of and familiarity with the great orators and speeches of
our time. Responsibilities include drafting remarks for events and the floor;
drafting and editing correspondence to constituents and federal agencies; and
drafting statements for social media and press, including Op-Eds.
The ideal candidate is a self-starter aware of the major issues and debates
dominating the floor and capturing the public imagination. We are seeking
someone who can generate ideas and develop clean, quality, and prompt drafts
for One Minutes on a weekly basis, as well as delve into longer-form remarks out
in the district that eschew platitudes but are strengthened by data and detailed
policy solutions.
A successful candidate need not have a depth of expertise in any one area but a
working knowledge of many areas, a well-informed student of current events who
is naturally curious and constantly learning. The position would additionally
involve working on a portfolio of issues – meeting with advocacy groups in those
areas and assisting the legislative team as projects come up – but an applicant
should consider themself a writer first and foremost. Knowledge of the district is
a plus.
Job title and pay will be commensurate with work experience. We are open to
negotiation on whether the role can be full time or part time; whether it can be
remote or in person. Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references,
and a writing portfolio (as many samples as you are proud to showcase)
to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name – Speechwriter.”
We will accept applications until the position is filled.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and enduring from the ground up, particularly for a Member of
Congress who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-359-23

Legislative Assistant/Counsel
Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a seasoned legislative staffer for the
Washington, D.C., office with a background in matters before the House
Homeland Security and Judiciary Committees, preferably with a knowledge base
in oversight and investigations. Candidates with a J.D. degree are strongly
encouraged to apply, and experience working on legislation as a permanent
staffer for a minimum of two years is required.

Page 21 of 28

The ideal candidate is a student of politics and government who is well-versed in
current events and possesses a working knowledge of a diverse array of issues.
We are seeking a strong writer, particularly one adept at drafting powerful
remarks for the floor, with a track record of successfully developing and
advancing legislation, preparing and staffing the Member for committee hearings
and markups, and managing a broad policy portfolio.
Responsibilities also include developing and drafting bills, amendments, letters,
policy statements, talking points, op-eds, memos, and reports; planning and
organizing briefings and other events; managing relationships with local, state,
and national stakeholders; tracking legislation; handling vote recommendations;
building coalitions of diverse, bipartisan stakeholders to advance legislative
priorities; and assisting organizations and constituents in the district with federal
matters.
Job title and pay will be commensurate with work experience.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and enduring from the ground up, particularly for a Member of
Congress who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff.
Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references, and a writing
sample to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Assistant / Counsel.” We will accept applications until the position is
filled.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy
Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
Page 22 of 28

stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.
Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and
possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.

MEM-323-23

To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful. The ideal candidate will have significant
experience interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication
skills and a working knowledge or strong interest in the District of Columbia and
its local government. Candidate must possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be
willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
Page 23 of 28

Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.
MEM-305-23

DPCC COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – The House Democratic Policy
and Communications Committee seeks an experienced Communications Director.
The Communications Director will work with the Executive Director to design
and execute strategies that advance the message priorities and values of House
Democrats; create messaging guidance, event suggestions, sample releases, and
other communications tools; help Democratic offices pitch stories, hold strong
local press events, and position Members in the media; and assist in bolstering
paid communications programs in Democratic offices.
The Communications Director is also expected to assist with the planning and
execution of regular DPCC message meetings and policy dinners; support DPCC
outreach initiatives; and assist with daily tasks and long-term planning. Spanish
language fluency and experience with constituency media is strongly preferred.
This is not an entry-level position; a strong background in communications on
Capitol Hill is required. DPCC is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex,
gender, LGBTQ+ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people
of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. DPCC
will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
To apply, please email jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF: 1. Cover letter; 2. Résumé;
3. Two writing samples, with one coming from work on Capitol Hill; and 4. Two
references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email,
and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not
contact these references without contacting you first).

MEM-300-23

Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-O4) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working,
skilled and experienced Legislative Director to help shape and manage a robust
legislative portfolio.
Congressman Horsford is a member of the Armed Services and Financial
Services Committees, Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, and an active
frontline member. Previous legislative experience on Capitol Hill is required, and
Nevada ties are a plus. Ideal candidates will have experience managing and
Page 24 of 28

mentoring staff, thinking strategically and will possess a sophisticated
understanding of the legislative process, along with excellent writing,
organizational and time management skills. The ideal candidate will primarily be
responsible for managing a legislative portfolio that consists of healthcare, taxes,
gun violence prevention, and other issues.
Candidates should be creative, proactive and self-motivated, and have an ability
to operate effectively under pressure and work closely in a team atmosphere in
this fast-moving, dynamic office.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or parental
status. Women, people of color and LGBTQAI+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply, as are candidates with Nevada ties.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience, along with generous
benefits and professional development opportunities.
Interested candidates must include a cover letter, resume, two page max writing
sample and three professional references in a single PDF file.
Email submissions to the Director of Administration, Selena Harvey
at nv04resumes@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-LD-23_last name". No calls please. Individuals selected for an
interview will be contacted.
MEM-276-23

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Majority Staff
REPORTS TO: Majority Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance
and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with duties as assigned.
DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with full Committee hearings on matters within Subcommittee
jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
Page 25 of 28

•Reviewing the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and
other publications for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Majority agenda, briefing of Members, and development
of questions;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Drafting remarks for Chairman and suggested questions for hearings;
•Preparation of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee
Chairman on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staff
Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee staff, as needed.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
REQUIRED SKILLS:
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Attention to detail.
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
Page 26 of 28

marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and three writing
samples to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“DAMA Republican Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins,
please.
MEM-259-23

The office of a conservative, mid-western Member of Congress seeks a
Communications Assistant to work in the DC office and help develop and
execute an effective communications strategy.
The ideal candidate is:
•innovative, confident, and detail-oriented,
•a strong and effective verbal and written communicator,
•capable of consistently producing high-quality work product,
•able to effectively communicate with a variety of audiences using social media
and other platforms,
•willing to work long hours, including some time on weekends, and under tight
deadlines,
•able to react to unanticipated circumstances requiring fast and effective
response,
•interested in political and government topics and news from a variety of sources,
•committed to contributing to a team dynamic based on respect, collaboration,
and transparency.
Job responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•compiling and distributing daily press clips,
•producing content for social media and the official website,
•writing speeches, opinion editorials, talking points, press releases, and similar
content,
•preparing the Member for media opportunities and public appearances,
•photographing events, hearings, and other public functions,
•research to support communications activities,
•monitoring national, state, and local news for stories relevant for the office,
•assisting with all other communications-related tasks that are necessary to
execute a communications strategy.
This position is for someone early in their career with one to four years of
experience working in a professional setting with at least some exposure to
communications-related work.
Applicants must complete a writing sample as part of the interview process.
Interested applicants should email CommsApplicants@gmail.com with:

Page 27 of 28

•a cover letter,
•resume,
•at least three professional references, and
•any relevant work samples (e.g. - writing, video, creative)

Page 28 of 28

