House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 29, 2019

MEM-194-19

California Democrat and Member on the Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee seeks Legislative Assistant to handle transportation policy along
with a diverse portfolio of issues. Candidates should have excellent research,
writing, and communication skills. Duties include identifying and advancing
policy proposals, committee hearing and mark-up preparation, meetings with
stakeholders, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Successful
candidates should possess strong interpersonal skills and a willingness to
work in a team environment. This is not an entry level position and prior
legislative experience on Capitol Hill is preferred. Office is an equal
opportunity employer.
Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
to CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.

MEM-193-19

DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF – Southern Democratic Member of Congress
is seeking an experienced and enthusiastic Deputy Chief of Staff to help
manage the day-to-day operations and to serve as a top advisor on key issues.
Ideal candidate will have at least 5 years of Capitol Hill experience.
Candidates should possess a strong understanding of the legislative process,
including House organization and procedures, excellent written and oral
Page 1 of 6

communication skills, and editing abilities. Applicants must also demonstrate
an ability to manage and mentor staff, think strategically, and have experience
in formulating strategic plans for advancing legislation. Qualified candidates
should submit a cover letter, resume and three writing samples to
nchousejobs@gmail.com with “Deputy Chief of Staff” in the Subject Line.
No phone calls or drop-ins please. This office is an equal opportunity
employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or expression, or sexual
orientation.
MEM-192-19

Active Ways and Means Democrat seeks an experienced Legislative
Assistant to handle a diverse portfolio of issues including healthcare,
education, and veterans issues. The Legislative Assistant will be responsible
for developing legislative initiatives, staffing the Member for hearings and
mark-ups, and meeting with constituents and interested groups on behalf of
the Member.
Qualified candidates should have at least 2-4 years of experience and possess
a strong understanding of the healthcare universe. Applicants must
demonstrate an ability to work well with a team in a small, fast-paced
environment, while maintaining a sense of humor. This is not an entry level
position. To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
CAdemofficejob@gmail.com. No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-190-19

Progressive Democrat Seeks Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent –
Progressive Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent.
Duties include processing flag and tour requests and management of an active
constituent correspondence program with short turnaround times. Candidates
should have excellent writing and research skills, be self-starters, and have
strong organizational and time management skills. Previous Hill experience
strongly preferred. This office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly
encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please send resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
StaffAstLegCorr@gmail.com.

MEM-188-19

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes seeks a press secretary to serve in her
Washington, D.C., office. Candidates should be proactive and possess
superior written and oral communications skills (including strong writing,
editing, and proofreading capabilities). The ideal candidate will be a selfstarter that can juggle multiple tasks and has prior political and
communication experience.
Primary Responsibilities:
- Establishing and maintaining relationships with Connecticut, national, and
D.C.-based media
- Coordinating all media efforts and communication-related events
- Drafting and distributing press releases and media advisories; drafting,
Page 2 of 6

editing, and placing op-eds
- Working with digital press assistant to draft, edit and post creative content
across all social media platforms
- Pitching stories to reporters and producers, including national and
Connecticut media, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the point-ofcontact for media
- Monitoring media narratives and identifying opportunities to promote the
Member
- Overseeing franked communications strategy, including: the drafting,
design, and distribution of franked mail content;
- Updating the congressional website and ensuring that it features timely
content
- Coordinating and staffing the Congresswoman for interviews and events
- Compiling and distributing press clippings
- Work with legislative staff to coordinate E-newsletter
- Provide weekly reports on communications activities to Member and senior
staff
Connecticut ties are a plus but not required. Minority candidates are
encouraged to apply. Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume
and two writing samples in a single PDF to CT05employment@gmail.com
with the following subject line: First name Last Name – Press Secretary. No
phone calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-186-19

Chairman of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Constitution, Civil Rights and
Civil Liberties seeks Legislative Assistant to handle Judiciary portfolio in
Member’s personal office. Responsibilities include coordinating with
committee staff, preparing materials for hearings, drafting legislation, meeting
with stakeholders, writing talking points, coordinating with Communications
Director and representing the Member at meetings and events. Applicants
should have strong organizational, writing, and communication skills and be
detail oriented. This is not an entry level position. A JD and substantial Hill
experience, including thorough knowledge of House rules and legislative
process, are required. Should also have ability to work in a fast-paced
environment for a very active Member while keeping a sense of humor.
Tennessee ties are a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and 2 writing
samples to tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov. Please write “Judiciary Legislative
Assistant” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-183-19

Senior House Republican seeks an experienced scheduler to maintain the
Member's official schedule, travel plans, and associated duties. Strong
interpersonal and organizational skills are a must. The position would also
involve directly assisting the Congressman and Chief of Staff in coordinating
Page 3 of 6

meetings involving multiple Members of Congress. Previous Hill experience
strongly preferred. Please send a resume with “Scheduler” in the subject line
to oh01jobs@gmail.com. Please, no phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-180-19

Southern California Democrat seeks Staff Assistant for Washington, DC
office. Must have own car.
Responsibilities include driving the Member to events, welcoming office
visitors, answering telephone calls, coordinating flag and tour requests, hiring
and supervising interns, sorting and processing constituent correspondence,
and other administrative and legislative duties as assigned. A safe vehicle and
a good driving record are required. Please include make/model information in
your cover letter.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, able to multi-task, and willing to
work long hours in a fast-paced and demanding setting. Candidates should
exhibit situational awareness, discretion, a solutions-oriented attitude, and a
sense of humor. Spanish fluency and Southern California ties are preferred.
Candidates should submit a cover letter describing their fit for the role,
resume, and references to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with just “Staff
Assistant” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This
office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-176-19

Senior Rocky Mountain Democrat is seeking a Legislative Assistant to
manage a very active health care portfolio, including the Member’s leadership
of two high-profile caucuses. Candidates should have at least three years of
experience developing and implementing legislative strategies in a
Congressional office. Strong research, writing, and negotiation skills are
essential. An advanced degree in a health field is preferred. The ideal
candidate will be creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be
able to have fun while maintaining a busy schedule. Interested applicants
should send a cover letter and resume to rockymountainhealthla@gmail.com.

MEM-174-19

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks
an attorney for an investigative counsel position. The Committee’s
investigative counsels are responsible for conducting investigations and
adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members and staff of the
U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position which requires
the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from political or
partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and
written/oral communications skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary
to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience
in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics; criminal
law; employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the
workplace; civil litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications;
depositions; and financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
Page 4 of 6

ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative
Counsel” in the subject line.
MEM-173-19

A House Committee (Democratic staff) seeks a staffer to work on issues
related to small business agriculture, energy, and trade policy. Candidate must
be an outstanding writer, have a demonstrated capacity to generate new ideas,
and the proven ability to analyze legislation. This is not an entry level
position. Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill,
federal agency, private sector, or policy think tank experience is preferred.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-172-19

The Office of Congressman Ed Case (HI-01) seeks a hardworking and
detailed-oriented Executive Assistant in DC. Responsibilities include
answering the phone, greeting visitors, leading tours, and processing flag
requests. The position would also involve directly assisting the Congressman
on various administrative tasks. The Executive Assistant would not work on
legislative-related matters or perform any casework. Hawai‘i ties and previous
Hill experience strongly preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter, and two
short writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Executive
Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-168-19

Digital Production Specialist
The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks a full-time digital
production specialist to support the Committee’s Democratic staff. Candidates
should have at least two years of experience generating graphics, video and
social media content. Responsibilities include conceiving, developing and
publishing online video and graphics, updating the committee’s website, and
maintaining the committee’s presence on major social media platforms,
including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Youtube. Fluency in Spanish and
participation in climate or other justice-based movements is a plus. Salary
commensurate with skills and experience. Please email a cover letter with
links to an online resume or LinkedIn profile as well as a portfolio of your
work to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Digital Production Specialist” in
the subject line. The committee is an equal opportunity employer and
encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-456-18

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is
currently seeking a Deputy Clerk to assist the Chief Clerk in the 116th
Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to archiving and records
keeping, notices and circulations, official filings, editing letters and reports,
hearing, markup and conference logistics and proceeding, bill drops and floor
logistics, redlines, updates to the website, managing intern and fellowship
program, maintaining the documents room, updating and maintaining the
Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned. Candidates should
possess exceptional organizational skills, be comfortable with public
Page 5 of 6

speaking, and have excellent writing and research skills. The Deputy clerk
will be required to assume all clerking duties in the absence of the Chief
Clerk. Previous congressional experience is highly encouraged. Salary
commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should email their cover
letter, resume and writing sample to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. To
ensure proper identification, please put “DEPUTY CLERK APPLICATION”
in the subject line.

Page 6 of 6

