________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 12, 2023

MEM-302-23

Legislative Correspondent/Legislative Aide -- Congresswoman Lois Frankel
(FL-22), Member of the House Appropriations Committee, Chairwoman of the
Democratic Women’s Caucus, and Co-Chair of the Women, Peace, and Security
Caucus, is hiring a legislative correspondent/legislative aide to assist in drafting
letters to respond to constituent messages, take meetings with constituents, and
assist the legislative team with other projects as needed, with opportunities to
develop a legislative portfolio.
Applicants must be comfortable working in a fast-paced and team-oriented
environment. Excellent writing skills and attention to detail are required. Previous
experience with the Hill is strongly preferred. An ideal candidate should have
access to a vehicle and be able to assist in driving the Congresswoman when the
House is in session.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
Salary will range from $55,000-$65,000 depending on experience, with
additional benefits including health insurance and student loan payments.

Page 1 of 27

To apply, please email a one-page PDF resume and one-page PDF cover letter
to fljobopening@mail.house.gov. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis
and the final deadline to apply is June 16, 2023.
MEM-301-23

Rep. Josh Gottheimer seeks qualified candidates for the position of Deputy Chief
of Staff of Operations in his DC office.
Ideal candidates will have:
•A Bachelor’s degree or related job experience
•3-5 years of operations experience in a Congressional office, on a political
campaign, or in another fast-paced administrative environment.
•At least one year of management experience.
•Excellent attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
•Sound judgment.
•Strong communication skills.
•Capacity to communicate with a wide variety of personalities in a tactful,
courteous, and professional manner.
•Willingness to accept direction and guidance on performance and process
improvements from the Chief of Staff and Member.
•The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions.
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
•The ability to work flexible hours including long hours, nights, and weekends.
Responsibilities include:
•Ability to perform each of the essential job functions set forth below.
•Serving as a member of the Congressman’s senior staff.
•Supervising the Scheduler and Staff Assistants including providing feedback and
conducting performance reviews.
•Knowledge of and adherence to office policies, procedures, and practices
•Managing the scheduling and operations process end to end with minimal direct
involvement from the Chief of Staff and other senior staff including:
•Working with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between
commitments.
•Working with the Scheduler to evaluate and schedule incoming requests and
invitations in DC and the District.
•Working with the operations team to ensure that briefing materials are provided
for each event and meeting and ensuring that staff have appropriate advance
notice of needs.
•Ensuring office policies are followed.
•Ensuring office supplies and routine office purchases are kept up to date.
•Ensuring travel arrangements are properly coordinated.
•Other duties as assigned.
This position reports to the Chief of Staff. The salary range is $80,000 $100,000, commensurate with experience.

Page 2 of 27

Notice: This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national
origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual
orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law.
Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate
in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with
“Deputy Chief of Staff of Operations - Last Name” as the subject line
to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov
MEM-300-23

Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-O4) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working,
skilled and experienced Legislative Director to help shape and manage a robust
legislative portfolio.
Congressman Horsford is a member of the Armed Services and Financial
Services Committees, Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, and an active
frontline member. Previous legislative experience on Capitol Hill is required, and
Nevada ties are a plus. Ideal candidates will have experience managing and
mentoring staff, thinking strategically and will possess a sophisticated
understanding of the legislative process, along with excellent writing,
organizational and time management skills. The ideal candidate will primarily be
responsible for managing a legislative portfolio that consists of healthcare, taxes,
gun violence prevention, and other issues.
Candidates should be creative, proactive and self-motivated, and have an ability
to operate effectively under pressure and work closely in a team atmosphere in
this fast-moving, dynamic office.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or parental
status. Women, people of color and LGBTQAI+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply, as are candidates with Nevada ties.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience, along with generous
benefits and professional development opportunities.
Interested candidates must include a cover letter, resume, two page max writing
sample and three professional references in a single PDF file.
Email submissions to the Director of Administration, Selena Harvey
at nv04resumes@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read

Page 3 of 27

" MEM-NV04-LD-23_last name". No calls please. Individuals selected for an
interview will be contacted.
MEM-295-23

Congressman Adam Smith (WA-09) seeks a Staff Assistant in his Washington,
D.C. Office.
The Staff Assistant runs the front office of the Congressman’s D.C. Office and
supports office operations. Primary duties include answering incoming calls,
greeting visitors to the D.C. office, processing tour, flag, and other constituent
requests, and administrative duties related to running the office. The Staff
Assistant will also assist the Legislative Correspondent with the constituent mail
program, including processing and sorting incoming messages in Intranet
Quorum (IQ).
The ideal candidate will have excellent organizational and time-management
skills; strong customer service skills, particularly for telephone and in-person
conversations with constituents; and an ability to work cooperatively in a fastpaced environment.
Salary range is $52k+, dependent on qualifications and experience, with Federal
employee benefits including the student loan repayment program. Women,
people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities,
and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Interested candidates should submit a cover letter and resume
to WA09.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line: “Full Name - Staff
Assistant” by Wednesday, June 14.

MEM-293-23

Title: Professional Staff Member
Reports to: Deputy Staff Director/Director of Oversight
Job Summary: This Professional Staff member assists in meeting the
Committee’s oversight responsibility in the areas of campus security, House
operations, Legislative Branch operations, etc. Under the direction of the Deputy
Staff Director/Director of Oversight, this Professional Staff member implements
approved oversight strategy, identifies potential oversight issue areas and
pinpoints opportunities to employ committee oversight tools (i.e. hearings,
meetings, briefings, etc.). This position has mid-level staff responsibilities.
Major Duties:
*Exercises the Committee’s oversight responsibilities over campus security,
House operations, and Legislative Branch operations.
*Meets regularly with Legislative Branch agency officials and tracks issues,
initiatives and legislation related to the areas of oversight responsibilities.
*Identifies opportunities for official Committee oversight hearings and meetings
and prepares supporting materials for hearings and meetings regarding areas of
Page 4 of 27

oversight responsibilities.
*Initiates and prepares legislative and policy recommendations for consideration
by Deputy Staff Director/ Director of Oversight.
*Drafts internal and external correspondence for issues in areas of oversight
responsibilities.
*Responds to inquiries and requests from Member and Committee offices.
*Manages information flow and ensures that appropriate information reaches
relevant stakeholders.
*Manages initiatives and special projects within the Committee’s operational
jurisdiction
*Maintains relevant oversight issue area archives, including traditional and
electronic files and ensures that files are accessible.
*Ensures appropriate information sharing amongst House Administration
Majority and Minority staff as well as Committee Member liaisons.
*Contributes to the achievement of the Committee’s goals and executes ideas
towards these goals through a creative and proactive style.
*Exercises discretion and independent judgment in the conduct of committee
activities in close supervision with the Deputy Staff Director/Director of
Oversight.
*Performs other duties as assigned.
Requirements & Proficiencies:
*Bachelor’s degree in a discipline related to the position or an equivalent level of
professional work experience required.
*Knowledge of the operations of Member and Committee offices.
*Knowledge of the structure and operations of the House officers and House
operations generally.
*Ability to initiate and maintain positive working relationships with key
stakeholders within the Legislative Branch.
*Strong communications skills, both written and verbal.
*Strong organizational and administrative abilities.
*Strong analytical, problem-solving and decision-making skills.
*Knowledge of services available to House offices.
*Knowledge of Committee Rules & House Rules.
*Completes assigned tasks and prioritizes those tasks in an efficient manner;
must be able to complete tasks in a high pressure environment that may require
tight deadlines.
*Acts with integrity and in a fair and equitable fashion toward all House
Members and staff.
*Thorough knowledge of Microsoft Office applications.
All interested applicants should send their resume and cover letter
to Aubrey.Wilson@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Applicant for Oversight
Professional Staff Member”.

Page 5 of 27

MEM-291-23

DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF/LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR
OFFICE of CONGRESSMAN JONATHAN JACKSON (IL-01)
SUMMARY:
The Deputy Chief of Staff/Legislative Director, together with the legislative staff,
advises the Congressman on all legislative areas. This position assists in the
development of policy positions and legislative initiatives and assists in managing
the office's legislative staff.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Supervisory: Oversees up to four legislative employees. Responsibilities include
participation in interviewing, hiring, and training legislative staff; planning,
assigning and directing work; appraising performance; addressing complaints;
and resolving problems;
*Ensures that the legislative staff is properly focused on carrying out the
Member's legislative goals;
*Works to formulate positions on legislative issues;
Monitors legislative activity on the House floor and handles long-term and shortterm legislative planning for the Member;
*Oversees the progression of bills with which the Member is involved as they
move from Committee to the floor;
*Recommends strategies and tactics on bills and positions;
*Assigns legislative staff areas of responsibility and monitors and assists the
Chief of Staff in evaluating the legislative staff work;
*Trains and supervises legislative staff and ensures that legislative staff complies
with office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Schedules and directs legislative staff meetings;
*Meets with groups of constituents or other office visitors, as necessary;
*Recommends co-sponsorships of legislation to the Member;
*Writes and reviews legislative memos;
*Participates in the hiring of legislative staff, together with the Chief of Staff and
the Congressman, when necessary;
*Oversees activities of the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff;
*Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation in which the Congressman is a principal sponsor, or legislation on
which the Congressman is a cosponsor;
*Monitors and reports on floor action to the Congressman and the Chief of Staff;
*Coordinates responses to all legislative mail;
*Assists organizations and constituents in the district with federal matters;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff and constituents;
*Accepts performance-based criticism;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;

Page 6 of 27

*Works well under pressure and handles stress; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A bachelor’s degree or higher education level is preferred, including strong
academic credentials. Additionally, legislative experience on Capitol Hill, and/or
other legislative experience is beneficial.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
*Thorough knowledge of Members’ Congressional Handbook and House Rules;
*Ability to perform essential job functions above;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Provides necessary organization, supervisory, leadership and motivation to
manager the legislative staff;
*Excellent oral and written communication skills;
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications; and
*Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate; and
*Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
Interested applicants should send a resume to Autumn.Ford@mail.house.gov
MEM-290-23

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) is looking for a dynamic,
full-time Community Representative for her San Diego office.
Primary responsibilities include overseeing a community outreach and federal
casework portfolio on behalf of the Office – including serving as the Office’s
liaison to San Diego’s military and veteran communities – to ensure
Congresswoman Jacobs can stay connected and responsive to the community.
The ideal candidate will have strong San Diego ties; experience working with
service members and/or military families; exceptional communication,
organizational, and writing skills; and a genuine desire to serve constituents
contacting Congresswoman Jacobs for assistance. Bilingual and previous
customer service skills are a plus.
This is not a 9-5 position and will include evenings and weekend events and
meetings.
Page 7 of 27

Application instructions: Applicants should submit a letter of interest, résumé,
and a list of at least three references by email to the District Director, Paola
Guzman, at SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Community
Representative - [Last Name]” in the subject line. Application materials are due
by 5pm PT on Monday, July 3, 2023; applicants selected to move on to the next
round will be contacted shortly thereafter. No phone calls please.
The Office of Congresswoman Jacobs is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status.
MEM-289-23

The Office of Congressman Dan Kildee seeks a full-time Staff Assistant for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include handling all aspects of front office operations, including
greeting and engaging with constituents, answering incoming telephone calls,
handling tour and flag requests, supporting DC staff, and managing the DC
internship program. The Staff Assistant will work closely with the Director of
Operations.
Candidates must have excellent oral and written communication skills, a selfstarting personality, a desire to continually learn, an eagerness to work in a
collaborative office environment and a commitment to public service. Applicants
should be detail-oriented and possess strong organizational skills. Michigan ties
are highly encouraged.
Please send a resume and cover letter to kildeejobs@gmail.com with the subject
line "Staff Assistant Application." Please no walk-ins or phone calls. This office
is an equal opportunity employer and encourages all qualified candidates to
apply.

MEM-288-23

Congresswoman Hillary Scholten (MI-03) seeks a collaborative and creative
Digital Assistant/Director – title commensurate with experience – to join her
DC office.
Ideal candidates are team-oriented, self-motivated, and resourceful. Successful
applicants will write well, be proficient in graphic design and video production,
able to work under deadlines, be proactive and a strategic thinker who works well
with others.
This staff position reports to the DC-based Senior Communications Director.
RESPONSIBILITIES
•Create weekly social media and communications plans in collaboration with
Page 8 of 27

Communications Director
•Create graphics for social media, newsletters, visual presentations and mail that
effectively communicate an idea or policy clearly
•Manage livestreaming, photography and videography at DC-based events
•Oversee regular updates to the Congresswoman’s website
•Monitor social media and media reports regarding legislative, national and local
issues
•Produce video content to share on social media and with local stakeholders
•Other duties as assigned
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
•Proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite, Canva or other design programs required
•Candidates with ties to Michigan are strongly encouraged to apply
The Office of Congresswoman Hillary Scholten is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. We strongly value the
diversity of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds
to apply, including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA
community.
TO APPLY: Email cover letter, resume, one writing sample, two graphic design
samples, and 2-3 references to Rikki.Miller@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“[Last Name, First Name] Digital Opening.” Please no unsolicited drop-ins,
phone calls, or emails to the office.
MEM-287-23

The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) is seeking an experienced,
highly-motivated Legislative Assistant. The Legislative Assistant will handle
one of the following two portfolios (with some flexibility):
1. Healthcare, drug reform, opioid crisis, seniors, pensions, social security, labor
2. U.S. Competitiveness, manufacturing, trade and supply chains, transportation,
infrastructure, energy, technology
Responsibilities will include drafting and advancing legislative proposals,
preparing the Member for hearings and markups, meeting with stakeholders and
constituents, providing vote recommendations, and performing additional tasks as
assigned. The best-qualified candidates will have policy experience in one or
more of those issue areas, Hill experience, strong writing and analytical skills,
and the ability to operate with grace and humor in a fast-paced environment.
Other advantages include experience in a frontline office, ties to Virginia, and
advanced education. This is not an entry-level position. Starting salary for
Legislative Assistants is $65,000; candidates with prior experience as a
Legislative Assistant may qualify for a higher title and pay band.

Page 9 of 27

Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three
references to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant –
[Last Name]” as the subject line. Please include in your cover letter a sentence
describing your preferred portfolio.
This office is an equal-opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-286-23

Rep. Seth Moulton (MA-06) is seeking an experienced DC-based Scheduler to
manage the Member’s daily and long-term DC and MA schedule.
The Scheduler manages two operations staff (one in DC and one in MA) and a
Scheduling Assistant. The Scheduler organizes and tracks all events and
invitations, travel arrangements, and Member preparation, in consultation and
coordination with the appropriate staff. This person must also be detail-oriented,
friendly, and must display exemplary judgment in a fast-paced and rapidly
changing environment.
Qualifications/Prior Experience:
-Bachelor's Degree
-1+ years of experience in scheduling (Congressional scheduling experience
preferred)
-Highly organized
-Team-oriented
-Strong problem solving abilities
-Ability to balance competing priorities
-Superior written and verbal communication skills
-Comfortable working in Gsuite/Gcal, Slack
Role and Responsibilities:
-Operationalizes the strategic priorities of the office
-Works directly with DC and DO special assistants in coordinating all daily
movements
-Hires and manages Northeastern Co-op (Scheduling Assistant)
-Provides scheduling update and read ahead in DC, district, and leads all
scheduling meetings with senior staff and Seth
-Manages task assignment and completion within the scheduling team, and
responsible for schedule execution
-Oversees calendar data information requests
Please send a resume and cover letter to ma06.resumes@mail.house.gov.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. The salary for this position is
commensurate with experience.

Page 10 of 27

This position requires regular availability by phone and email outside of typical
business hours. Our office is an equal opportunity employer and women, people
of color, members of the LGBTQ+ community, and members of other
traditionally underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply.
MEM-285-23

Senior Legislative Assistant or Counsel
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking a Senior
Legislative Assistant or Counsel to lead the office’s Judiciary portfolio.
The Congresswoman is a Member of the House Judiciary Committee and the
Ranking Member on the Subcommittee on Immigration Integrity, Security and
Enforcement. This position will lead on all issues within the jurisdiction of the
Judiciary Committee (except Immigration), which include but are not limited to:
antitrust, courts, criminal justice, elections, protection of civil rights and civil
liberties, and intellectual property.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for committee hearings and markups
including proposing strategic approaches, drafting remarks and questions,
understanding issues sufficiently to respond to questions;
●Advancing current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
building support, legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials,
such as speeches, policy memos, and factsheets;
●Developing expertise in new issue areas as they arise;
●Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
●Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and
Committee offices; and
●Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●Excellent writing and time management skills;
●Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
appropriate for the office;
●Previous Hill experience strongly preferred;
●Poised, level-headed, flexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred. Position location is Washington, DC.
Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
references in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Judiciary
Page 11 of 27

Counsel/Senior LA”: [Applicant’s First and Last Name]” in the subject line. No
calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-284-23

TITLE: Investigator, U.S. House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican
Staff
REPORTS TO: the Staff Director, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations
Core Responsibilities:
•Under the guidance of the Subcommittee Staff Director, conduct investigations
into the Department of Veterans Affairs.
•Conduct oversight of Subcommittee issue areas, including Department
implementation of laws, regulations, and programs.
•Develop investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Review evidence and data to analyze, develop, and provide detailed written and
oral reports of findings
•Interview witnesses and subjects
•Assist the Subcommittee Staff Director in advising the Full Committee
leadership and Subcommittee leadership on legislative initiatives
•Draft hearing, markup, and floor statements for the Full Committee leadership
and Subcommittee leadership
•Assist in determining Full Committee and Subcommittee hearing topics and
prepare for hearings
•Meet with congressional staff and internal/external organizations on behalf of
the Committee
•Perform other duties as assigned by the Subcommittee Staff Director, Full
Committee Deputy Staff Director, and Full Committee Staff Director
Qualifications:
•Undergraduate degree required
•At least three years of relevant work experience, including experience leading or
working on investigations
•Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
•Excellent oral communication skills
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Demonstrate ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the
formulation and recommendation of policy positions
•Knowledge of current issues and events in which the Full Committee leadership
is involved
•Ability to work long hours, under pressure, and be cooperative and courteous
with others
•Domestic travel will be required (up to 40% of the time), with the possibility of
international travel.
•Work independently or as part of an investigative team

Page 12 of 27

Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Metro benefits or parking
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume
to james.whittaker@mail.house.gov “O&I Investigator” in the subject line.
What to Expect Next:
Your resume and cover letter will be reviewed to determine if you are among the
top candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an
interview.
MEM-282-23

The Office of Congressman Mike Garcia (CA-27) has an immediate need to hire
an experienced communications/media relations professional to serve as the
office’s Communications Director.
This full-time position is primarily based in the Washington, D.C. office.
However, the position requires some travel to the district to support media
relations and press events.
The Communications Director is expected to work closely with the Member,
Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, Press Secretary, and District Director to
develop and execute a coordinated plan to advance the Member’s
communications goals. The Communications Director will be responsible for
managing a highly active press shop.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: pitching and booking national and
local media, working with the press secretary to develop and distribute press
materials, writing and placing op-eds, managing the communications budget, and
Page 13 of 27

overseeing the development and distribution of a large mass mail and digital
advertising program.
The ideal candidate will have proven experience with pitching and booking
national media, is a strong writer, organized, and detail-oriented. A strong
candidate will also have experience in defense and national security policy
communications. California ties are a plus. Previous Hill and Communications
Director experience is preferred.
To apply, please send an email with the subject line “Communications Director –
[NAME]” with your cover letter, resume, a writing sample, and three work
references to mikegarciapress@gmail.com
MEM-280-23

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Economic
Opportunity
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with other duties as assigned.
DUTIES:
• Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
• Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
• Assisting with Subcommittee hearings and full Committee hearings on matters
within Subcommittee jurisdiction;
• Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
• Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
• Assist in drafting legislation for the Subcommittee;
• Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings,
to include determination of Minority agenda, preparation of research and hearing
briefing memo, and development of questions;
• Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
• Briefing subcommittee Members’ staff;
• Drafting remarks for the Chairman and suggested questions for hearings;
• Preparing memorandums for the full and subcommittee Chairman on matters
under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
• Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
• Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staff
Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee staff, as needed.
Page 14 of 27

QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
• Strong writing skills
• Proficiency in Microsoft Office
• Organizational skills
• Problem solving
• Strong verbal communication
• Team oriented
• Ability to work well under pressure
• Attention to detail
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send résumés and cover letter only to the following email address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “EO Republican Research
Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
What to Expect Next:
Your résumé and cover letter will be reviewed to determine if you are among the
top candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an
interview.
MEM-279-23

The House Democracy Partnership (HDP), a bipartisan commission of the House
of Representatives that works to strengthen democratic institutions in more than
20 partner countries around the world, is seeking a full-time, permanent Deputy
Director.
This is a senior-level position that requires substantial experience working in
foreign policy or international development in the U.S. government and/or at
non-governmental organizations, as well as significant experience in
communications. Experience serving on congressional committees or
commissions, familiarity with U.S.-funded democracy and governance programs,
and/or organizing executive-level training or international exchange programs is
strongly preferred.
The Deputy Director will assume significant responsibility for the following
commission functions, with his/her final portfolio to be based on the successful
candidate’s knowledge, skills, and experience:
•Develop and drive a multi-channel communications strategy including preparing
all communications material, social media content, reports, speeches, and website
maintenance;
•Assist with implementation of all HDP programs, including outbound
congressional and staff delegations, U.S.-based training programs, ad hoc
technical assistance missions, and periodic assessments of current or prospective
partner countries;
Page 15 of 27

•Participate directly in HDP programs as a member of outbound congressional
and staff delegations and an active participant in U.S.-based training programs;
•Conduct periodic evaluations of HDP’s programs and activities, and directing
other strategic planning activities as required;
•Advise HDP members on developments related to HDP partner countries and to
U.S. democracy and governance programs more broadly, including preparing
members for participation in congressional delegations and training programs;
•Assist with managing HDP’s relationships with internal stakeholders (including
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House Leadership, and other Members and
Committees) and external stakeholders (including the State Department, USAID,
NDI, IRI, and partner governments).
HDP is an independent congressional commission whose programs are supported
by the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, the U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID), and USAID’s implementing partners, the National
Democratic Institute (NDI) and International Republican Institute (IRI). Because
of this unique organizational structure, the Deputy Director serves as a
professional staff member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee (HFAC), with
offices and administrative support provided by both HFAC and the Committee on
House Administration. The Deputy Director reports directly to the Executive
Director and serves at the pleasure of the HDP Chairman. Likewise, the Deputy
Director works closely with the staff of the HDP Chairman and Ranking
Member, and with staff from NDI and IRI in the development and execution of
HDP programs. A highly collaborative attitude and an ability to manage complex
projects involving multiple stakeholders are thus essential qualifications for this
position.
The target start date for this position is July 5, 2023. Interested candidates should
submit a CV, cover letter, and three professional references to House Democracy
Partnership House_Democracy_Partnership@mail.house.gov.
The House Democracy Partnership office is located in the Cannon House Office
Building, and is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment.
MEM-277-23

Rep. Mike Kelly (PA-16) seeks a Legislative Assistant for his Washington, D.C.
office.
This position will primarily be responsible for managing the Congressman’s
agriculture, appropriations, energy, and natural resources priorities.
Responsibilities include advising the Congressman on all legislative areas within
their portfolio, monitoring floor debate, preparing vote recommendations, and
working closely with constituents and stakeholders on relevant district issues.

Page 16 of 27

Ideal candidates will have a minimum of 1 year in a Congressional office.
Pennsylvania ties are preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to quinn.ritchie@mail.house.gov
MEM-276-23

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Majority Staff
REPORTS TO: Majority Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance
and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with duties as assigned.
DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with full Committee hearings on matters within Subcommittee
jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
•Reviewing the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and
other publications for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Majority agenda, briefing of Members, and development
of questions;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Drafting remarks for Chairman and suggested questions for hearings;
•Preparation of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee
Chairman on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staff
Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee staff, as needed.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;

Page 17 of 27

REQUIRED SKILLS:
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Attention to detail.
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and three writing
samples to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“DAMA Republican Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins,
please.
MEM-275-23

Rep. Josh Gottheimer seeks qualified candidates for the position of Director of
Operations and Scheduling in his DC office.
Ideal candidates will have:
•A Bachelor’s degree or related job experience.
•3-5 years of operations experience in a Congressional office, on a political
campaign, or in another fast-paced administrative environment.
•At least one year of management experience.
•Excellent attention to detail, and strong organizational skills.
•Sound judgment.
•Strong communication skills.
Page 18 of 27

•Capacity to communicate with a wide variety of personalities in a tactful,
courteous, and professional manner.
•Willingness to accept direction and guidance on performance and process
improvements from the Chief of Staff and Member.
•The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions.
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
•The ability to work flexible hours including long hours, nights, and weekends.
Responsibilities include:
•Ability to perform each of the essential job functions set forth below.
•Serving as a member of the Congressman’s senior staff.
•Supervising the Scheduler and DC Staff Assistant including providing feedback
and conducting performance reviews.
•Knowledge of and adherence to office policies, procedures, and practices
•Managing the scheduling and operations process end to end with minimal direct
involvement from the Chief of Staff and other senior staff including:
•Working with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between
commitments.
•Working with the Scheduler to evaluate and schedule incoming requests and
invitations in DC and the District.
•Working with the operations team to ensure that briefing materials are provided
for each event and meeting and ensuring that staff have appropriate advance
notice of needs.
•Ensuring office policies are followed.
•Ensuring office supplies and routine office purchases are kept up to date.
•Ensuring travel arrangements are properly coordinated.
•Other duties as assigned.
This position reports to the Chief of Staff. The salary range is $80,000 $100,000, commensurate with experience.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status,
parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require
reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes
are encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with
“Director of Operations and Scheduling - Last Name” as the subject line
to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov.

Page 19 of 27

MEM-274-23

Rep. Josh Gottheimer seeks a dynamic New Jersey-based District Press
Secretary to help lead the communications team.
The position will manage and execute the communications and digital media
functions of the office including:
•Pitching and fielding a high volume of press requests
•Maintaining relationships with district media
•Managing local press events
•Writing press releases, op-eds, speeches, newsletters, and talking points
•Leading interview preparation and media relations efforts
•Managing all social media channels and web content
Ideal candidates will have:
•At least 2-3 years of experience working in political communications and/or
working in fast-paced media environments
•The ability to operate proactively and collaboratively
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
•The ability to work flexible hours including long hours, nights, and weekends.
The position reports to the Deputy Chief of Staff.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with
“Director of Operations and Scheduling - Last Name” as the subject line
to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-272-23

Digital Outreach Aide
Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a creative, driven, and graphically
minded communications professional who is enthusiastic to help grow the
Congressman’s social-media presence and online outreach working out of the
Washington, D.C., office.
The ideal candidate is a self-starter with an aesthetic eye and technical skill with
video recording and editing, photography, iconography, branding, and developing
a new-media strategy. We are seeking a strong writer, particularly one adept at
crafting punchy, eye-catching soundbites and witticisms that tend to draw online
attention, as well as the traditional, long-form exposition that together constitute a
Page 20 of 27

robust communications operation. Successful candidates can use Canva and
Adobe Creative Suite programs to create high-quality, professional-looking
products.
Responsibilities include developing all digital content, including copy, graphics,
and videos; managing and creating content for social-media platforms; tracking
digital-outreach analytics; overseeing the franked communications program,
including spots online, over the phone, over text, on the radio, and in print;
designing and drafting a recurrent e-newsletter; building out and updating the
Web site; and assisting the Communications Director with media requests and
press obligations, as needed.
Title – from press assistant to digital manager or director – and pay will be
commensurate with work experience. Candidates at all levels of experience are
encouraged to apply so long as they possess the skills, talent, and knowledge
needed to execute the job well.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and lasting from the ground up, particularly for a Member of Congress
who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff.
Please submit a cover letter; a resume, including two-to-three references; and a
digital sample (either a graphic or video clip you generated and edited – or
preferably both – previously or in response to this job opening)
to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name – Digital
Outreach Aide.” We will accept applications until the position is filled.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-271-23

Southern California Democratic Office seeks Staff Assistant to join front office
team. MUST have a reliable and safe vehicle and driving record.
Candidates should be well-organized, hard-working, and detail-oriented. High
degree of professionalism required, as well as an ability to work a flexible
schedule, including long hours. Duties include answering telephone calls,
greeting visitors, supervising interns, assisting legislative staff, and driving the
Member in DC. Capitol Hill experience and California ties preferred. Spanish
language skills a plus. Starting salary of $45,000, plus student loan repayment,
and standard House benefits (healthcare, pension, TSP, etc.).

Page 21 of 27

Email cover letter, resume, and references in one PDF document
to Ryan.Viessman@mail.house.gov with subject heading “Staff Assistant
Position”. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-267-23

Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (OR-06) seeks a Legislative Director based in
her Washington, DC office. She is a freshman member in a battleground district
who serves on the House Agriculture Committee, the House Science, Space, and
Technology Committee, and the Congressional Executive Commission on China.
She also serves in leadership for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the
Democratic Women’s Caucus and is a member of the New Democrat Coalition
and the Congressional Progressive Caucus.
The Legislative Director oversees the development of policy positions and
legislative initiatives and supervises the office's legislative staff. This position
also meets with constituents and stakeholders on behalf of the Member and serves
as the primary contact for legislative issues with caucuses and committees. The
Legislative Director will advise the Member on all legislative areas.
Other responsibilities include managing a legislative portfolio; monitoring
legislative activity on the House floor and overseeing long-term and short-term
legislative planning for the Member; supervising the mail program and working
closely with the Legislative Correspondent and legislative team to build a letter
library and facilitate constituent correspondence; managing the progression of
bills with which the Member is involved as they move from Committee to the
floor; recommending strategies and tactics on bills and positions and overseeing
the Community Project Funding process.
Qualifications include strong oral and written communication skills, thorough
knowledge of the legislative process and of House organization and procedures,
knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments, an understanding
of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved, political
acumen, and the ability to manage and lead a team. We are also looking for a
team player who is committed to fostering a positive work environment. Previous
Hill experience is required. Candidates with health care and/or agricultural policy
and knowledge of or ties to Oregon is a plus.
This is not an entry-level position and previous legislative experience on Capitol
Hill is required Salary range for this position is $100,000 to $110,000 + benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified
candidates are encouraged
to apply.
Please email a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples

Page 22 of 27

to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: Legislative Director. This
position will be open until filled.
MEM-266-23

STAFF ASSISTANT – New Jersey Congressman Bill Pascrell, Jr. seeks an
organized Staff Assistant for his Paterson, New Jersey, district office to handle
general reception duties, conduct constituent services, and drive the Congressman
to and from events, meetings, and other engagements.
The Staff Assistant can also expect to represent the congressman at community
events. Candidates should be motivated self-starters with excellent oral and
written communication skills. Applicants must have a valid driver’s license. This
entry-level position is a tremendous opportunity to learn the ins-and-outs of the
United States Congress, collaborate with professionals and elected officials and
navigate the unparalleled Garden State political realm.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter via email
to NJ09position@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. We
will consider applications until the position is filled.
The position is full time with federal benefits, including student loan repayment
program (if eligible). The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or
parental status.

MEM-265-23

Congressman Jared Huffman (CD2) seeks a highly organized District Staff
Assistant/Caseworker for his San Rafael District Office.
Duties include:
•Greet and screen visitors, answer and screen telephone calls for the
Congressman and district office staff members, taking messages when
appropriate;
•Assist with processing of constituent mail and franked mail;
•Assist with federal casework as needed;
•Participate in select outreach efforts such as town halls and stakeholder
roundtables;
•Provide assistance in preparing congressional certificates of recognition and
other correspondence as needed;
•Maintain accurate and complete files on all assigned casework matters;
•Monitor, screen, and refer cases, when appropriate, to other government entities;
•Respond to constituent requests for information;
•Assist with administrative and clerical duties involved with managing the front
office; and
•Additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and abilities.
A successful candidate will be highly organized and detail oriented; possess
Page 23 of 27

strong writing skills; and have experience working in a fast-paced office with the
ability to maintain a professional, flexible, and positive demeanor while
simultaneously managing competing tasks and projects. This position requires
flexible hours and availability on nights and weekends.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please send cover letter, resume and three references
to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the subject line “CA02 Staff Assistant/
Caseworker.”
MEM-264-23

Congressman Jared Huffman (CA-02) seeks a highly organized District
Scheduling and Operations Manager for his San Rafael District Office.
Responsibilities include:
• Serving as the office's primary point of contact for constituents, elected
officials, and nonprofit and advocacy organizations seeking meetings in the
district;
• Coordinating the Member’s California schedule by making travel and meeting
arrangements while anticipating and responding to day-to-day developments;
• Coordinating with staff (including field, legislative, and press) to identify
schedule priorities;
• Working directly with the District Director and Member on scheduling logistics
across six counties and DC;
• Determining and deploying technologies to streamline office operations and
maximize data management;
• Assisting the DC office and District Director on maintaining financial and
expense records, office supplies and various administrative duties;
• Coordinating constituent requests for congressional recognition, including
certificates, congressional record statements, and letters of support; and
• Additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and abilities.
A successful candidate will be highly organized and detail oriented; possess
strong writing skills; and have experience working in a fast-paced office with the
ability to maintain a professional, flexible, and positive demeanor while
simultaneously managing competing tasks and projects. This position requires
flexible hours and availability on nights and weekends.
This is not an entry-level position. Ideal candidates will have significant previous
experience working in administrative support roles. This position is part of the
senior staff team and is critical to the office’s operations. Salary is commensurate
with experience. In addition, the office offers federal student loan reimbursement
and other federal benefits to employees.
Page 24 of 27

The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please send cover letter and resume to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “CA02 District Operations Manager.”
MEM-261-23

Rep. Ferguson (GA-03) seeks a Legislative Assistant
The Legislative Assistant will cover a portfolio including but not limited to
Budget, Education, Financial Services, and Telecommunications.
Responsibilities include drafting legislation and official letters, working with
internal and external stakeholders to advance bills, monitoring legislation within
assigned portfolio, meeting with constituents and stakeholders on issues,
monitoring the House Floor and advising on votes, providing thoughtful analysis
of legislation, and other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate should have at least 3 years of experience in a Congressional
office, and a thorough understanding of the Budget process as the candidate will
be staffing the Congressman on the Budget Committee. The candidate must be
highly motivated, organized, responsive, and able to work well within a team in a
collaborative environment. Georgia ties are a plus but not required.
Applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to GA03Jobs@gmail.com

MEM-259-23

The office of a conservative, mid-western Member of Congress seeks a
Communications Assistant to work in the DC office and help develop and
execute an effective communications strategy.
The ideal candidate is:
•innovative, confident, and detail-oriented,
•a strong and effective verbal and written communicator,
•capable of consistently producing high-quality work product,
•able to effectively communicate with a variety of audiences using social media
and other platforms,
•willing to work long hours, including some time on weekends, and under tight
deadlines,
•able to react to unanticipated circumstances requiring fast and effective
response,
•interested in political and government topics and news from a variety of sources,
•committed to contributing to a team dynamic based on respect, collaboration,
and transparency.
Job responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Page 25 of 27

•compiling and distributing daily press clips,
•producing content for social media and the official website,
•writing speeches, opinion editorials, talking points, press releases, and similar
content,
•preparing the Member for media opportunities and public appearances,
•photographing events, hearings, and other public functions,
•research to support communications activities,
•monitoring national, state, and local news for stories relevant for the office,
•assisting with all other communications-related tasks that are necessary to
execute a communications strategy.
This position is for someone early in their career with one to four years of
experience working in a professional setting with at least some exposure to
communications-related work.
Applicants must complete a writing sample as part of the interview process.
Interested applicants should email CommsApplicants@gmail.com with:
•a cover letter,
•resume,
•at least three professional references, and
•any relevant work samples (e.g. - writing, video, creative)
MEM-250-23

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full-time Staff Assistant in
her Washington, DC office.
The staff assistant will work closely with the chief of staff and the scheduler, and
responsibilities include managing the front office; driving the Member;
processing incoming mail, phone calls, and constituent requests including tours
and flags; managing the intern program; greeting visitors; providing
administrative support for the office including support for events; and other
duties assisting the staff and Member as assigned.
Applicants should be detail-oriented, proactive, able to exercise discretion, eager
to work in a fast-paced office, and willing to work flexible hours when the
Member is in DC. Strong communication, logistical, interpersonal, and
organizational skills are essential. Access to personal car preferred, although not
required. This role provides a unique entry level opportunity to work closely with
a senior Member of Congress.
Please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and two references
to CT03jobs@gmail.com with subject line “Staff Assistant Application.” No calls
or walk-ins, please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages all qualified
candidates to apply. Connecticut ties are a plus. This office requires all staff and

Page 26 of 27

interns to complete a full SARS-CoV2 vaccination course, regardless of recovery
from prior coronavirus illness, as a condition of employment.

Page 27 of 27

