Click each button to ﬁnd your next career opportunity!
Member and Committee O9ices

Internship Opportunities

Member and Committee Openings
Week of [October, 21, 2024]
MEM-442-24
Congressman Jason Crow (CO-06) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working Legislative
Assistant, based in our Washington, D.C. oAice. This position reports to the Legislative
Director. The LA will handle a domestic-facing portfolio, including animals, arts, postal,
small business, housing, and telecom.
Key duties include:
• Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio
of issue areas
• Working with external stakeholders, CRS, Legislative Counsel, and committee staA
to draft legislation based on the Member’s priorities
• Preparing and staAing the Member for meetings, and assisting in the drafting of
remarks, as needed
• Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Legislative Director, and
legislative, communications, and district teams on legislative updates
• Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communications skills and be
detail-oriented, organized, and creative. Other key qualities include:
• Commitment to a collaborative work environment
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage competing priorities
• Ability to communicate up and down within the team
• Ability to learn the Congressman’s voice and legislative priorities
• Interest in identifying and pursuing new opportunities and the ability to anticipate
and adapt to challenges
This oAice is committed to building a diverse and inclusive team: candidates of color,
women, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are encouraged to apply. This oAice is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital

status, or parental status. Colorado ties are a plus and prior Hill experience is preferred.
Compensation is competitive and commensurate with level of experience.
Qualiﬁed applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (no more
than 3 pages) as one combined PDF to co06.resumes@mail.house.gov. Include
“Legislative Assistant – [Full Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on
a rolling basis as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-438-24
District Director
(District O8ice)
O8ice of Congresswoman Jill Tokuda
SUMMARY:
Rep. Jill Tokuda is looking for a highly motivated individual to manage her Hawaii staA and
oversee operations and objectives to ensure community and constituent needs are met
fully and in a timely manner. This position develops outreach and constituent service
strategies, represents the Congresswoman in meetings and at events, supervises district
staA, and plans/assigns work. The ideal candidate would have supervisory experience and
leadership skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, and extremely strong written and
verbal communication skills. Attention to detail and ability to work collaboratively is
required.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Works with staA to put together the Congresswoman’s district schedule.
Ensures casework is being handled in a timely manner and that messages,
commendations, and correspondence are being delivered before deadlines. Proofs
documents sent out from the district oAice.
Oversees the annual congressional competitions for art & computer applications, as well
as the military academy nominations process.
Directly oversees district staA including ﬁeld representatives.
Maintains communication with the Congresswoman and the Chief of StaA, ensuring they
are abreast of local concerns and any Hawaii staA issues, suggests strategies for handling
when needed.
Candidates must be able to work a ﬂexible schedule, including occasional nights and
weekends. Interested candidates are requested to submit a cover letter, resume, and three
references to HI02jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-431-24
Congresswoman Alma Adams, member of the House Education and the Workforce
Committee, seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant to join her team. The policy

portfolio and areas of responsibility for this position is mostly focused on Education and
Workforce Committee work. The portfolio of work will include other issues however they
will be assigned based on experience and need.
This position reports to the Legislative Director and Chief of StaA and will include extensive
work with the Congresswoman and the rest of her team. Qualiﬁed candidates should have
knowledge of the legislative process and demonstrate an ability to take initiative.
Hill experience is required.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
1. Preparing and staAing Member for meetings, committee hearings and markups, ﬂoor
votes, and related events;
2. Representing Member in meetings with constituents and both national- and local-level
advocacy groups, think thanks, and other groups relevant to policy portfolio;
3. Tracking legislation and other developments in assigned issue area(s), monitor relevant
committee and ﬂoor activity, track developing local/international news events, make
recommendations for votes, cosponsor ships and letters for Member to sign;
4. Building and maintaining positive relationships with congressional staA, district and
national stakeholders, advocacy organizations, Executive Branch oAicials, and other key
stakeholders relevant to policy portfolio;
5. Building support for Member’s policy priorities and developing/implementing ideas for
new initiatives (legislation, letters, events, press, etc.)
6. Drafting legislation, letters, ﬂoor/committee remarks, talking points, press related
materials, and other written material related to policy portfolio; and
7. Other duties as assigned by senior staA.
The OAice of Representative Alma Adams is an equal opportunity employer, committed to
developing an organization that is reﬂective of and attentive to the needs of the diverse
community we serve. The oAice does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age,
religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to NC12.Resume@mail.hosue.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-425-24
The oAice of Rep. Greg Landsman seeks a highly motivated, energetic, and organized
individual to serve as a Legislative Correspondent, based in our DC oAice.
The LC reports to the Legislative Director and works in close collaboration with the
Member, Chief of StaA, and communications and district teams. The LC will manage the
Congressman’s constituent mail program and provide support to the full legislative team.

Key duties include:
Drafting tailored letters in response to constituent inquiries
Maintain and update current response letter library
Sorts/batches incoming constituent mail by issue area
Ensures accurate batching and a timely response to all constituents
Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups as needed
Communicating clearly and consistently with the Legislative Director, Chief of StaA, and
Member
Key qualities include:
Strong verbal and written communications skills and ability to communicate both up and
down within the team
Excellent organizational skills and ability to prioritize assignments
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and quickly respond to requests from the
Member and the team
Commitment to a collaborative work environment
Ability to quickly learn and adapt to the Congressman’s voice, style, and legislative
priorities
Comfort with receiving and delivering feedback
Attention to detail, creativity, and most of all, hustle.
Salary range is $50,000 - $55,000, commensurate with experience. Title commensurate
with experience.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Ohio ties are a plus. The
oAice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please
email jobs.landsman@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Correspondent” in the subject line
and the following application materials attached as one combined PDF:
Cover letter
Résumé
Brief writing sample
Two references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email, and a
one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not contact these
references without reaching out to you for your approval)
No phone calls or drop bys, please.

MEM-424-24

The oAice of Rep. Greg Landsman seeks a highly motivated, energetic, and detail-oriented
individual to serve as a Legislative Aide, based in our DC oAice.
The Legislative Aide reports to the Legislative Director and works in close collaboration with
the Member, Chief of StaA, and communications and district teams. Exact issue area
portfolio is ﬂexible, and applicants with backgrounds in any issue area are encouraged to
apply.
Key duties include:
Preparing and staAing the Member for meetings
Working with committee staA, external stakeholders, Legislative Counsel, and the
Congressional Research Service to draft legislation based on the Member’s priorities
Creating vote recommendations on legislation coming to the Floor within a given issue area
Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio of issue
areas
Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Chief of StaA, and legislative,
communications, and district teams on legislative updates
Overseeing special projects, that may include drafting letters of support, and researching
and advising local stakeholders on federal funding/grant opportunities
Key qualities include:
Strong verbal and written communications skills and ability to communicate both up and
down within the team
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and quickly respond to requests from the
Member and the team
Commitment to a collaborative work environment
Ability to quickly learn and adapt to the Congressman’s voice, style, and legislative
priorities
Comfort with receiving and delivering feedback
Attention to detail, creativity, and most of all, hustle
The salary for this position is $65,000.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Ohio ties are a plus. The
oAice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please email
jobs.landsman@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Aide” in the subject line and attach the
following application materials as one combined PDF:
Cover letter
Résumé

Two references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email, and a
one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not contact these
references without reaching out to you for your approval)
No phone calls or drop bys, please.

MEM-422-24
Background:
U.S. Rep. Max Miller (OH-07) seeks to hire a Legislative Correspondent for his
Washington, D.C. oAice in a full-time capacity.
Job Expectations:
The Legislative Correspondent will research legislative issues and draft correspondence to
explain the Member’s position to constituents and other stakeholders on a variety of public
policy matters. The Legislative Correspondent will also attend meetings with constituents
and provide support for Committee hearings and markups.
Salary Level/Range:
Dependent upon skills and experience.
Job Duties:
• Research legislative issues and draft correspondence to explain the Member's position
on public policy matters to constituents and other stakeholders
• Collaborate with the legislative staA to design and implement the Member's legislative
strategy
• Consult with the Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants to ensure the Member's
library of legislative letters are accurate, up to date, and reﬂective of the Member's policy
positions
• Create and maintain a collection of prepared responses to address general legislative
inquiries
• Draft and edit tailored responses to answer constituent inquiries
• Ensure that legislative responses are completed timely to maintain outstanding
constituent relations
• Attend legislative meetings with constituents to assist with Committee hearings and
markups
• Organize workload to prioritize tasks and ensure work is completed in an eAicient and
eAective manner
• Track legislation through committees, House ﬂoor, Senate, and conference committee
processes
• Coordinate with the legislative staA to act as a liaison with constituents, interest groups,
committees, and agency staA.
• Complete special projects as assigned by senior staA
Essential Skills:

• Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles; easily considers new
approaches.
• Attention to Detail: Performs work thoroughly and accurately; acts conscientiously when
attending to detail.
• Constituent / Stakeholder Service Driven: Anticipates and meets the needs of
constituents. Delivers high-quality products and services.
• Interpersonal Skills: Develops and maintains eAective relationships with others from
diverse backgrounds and in diAerent situations. Shows understanding, courtesy, tact,
empathy, and politeness.
• Verbal Communication: Makes clear and convincing oral presentations that are
appropriate to listeners and situations. Listens eAectively, attends to nonverbal cues, and
responds appropriately.
• Written Communication: Writes cogently and succinctly to convey information in the
most eAicient and eAective manner possible for use by the Member, other staA, and
stakeholders
Preferences:
• Bachelor's degree
• Demonstrated interest in public service
• Tie to Ohio
Applicant Instructions:
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume and cover letter to
MaxMillerOhioResumes@gmail.com with the speciﬁc subject line: “[Applicant name] –
Legislative Correspondent Application.” Resumes submitted by other means will not be
considered. Applicants who advance during the recruitment process will be required to
submit a writing sample, the topic of which will be provided by the oAice.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-415-24
JOB SUMMARY
The OAice of Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) seeks a dynamic and experienced
Communications Director to lead the development and implementation of
communication strategies that promote the Member's priorities and initiatives. The ideal
candidate will have a strong background in media relations, public aAairs, and strategic
messaging, as well as the ability to work collaboratively with legislative and district teams.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Develop and implement comprehensive communication strategies for the Member.
•Oversee media relations, including drafting press releases and managing inquiries.

•Coordinate communications eAorts with legislative initiatives.
•Craft speeches, op-eds, and other written materials.
•Manage social media presence and digital communications.
•Work closely with the Chief of StaA and Legislative Director to align messaging.
•Monitor and analyze media coverage of the Member and relevant issues.
•Serve as the primary spokesperson for the Member.
•Train and prepare the Member for public appearances and interviews.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Bachelor’s degree in Communications, Public Relations, or a related ﬁeld.
•5+ years of experience in communications, media relations, or public aAairs.
•Strong writing and editing skills with attention to detail.
•Experience working in a fast-paced political environment.
•Familiarity with social media platforms and digital communication strategies.
•Ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines eAectively.
•Strong interpersonal and team collaboration skills.
•Knowledge of current legislative issues and their impact on constituents.
•Familiarity with California and/or District 43 preferred.
SALARY
•Commensurate with experience.
APPLICANT INSTRUCTIONS:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and at least 3 references
to ellis.mcginnis@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the subject line.
Applications will be accepted until the position is ﬁlled. Incomplete applications may not
be considered. This oAice is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-410-24
CONGRESSIONAL STAFF: Full Time Constituent Services Representative
SUMMARY: The Constituent Services Representative position acts as a liaison to federal,
district, and local agencies for the Member/constituents and answers casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents. Candidates must be a selfstarter, excited to problem solve, hardworking, dependable, and organized as well as
possess strong oral and written communication skills. This position requires the ability to
work well under pressure, good judgment, strong customer service skills, and a
commitment to public service. Availability to work some evenings and weekends is
required. Ability to communicate in multiple languages is also highly desirable. A vehicle to
travel to evening and weekend events is also recommended.
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a cover letter and resume
to ny08team@gmail.com with the Subject Line: Constituent Services Representative
Position.

Women, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
• Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies;
• Handles casework assignments and special projects at the direction of the Director of
Constituent Services;
• Continually screens active cases/ constituent service requests and acts as a liaison
with constituents to ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
• Maintains up-to-date ﬁles on all cases and categories of information of importance to
the oAice;
• Attends and monitors scheduled district meetings on behalf of the Member with
constituents and groups during regular oAice hours, some evenings and weekends;
• Logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors & telephone calls;
• Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework and constituent concerns in Congressional Management System Database;
• Performs cross functional tasks with other departments, as needed.
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the oAice; Maintains a good
working relationship with the Member, staA, and constituents;
• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong customer service, oral and written communication skills;
• Familiarity with local, state and federal agencies; Strong knowledge of issues and
events in the district in which the Member is involved;
• Professional telephone manner and excellent customer and client service skills;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities;
• Knowledge of oAice policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge and proﬁciency in Microsoft oAice suite and other oAice computer
applications.

MEM-402-24
Constituent Advocate (District O8ice)
OAice of Congresswoman Jill Tokuda

Rep. Jill Tokuda is looking for an enthusiastic and highly motivated individual to join her
district staA in her Honolulu OAice. This position works with constituents who request
assistance and acts as a liaison to federal, state, and local agencies. The ideal candidate
would have strong customer service skills and the ability to write quickly and eAectively.
Attention to detail and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment is required.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Works with constituents who request assistance and maintains up-to-date ﬁles on
all cases.
• Manages casework through a constituent management system and handles cases
in a timely and responsible manner, which includes working with federal, state, and
local agencies.
• Answers phones, checks voicemail, and responds to calls or refers calls to
appropriate staA. Greets and assists visitors.
• Reviews, processes, and distributes mail.
• Prepares written responses to constituent inquiries and congratulatory messages.
Candidates must be able to work a ﬂexible schedule, including occasional nights and
weekends. Interested candidates are requested to submit a cover letter and resume to
hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-392-24
Congresswoman Emilia Sykes seeks a Communications Director to serve in their
Washington, D.C. oAice. Candidates must be proactive, possess superior written and oral
communication skills, and be able to execute a robust communications strategy. This is
not an entry-level position. Only candidates with prior political or legislative
communications experience will be considered.
Primary responsibilities:
•Creating and executing a robust communications plan;
•Establishing and maintaining relationships with Ohio, national, and D.C.-based media;
•Advancing press events and staAing the Member as needed, including occasional night
and weekend commitments;
•Drafting and distributing press releases, statements, and media advisories;
Creating, editing, and strategically placing op-eds;
•Overseeing the development of social media content creation, including rapid response;
•Managing a franked communications plan including text messages, e-newsletters, digital
ads, radio ads, 499s, mailers, etc;
•Pitching to reporters and producers, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the
main point-of-contact for media;
•Updating the website as needed;
•Managing the Press Secretary; and
•Performing other duties as assigned.

Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The oAice is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
The salary range for this position is $90,000-$100,000 based on experience.
To apply, please send a resume, three references, and two writing samples in one pdf to
JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: Full Name –
Communications Director.

MEM-382-24
The Military and Veterans A8airs Liaison is responsible for maintaining relationships with
veterans, military members, military installations and organizations, veterans organizations
and oAices, and other like entities within the district. Additionally, the liaison will be
responsible for all military and veterans related casework and lead the oAice’s service
academy nomination process.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
• Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned
issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents,
organizations, etc;
• Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal oAicials and other persons or groups to
form eAective relationships for the Member;
• Acts as a liaison to and notiﬁes the appropriate media when the Member will be in
the liaison’s area and works with the Member’s Scheduler and Press Secretary to
ensure appropriate media participation;
• Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Director of Constituent Services;
• Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
• Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district oAices;
• Assists with the handling of oAice matters such as logging incoming and outgoing
correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
• Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
• Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;

•
•

Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staA, and constituents;
Performs other duties as assigned.

EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
• Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
preferred;
• Previous oAice experience is preferred;
• Previous experience working for a Member of Congress, elected oAicial, or
government agency preferred;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the oAice;
• Accepts performance based criticism and directions;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
• Works a ﬂexible schedule including some nights and weekends;
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
• Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
• Professional telephone manner;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner;
• Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities;
• Knowledge of oAice policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge of oAice computer applications; and
• Proﬁciency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
• Work is mainly performed in an oAice environment;
• Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
• This job is primarily performed in-person
• This position will be in the District OAices of Congressman Max Miller (Medina and
Parma, Ohio)
Applicant Instructions:

All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume to
Raymond.Paoletta@mail.house.gov.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-135-24
PRESS SECRETARY- The OAice of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03) seeks an
experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. oAice. Candidates must be able to
manage media relations, press opportunities, and messaging for a senior member of
Congress. This role reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active relationships with
top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience will receive preferred
consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations, messaging,
and risk management.
•Advance press events and staA the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current relationships
with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the oAice’s larger communications
strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The OAice of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and
gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic
information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status,
military service, or other non-merit factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as
candidates from underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.

MEM-451-23
The OAice of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the House
Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an experienced policy
professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities including civil
rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of StaA and Communications Director the
Legislative Director will aim to ensure the Member’s strategic legislative vision is
implemented. This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate will have signiﬁcant
previous experience working in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staA focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports ﬂoor action to the Member and the Chief of StaA.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district oAice staA on
policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation aAecting the district, legislation
sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an original, lead cosponsor,
and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the oAice in the absence of the Chief of StaA.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-proﬁle Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights, women’s rights,
gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign aAairs strongly preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative processes.

•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience. Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2 references
to ellis.mcginnis@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director/Counsel” in the subject line.
This position will remain open until ﬁlled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered. This oAice is an equal opportunity
employer and will consider all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital
or parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national
origin.

Internship Openings
Week of [October, 21, 2024]
MEM-443-24
The oAice of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is now accepting applicants for Spring
2025 Congressional Internships in our Washington, DC oAice. Successful applicants will
be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work ethic, and interact well with
constituents. In addition, applicants should have a strong interest in the legislative process
and the function of Congress. A monthly stipend will be provided to individuals selected for
the internship.
Internship duties in the Washington, DC oAice may include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staA
• Attending congressional hearings and policy brieﬁngs
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House
• Helping the communications/press team
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Other projects as assigned by the staA
To apply, please email your resume to WisconsinResumes@mail.house.gov. Ties to the
state of Wisconsin are preferred, but not required.

MEM-441-24

The OAice of Congressman Jim Costa (CA-21) seeks a highly motivated and creative
Digital/Press Intern to join a fast-paced communications operation based in Rep. Costa’s
Washington, D.C. oAice for the Winter/Spring 2025 intern class.
This internship program prides itself on its educational aspects. Press interns will immerse
themselves in fast-paced press operations and learn the ins and outs of a congressional
communications shop. They will have an opportunity to learn and engage on various digital
platforms while learning how to connect people to policy.
Qualiﬁed candidates should have strong writing, editing, and digital skills to assist with
time-sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing
software, such as Adobe, Canva, and Photoshop. Candidates with experience in a press or
digital media role (including internships) are preferred but not required. California or
Central Valley ties are a plus. The intern will be under the supervision of the
Communications Director and Internship Coordinator.
Internship Responsibilities
• Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant with drafting social media
content, e-newsletters, targeted mailing, and website content.
• Edit photos and create engaging graphics in line with the Congressman’s brand.
• Clipping, editing, and compiling videos.
• Assist with the creation and maintenance of press lists.
• Compile daily press clips and reports about social media analytics.
• Other oAice tasks such as answering phones, drafting correspondence, conducting
tours, and other duties as required.
Internship Dates and Details:
Fall internships will start in early December 2024 and go until April 2025, with some
ﬂexibility. Interns are expected to work in compliance with the oAice's regular hours of
operation. Our oAice cannot accommodate remote or hybrid internships at this time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, November 15th.
Apply: Interested applicants should ﬁll out the internship application via our website:
Internships | Congressman Jim Costa (house.gov),
(https://costa.house.gov/services/internships) specifying in their application their desire to
be a press intern.
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. The OAice of Rep. Jim Costa is an equal opportunity
employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment.

Contact: Please reach out to our intern coordinator, Grant Menolascino, with any
questions regarding the application process at Grant.menolascino@mail.house.gov.

MEM-440-24
Congressman Josh Harder (CA-9) is seeking motivated legislative interns for the Spring
Session in his Washington, DC oAice. Interns will participate in the daily operations,
assisting with congressional hearings, writing memos, answering phones, sorting mail, and
supporting staA. Candidates should exhibit strong work ethic, attention to detail,
punctuality, and excellent writing skills. District ties are preferred but not required. This
paid internship provides valuable experience in government and politics. To apply, send
your resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample as a PDF
to Eli.Aguayo@mail.house.gov by COB on November 22nd, 2024.

MEM-439-24
The OAice of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking full-time interns to assist her
legislative team in Washington D.C. for Spring 2025. Candidates should be motivated,
ﬂexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning in January.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, assisting with the
constituent mail program, drafting memos, attending committee hearings and brieﬁngs,
giving tours, and assisting staA with projects in a wide array of issue areas. Candidates
should possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a
fast-paced environment, a team-player mentality, and a good sense of humor. Candidates
with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and one-page writing sample
to wildinterns@gmail.com with the subject line LASTNAME- Legislative Internship. Also
include policy areas of interest, desired start and end dates, and availability. Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis; deadline to apply is Friday, November 8th at 5pm. Late
applications will not be considered.

MEM-437-24
The OAice of Congressman Jim Costa (CA-21) seeks a highly motivated and
creative Digital/Press Intern to join a fast-paced communications operation based in Rep.
Costa’s Washington, D.C. oAice for the Winter/Spring 2025 intern class.
This internship program prides itself on its educational aspects. Press interns will immerse
themselves in fast-paced press operations and learn the ins and outs of a congressional
communications shop. They will have an opportunity to learn and engage on various digital
platforms while learning how to connect people to policy.
Qualiﬁed candidates should have strong writing, editing, and digital skills to assist with

time-sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing
software, such as Adobe, Canva, and Photoshop. Candidates with experience in a press or
digital media role (including internships) are preferred but not required. California or
Central Valley ties are a plus. The intern will be under the supervision of the
Communications Director and Internship Coordinator.
Internship Responsibilities
Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant with drafting social media
content, e-newsletters, targeted mailing, and website content.
Edit photos and create engaging graphics in line with the Congressman’s brand.
Clipping, editing, and compiling videos.
Assist with the creation and maintenance of press lists.
Compile daily press clips and reports about social media analytics.
Other oAice tasks such as answering phones, drafting correspondence, conducting tours,
and other duties as required.
Internship Dates and Details:
Fall internships will start in early December 2024 and go until April 2025, with some
ﬂexibility. Interns are expected to work in compliance with the oAice's regular hours of
operation. Our oAice cannot accommodate remote or hybrid internships at this time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, November 15th.
Apply: Interested applicants should ﬁll out the internship application via our website:
Internships | Congressman Jim Costa (house.gov), specifying in their application their
desire to be a press intern.
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. The OAice of Rep. Jim Costa is an equal opportunity
employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment.
Contact: Please reach out to our intern coordinator, Grant Menolascino, with any questions
regarding the application process at Grant.menolascino@mail.house.gov.

MEM-436-24
The OAice of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and
energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC for January-May. Please
indicate availability in the ﬁrst sentence of the cover letter.
Qualiﬁed applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple
tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns, drafting
constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative brieﬁngs, greeting

constituents and visitors when in the oAice, assisting staA with research and special
projects, tracking media coverage, and performing administrative duties.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional oAice.
To apply for an internship in the OAice of Congressman Cartwright, please submit an
application, including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample at the following
link: https://cartwright.house.gov/services/internships.htm.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-435-24
The Democratic Sta8 of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks qualiﬁed
undergrad students and recent graduates for Legislative Interns for the Spring 2025
session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give students a
thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process.
Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staA with administrative tasks
such as answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials for
staA and member brieﬁngs. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow staA at
hearings and markups, as well as attend brieﬁngs on subjects within the Committee’s
broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fast-paced
environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in particular, the
role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative process. Superior writing
and communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time
availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or age.
Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply. Interns will
receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to receive
credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample (two
pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your cover letter, please indicate
preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and whether you are available to work
full-time or part-time. Please put “Spring 2025 Legislative Intern Application” in the subject
line. The deadline for applications is November 15, 2024. Please no phone calls or dropins.

MEM-434-24
Congressman Emanuel Cleaver’s Washington, D.C. oAice is seeking spring interns from
January through May. Intern responsibilities vary daily but typically include sorting
constituent mail, answering the phones, attending hearings and brieﬁngs, leading tours,
drafting constituent response letters, and assisting the legislative staA. Qualiﬁed
candidates will have strong written and interpersonal skills, a positive work ethic, and the
ability to manage multiple tasks at once. The ideal candidate can work a full-time
schedule.
To apply, please submit a single PDF containing a cover letter with intended start and end
dates, a resume, and a writing sample to MO5internships@mail.house.gov. Applications
for the spring semester are due on Friday, November 1, by 11:59 pm.
The oAice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-433-24
Press Internship
The OAice of Representative Brad Schneider (D-IL-10) is now accepting applications for
Spring 2025 Press Interns in the Washington, D.C., oAice. This paid internship runs from
early January through late May and is open to both undergraduate and graduate students.
Hours are ﬂexible to accommodate academic schedules, with general hours from 9:00
a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not.
As a press intern, you will collaborate closely with the communications team to create
engaging graphics, edit videos, and draft social media content. You may also have the
opportunity to join staAers alongside the Congressman at events or during meetings to
capture pictures and draft content on-site. Additional responsibilities include some
legislative internship duties, such as answering constituent calls, leading Capitol tours,
and assisting with front oAice administrative tasks.
The ideal candidate is adaptable, detail-oriented, and thrives in a fast-paced, deadlinedriven environment. Strong writing skills are essential, as is the ability to communicate
eAectively with both internal and external stakeholders. Experience with graphic design
platforms like Canva, as well as photo and video editing software, is a plus.
Interested applicants should submit one PDF ﬁle containing a cover letter, resume, two
references, a 1–3-page writing sample, and one example of digital work (video, graphic, or
photo). These materials should be sent to Matthew.Rodriguez@mail.house.gov with the

subject line “Spring 2025 Press Internship Application – [Your Name]. Please submit your
application by 11:59 p.m. EST on November 12th, 2024.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are selected
for an interview. This oAice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate
based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identiﬁcation, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-432-24
The OAice of Representative Brad Schneider (D-IL-10) is now accepting applications for
Spring 2025 legislative interns in the Washington, D.C., oAice. This paid internship runs
from early January through late May and is open to both undergraduate and graduate
students. Hours are ﬂexible to accommodate academic schedules, with general hours
from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when
not.
As a legislative intern, you will play a key role in ensuring the smooth operation of the oAice
while gaining valuable experience working with the legislative team on policy matters. Your
responsibilities will include answering phones, managing errands, researching legislation
for the congressman and staA, attending hearings and brieﬁngs, leading Capitol tours, and
responding to constituent inquiries. This position provides a unique opportunity to gain
ﬁrst-hand experience in learning about the legislative process and the diverse functions of
a congressional oAice.
The ideal candidate is adaptable, detail-oriented, and thrives in a fast-paced, deadlinedriven environment. Strong writing skills and the ability to communicate eAectively with
both internal and external stakeholders are essential. Experience in a professional
environment and knowledge of basic congressional operations are a plus.
To apply for a legislative internship with Congressman Schneider, please complete the
internship application form on our website
(https://schneider.house.gov/students/internships) by 11:59 p.m. EST on November 12,
2024. If you have trouble accessing the application form or have any questions, please
email Matthew.Rodriguez@mail.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are selected for
an interview. This oAice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate based
on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identiﬁcation,
family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-430-24
The Washington, D.C. OAice of Congressman Ed Case (HI-01) is seeking motivated
candidates for a Spring 2025 semester internship.
Responsibilities Include:
• Answering phones and managing correspondence
• Leading constituent tours of the Capitol
• Conducting research on legislation for the Member and legislative staA
• Attending hearings and brieﬁngs
• Assisting with various oAice tasks
Interns will have the chance to engage directly with the legislative process and contribute
to the functions of a congressional oAice. Application Deadline: November 1, 2024
To Apply: Interested candidates should submit the following materials:
• Resume
• Cover letter (including interest in the internship, availability, and ties to Hawaii)
• Three references (academic and work-related)
• Two short writing samples (maximum of 5 pages)
For more information or to submit your application, please
email HI01.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-429-24
The House Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democratic StaA seeks a
motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to ﬁll a full-time digital media
and traditional press intern position this winter. The intern responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, written content creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other
press and administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe Premiere Pro,
Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling and interpreting social
media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment and
willingness to learn are a must. This position reports to the Communications Director.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To
apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-428-24
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of California,
seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Sacramento) oAices for the Spring
2025 term. Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process
ﬁrst-hand and the many functions of a Congressional oAice.

Intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data entry.
Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation for the Member
and legislative staA, attending brieﬁngs, hearings, and markups; and answering constituent
letters on various issues. Interns based in California may also be asked to assist on a
variety of constituent casework or in-district projects, as needed.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s oAicial website
and complete the application form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part
of the application, a cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to
California’s 7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a
rolling basis.

MEM-427-24
The Democratic StaA of the U.S. House Judiciary Committee, under the leadership of
Ranking Member Jerrold Nadler (NY-12), seeks legal interns for the Spring 2025 internship
program. This program oAers the opportunity to experience the operation of a
congressional committee ﬁrsthand and learn about the important role that our committee
plays in the legislative processes of the United States Congress.
The U.S. House Judiciary Committee has legislative and oversight jurisdiction across a wide
range of issues, including oversight of the U.S. Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of
Investigation, constitutional law, federal criminal law, voting rights, immigration and
naturalization, administrative law, intellectual property law, and antitrust law. Interns work
closely with committee staA, including subcommittee and oversight staA, on a range of
issues.
Intern assignments will vary depending on the work of the U.S. House Judiciary Committee
each semester. Examples of potential responsibilities include:
• Researching legal and policy issues under the committee’s jurisdiction;
• Tracking relevant legislation, hearings, brieﬁngs, and media;
• Drafting internal and external memoranda;
• Supporting oversight counsels in transcribed interviews and depositions;
• Supporting committee clerks and professional staA members during hearings and
markups; and
• Providing administrative support, including answering calls, delivering
correspondence, and preparing the committee’s hearing room.
The Democratic StaA of the U.S. House Judiciary Committee strives to ensure that our
internship class reﬂects the country’s diversity. Candidates from minority backgrounds are
strongly encouraged to apply. The committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender
identity), disability, age, or national origin.

The deadline for applications for the Spring 2025 session has been extended to October 30,
2024. This internship is based in Washington, DC and is open to qualiﬁed undergraduate,
graduate, and law students. Applications must be submitted at the following website:
https://democrats-judiciary.house.gov/about/internship-opportunities.htm.

MEM-426-24
Press Fellow
The OAice of Congressman Tim Kennedy (NY-26) is seeking a highly motivated Press
Fellow to work in the Washington, D.C. oAice for the Spring Session. Press Fellows are an
integral part of day-to-day operations and gain hands-on experience, including attending
brieﬁngs, meetings, press conferences, and networking events.
Press Fellows Responsibilities:
• Draft and edit press releases, statements, op-eds, and other communication
materials
• Compile press clips and monitor emerging news stories
• Maintain and update media contact lists and databases
• Prepare press reports for internal distribution
• Draft social media and contribute to digital strategy
• Edit videos, and design graphics and posters
• Support the communications team with administrative tasks and project
coordination
• Other duties as assigned
Skills and Qualiﬁcations:
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills
• Strong attention to detail and organizational abilities
• Ability to multitask and prioritize in a fast-paced environment
• Familiarity with social media platforms and digital communication tools
• Major in Communications, Journalism, or a related ﬁeld is a plus
• A proactive and collaborative attitude
• A sense of humor
Internship Details:
Spring internships will start in January and go until May, with some ﬂexibility. This is a paid
opportunity. Western New York ties are a plus, but not required. Please submit your
application to KennedyNY26.Press@mail.house.gov with the subject line “FULL NAME
Press Fellow Application,” with a resume, cover letter, and writing sample by COB
November 1, 2024. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity,
religion, national origin, age, disability, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and
encouraged to apply.

MEM-423-24
The OAice of Representative Donald Norcross (NJ-01) is seeking motivated candidates for
the Spring 2025 Internship program. Applications are considered on a rolling basis.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staA with legislative,
administrative, constituent relations, scheduling, and communications activities. Interns
will answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; attend hearings and
brieﬁngs; assist with legislative research; compile daily clips; and participate in
professional development activities.
Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and
professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
Interns receive a stipend. The spring internship will span early January to early May, but
start/end dates are ﬂexible based on semester schedule.
Please send a resume, cover letter, three professional references and a brief writing sample
to andrew.skurnik@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please. Applications will
be reviewed on a rolling basis and applicants are encouraged to apply early. Incomplete
applications will not be reviewed.
When emailing over your completed application materials, please include a resume, cover
letter. And 2-3 references in one combined PDF.

MEM-421-24
The Democratic StaA of the Committee on Rules is seeking full- and part-time, energetic
interns for the spring (January - May). Our interns work closely with Committee staA to
prepare materials for Committee meetings, conduct research projects, learn about the
Rules of the House and the various procedures for legislation to reach the House Floor, and
complete a variety of other administrative tasks. Ideal candidates have strong writing skills,
a good work ethic, an interest in learning about House ﬂoor procedures, and are detailoriented. Interns will gain experience in legislative analysis, political communications, and
institutional processes.
A stipend will be available for qualiﬁed candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. All oAers are conditional on completion of a federal criminal
background check. The oAice is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages
candidates from diverse backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.

Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line:
"Legislative Intern Spring 2025 – Last Name, First Name" explaining why you want to join
the Democratic staA of the House Rules Committee
to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov. Please apply by November 8, 2024.
Note: Students on quarter systems or with unusual schedules are still encouraged to
apply—please detail your particular situation in your cover letter.

MEM-420-24
Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Fall 2024 internship
program in her Washington, D.C. oAice.
Responsibilities: The oAice of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship program
intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates, and students
currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman DeLauro's oAice
combine administrative and legislative work. Interns are involved in all aspects of the oAice
including constituent services, correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to
providing general staA support.
Qualiﬁcations: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude. Interning in Congresswoman
DeLauro's oAice is a great opportunity to work in a highly active legislative oAice.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form (also located on
delauro.house.gov/services/internships), cover letter, resume, brief writing sample (1-2
pages), and two reference contacts in a single PDF ﬁle
to Lydia.McCarty@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring 2024 Internship” by
November 15.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such person’s
race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military, disability, or sexual
orientation.

MEM-418-24
Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C. oAice for
Spring 2024.
Ideal candidates are organized and passionate undergraduate students, graduate
students, or recent graduates with an interest in public service. They should be self-starters
with excellent writing and organizational skills.

Our oAice is an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, military status, sexual orientation,
or gender identity or expression. Special consideration will be given to candidates with New
Jersey ties and to those from backgrounds that are traditionally underrepresented in
Congress.
Key responsibilities of D.C. interns include:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front oAice operations
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing other
inquiries
• Legislative work: attending hearing and brieﬁngs, writing memos, composing cosponsor
recommendations, and drafting letters to be sent to constituents
• Organizing incoming mail
• Assisting with press clips and communications tasks
Applications are processed on a rolling basis, and candidates are encouraged to apply as
soon as possible. The internship will take place in-person from January to May. Preference
will be given to those with availability of at least 20 hours per week, and a stipend will be
provided.
To apply, please ﬁll out the application and submit a resume and cover letter through this
link: menendez.house.gov/services/internships. Please indicate your availability in your
cover letter and format the ﬁles [LastName_CoverLetter] and [LastName_Resume].

MEM-417-24
Rep. Troy Nehls (TX-22) Seeks full time Legislative and Press Interns for Spring 2025
Congressman Troy E. Nehls’ (TX-22) Washington, D.C oAice is currently seeking qualiﬁed
individuals who have a passion for federal policy and America First priorities to serve in his
Washington, D.C. oAice for the Spring of 2025. This internship provides students with a
ﬁrsthand understanding of our nation’s legislative process. Interns will contribute to the
daily operations of the oAice. Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors,
answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, attending brieﬁngs and hearings,
performing legislative research, and assisting both legislative and communications staA.
Those interested should send their resume and cover letter
to jacqueline.camuy@mail.house.gov with "Spring 2025 Internship" in the subject line.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis until November 2nd.
Texas ties are preferred.
Hours:

Full-time interns will work 9:00 AM to 5:00PM when out of session, 8:30 AM – 6:00 PM when
in session Monday through Friday in order to meet the full-time rate.
Stipend:
This is a paid internship. Please include availability, previous experience and information
about yourself and your education. Texas ties preferred.
Transportation Accommodations:
Interns will be able to use the Metro and will be reimbursed for their commutes to and from
the oAice

MEM-416-24
The OAice of Congresswoman Summer Lee is committed to investing in the next generation
of public leaders and citizen activists. Congressional internships oAer a comprehensive
learning opportunity to understand better how congressional oAices and the legislative
process work. Both in the Washington, DC, and District OAice, the internship program is
designed to be a learning experience in which students are exposed to various areas
including constituent services, scheduling, oAice administration, press and
communications, and legislative policy.
Typical duties will include answering phones, leading Capitol tours (Washington, D.C.based), researching legislation for the Member and legislative staA, attending hearings and
brieﬁngs, and answering constituent letters on a variety of issues. The ideal candidate for
this paid, part-time internship will be team-oriented and have strong written and verbal
communication skills.
Students and recent graduates who are interested in the legislative process are highly
encouraged to apply. The Congresswoman is on the Oversight and Accountability
Committee and the Space, Science, and Technology Committee. Ties to Pennsylvania’s
12th Congressional District are preferred, but not necessary.
All applicants should apply by November 15, 2024,
at: https://summerlee.house.gov/internships.

MEM-414-24
The OAice of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking interns for our
Washington, D.C. and Los Angeles oAices for the Spring 2025 term.
Our oAice values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial environment.
We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to grow. Interns will have
great opportunities to learn from oAice staA and network with others to make the most of
their time with our oAice!

Intern Expectations
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service; possess
excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and communication skills;
work well in a team environment; and have a general understanding of the US political
system.
Internship Responsibilities
Legislative interns can expect to:
· Answer phones and assist in correspondence with
constituents
· Greet constituents and oAice visitors
· Process tour requests and lead Capitol tours
· Handle mail
· Assist in processing casework
· Perform legislative research
· Work on other administrative tasks as directed
Press interns can expect to:
· Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant in drafting social media content
and other materials like press releases, website content, and newsletters
· Create graphic design posts for social media
· Compile daily press clips
· Edit video clips
· Maintain press lists
· Answer phones and assist in correspondence as needed.
In our DC oAice, you can apply to be EITHER a Legislative OR Press intern. In our Los
Angeles oAice, you will be a general oAice intern.
Internship Dates and Details:
Spring internships are slated to start early January and go until late April/early May, with
some ﬂexibility. Interns are expected to work in person in the oAice, Monday-Friday 9 a.m.5 p.m. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate remote or hybrid internships at this time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, November 22nd .
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter (in one
document) to:
· CA37.internships@mail.house.gov for DC oAice internship.
• Use the subject line “First name Last name [legislative] OR [press] – Spring 2025
internship”

· ca37.DOinternships@mail.house.gov for Los Angeles oAice internship
• Use the subject line “First name Last name – Spring 2025 Internship” in your email.
Please reach out our intern coordinator, Madilyn Brandon, with any questions
at Madilyn.Brandon@mail.house.gov.

MEM-413-24
Communications Interns assist the communications staA by compiling media clips,
drafting social media posts and press releases, creating digital content, answering phones,
inputting casework inquiries, and aiding the Congresswoman’s communications eAorts.
Experience working in communications is a plus.
Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can excel in a fastpaced environment. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication
skills, an eye for and ability to create engaging digital content, and a good sense of humor.
Ties to Washington State are preferred, but not required. Applicants are encouraged to
include any previous customer service experience (retail, food service, hospitality, etc.) on
their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and a
sample social media post with relevant written and visual components in a single PDF
document to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Spring Communications Internship[LAST NAME]” in the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship you
are applying for and your dates of availability.
The deadline for applications is Thursday, October 31, 2024, at 5 PM ET, but applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are incomplete or
submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This oAice is an Equal Employment Opportunity OAice and does not discriminate in
employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin, sexual
orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, military service, or other
non-merit factors. Individuals from underrepresented communities are encouraged to
apply. Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-412-24
Legislative Interns assist the legislative staA by preparing brieﬁng notes and memos,
researching legislation, tracking legislative activity, providing mail program support,
answering phones, inputting casework inquiries, attending hearings, and advancing the
Congresswoman’s legislative agenda.

Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can excel in a fastpaced environment. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication
skills, an ability to manage multiple short-term and stretch assignments, and a good sense
of humor. Ties to Washington State are preferred, but not required. Applicants are
encouraged to include any previous customer service experience (retail, food service,
hospitality, etc.) on their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample not to
exceed one page in length in a single PDF document to WA10resumes@gmail.com with
“DC Spring Legislative Internship-[LAST NAME]” in the subject line. Please indicate in the
cover letter which internship you are applying for and your dates of availability.
The deadline for applications is Thursday, October 31, 2024, at 5 PM ET, but applicants are
encouraged to submit their applications early. Applications that are incomplete or
submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This oAice is an Equal Employment Opportunity OAice and does not discriminate in
employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin, sexual
orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, military service, or other
non-merit factors. Individuals from underrepresented communities are encouraged to
apply. Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-409-24
Congresswoman Suzan DelBene, representing the 1st Congressional District of
Washington state, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Kirkland) oAices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional oAice, gaining valuable experience and
knowledge of the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls,
assisting staA with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with
constituent correspondence. Kirkland, WA interns will have the opportunity to attend
community events and tours with the Congresswoman and staA. Washington, D.C. interns
will have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
brieﬁngs for the legislative staA.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample (1 to 2 pages)
through our web form
here: https://airtable.com/appNK10LkiweHjE79/shrKQyVOSs0khwKCp. The deadline for
Spring 2025 internship applications is Friday, November 8th at 11:59 PM.

MEM-407-24

Job Opening: Spring DC Fellowship
Office: Congressman Shri Thanedar
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) is now accepting
applications for a legislative fellowship during the Spring 2025 term. This fellowship is a
great opportunity for individuals in professional programs who seek to gain an in-depth
legislative experience. This is a full-time, in-person position.
Fellows assist the legislative team with drafting legislation, assisting with stakeholder
meetings, and helping with committee assignments.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Performing Research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available resources)
• Attending meetings on behalf of the office
• Drafting talking points, proclamations, and various briefings
• Staffing the Congressman at various events
• Tracking and responding to constituent requests and letters
• Helping find legislative opportunities for sponsorship and co-sponsorship
• Performing tasks and duties as needed to help day to day activities of the office
Other duties will be based on the fellow's interests.
We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, research skills, and strong
writing skills. Start and end dates are flexible. MI-13 ties and research experience are
pluses. Must be in a program that sponsors your fellowship.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age. We strongly
encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and members of other underrepresented
communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample in one
combined document to HR.Thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name Spring DC Fellow Application.” The application deadline is November 15, 2024. No calls or
drop-ins, please.

MEM-406-24
Job Opening: Spring DC Internship
Office: Congressman Shri Thanedar
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) is now accepting
applications for press and legislative internships during the Spring 2025 term. This

internship is a great opportunity for individuals who seek to gain public service experience
and insight into Capitol Hill. This is a full-time, in-person position.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Answering phone calls
• Greeting office visitors
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Coordinating tour requests and leading tours of the Capitol
• Attending congressional briefings, hearings and other professional development events
• Drafting press releases to be posted on the website and social media accounts
• Researching legislation and writing cosponsor memos for the legislative team
• Assisting operations, communications, and legislative staffers with various tasks
Other duties will be based on the intern's interests.
We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, customer service skills, and
strong writing skills. Start and end dates are flexible. MI-13 ties and service industry
experience are pluses.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age. We strongly
encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and members of other underrepresented
communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample in one
combined document to HR.Thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name Spring DC Press or Legislative Intern Application.” The application deadline is November
15, 2024. No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-404-24
FERN HOLLAND INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS FELLOWSHIP
Congressman Moulton oAers a full-time, paid foreign policy fellowship in our
Washington, D.C. oAice. This opportunity is only open to candidates who are
currently Pell Grant-eligible or who were Pell Grant-eligible while pursuing
their bachelor's degree. Current undergraduate students, current graduate
students, and recent college graduates are welcome to apply, though
preference is given to graduate students. The fellow will work on assignments
on foreign policy and national security, in addition to some regularly assigned
intern responsibilities.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Conducting legislative research.
Taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings.

Organizing research from Members of Congress and outside organizations.
Writing brieﬁngs for the Congressman.
Drafting questions for House Armed Services Committee and Select
Committee on China hearings.
The full fellowship description can be found here.
APPLICATIONS:
Please email MA06.Resumes@mail.house.gov with your resume and cover
letter using the subject line: FHF: LAST NAME.
• If you are selected for an interview, a staA member will contact you
• Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis
• If selected, you will be required to submit a FAFSA form.
If you have any questions, please email Emerson Jacobson
(Emerson.Jacobson@mail.house.gov)

MEM-403-24
The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns
for Spring 2025 (beginning of February – end of May). Applicants must be
organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we seek candidates
who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources Committee’s
jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are eager to
learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research,
prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach,
and aid communications.
Preferred qualiﬁcations: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to
the needs and concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds,
and orientations. Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism,
economic and social inequality in the United States, and has a passion for
working to dismantle these systems.
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work inoAice when Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a
monthly stipend of $3,200 plus transit beneﬁts.
This oAice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national
origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual
orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law.
Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to
participate in the application or hiring process are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes.

The application deadline is close of business on October 25. Interested
candidates should apply by visiting the House Natural Resources Committee
Democrats website at
https://democratsnaturalresources.house.gov/internships.
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates
who are being actively considered for this position.

MEM-401-24
The oAice of Congressman Kevin Kiley is seeking full or part-time interns for
the FALL 2024 term. Position duties include attending Congressional
hearings, scheduling/leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail,
and assisting legislative staA with research.
Applicants should possess conservative values and hold strong written and
verbal communication skills. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume and availability. Please use
“Kevin Kiley Internship” in the subject line. Please send resumes to
Anthony.euceda@mail.house.gov

MEM-400-24
The Washington D.C. OAice of Representative Brad Sherman CA-32 will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Spring
Semester 2025.
Applications will be accepted October 1st, 2024 – November 8th, 2024.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front oAice operations;
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly
processing other inquiries;
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests;
• Day-to-day oAice work to assist with the functioning of the
congressional oAice and other duties as delegated by members of the
staA;
• Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and
drafting constituent letters;
• Attending hearings and brieﬁngs, as requested by senior staA;
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team;
• Other administrative tasks as assigned

•

As a result, interns will learn about the functions of a congressional
oAice, congressional communications, and the legislative process.

Ideal candidates should be a self-starter with strong attention to detail, the
ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of
humor. CA-32 ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
Applications should be sent in PDF format to brads.interns@mail.house.gov
with “CA-32 Spring 2025 Internship” in the subject line.
For more information on the internship please visit:
https://sherman.house.gov/contact/internships

MEM-398-24
Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C.,
oAice for the Winter/Spring 2025 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students,
graduate students, and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of
a Congressional oAice and the legislative process. Interns should have a
general understanding of the U.S. political system, value open
communication, be eager to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be
an educational experience. Internships are oAered for either academic credit
or a stipend. Internship applicants must be high school graduates. Current
students and recent graduates will be given ﬁrst priority for the internship
program.
Legislative intern responsibilities include:
• Attending committee hearings and congressional brieﬁngs,
• Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
• Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.

Press intern responsibilities include:
• Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press
Secretary in drafting and editing social media content, digital
graphics, and other digital materials,
• Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
• Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks,
as directed.
• Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic
familiarity with graphic design and video editing. Submission of a
sample graphic or similar communications work with your application
is strongly encouraged.
This oAice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of
our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover
letter, resume, three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf ﬁle,
with the ﬁle name including internship class, year, last name, and ﬁrst name
(i.e. Spring2025.Doe.Jane.pdf) to CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by
November 15, 2024.
Please specify whether you are applying for the press internship or the
legislative internship. Applicants with strong ties to the 49th District are given
preference.

MEM-397-24
Internships in the OAice of Congressman Tim Kennedy are available for the
fall, spring, and summer sessions for college students and recent graduates.
Students will gain invaluable experience working for a member of Congress
alongside congressional staA. Hours can be ﬂexible to accommodate
academic schedules.
In Washington, D.C. and the BuAalo District OAice, intern responsibilities
vary, but typically include answering phones, administrative duties,
legislative research, attending hearings, meetings, and brieﬁngs, drafting
correspondence, letters, and Congressional Extensions of Remarks, and

assisting with media monitoring. In addition, interns may be assigned to
assist in various constituent casework or assist with district-based projects.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional oAice.
To apply for an internship, please email
<<ny26internapplication@kennedyny26.com>> with the subject line [Name],
[DC or District Intern], and [Session (Spring, Summer, Fall)]. Please include a
resume, cover letter, and three references as attachments. Applications will
be reviewed on a rolling basis, and you will be notiﬁed if and when the
position has been ﬁlled.
We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation,
religion, national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and
encouraged to apply.

MEM-396-24
The oAice of Congressman Kevin Hern (OK-01) seeks motivated and teamoriented Interns to assist with various oAice duties based in his Washington,
D.C. oAice for the 2025 Spring Term (January – April/May). Internships are
intended to current undergraduate students, recent college graduates, and
students currently enrolled in graduate school.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering constituent phone
calls, taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings, conducting tours of the Capitol,
drafting correspondence letters, assembling press and news clips, and
assisting staA with other research and administrative duties.
Ideal candidates have a strong interest in public policy, demonstrated
responsibility, respectable personal conduct, and are committed to serving
the constituents of Oklahoma’s 1st Congressional District with the utmost
diligence.
Interested candidates should visit
https://hern.house.gov/services/internship.htm for application instructions.
Application Deadline: November 20th by 5pm CST
Start Date: January

MEM-394-24

The District OAice of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY,
will be accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Spring
Semester 2025.
Applications will be accepted September 30th, 2024 – November 1st, 2024.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Completing constituent calls
• Writing letters, certiﬁcates, and proclamations
• Day-to-day oAice work
• Interacting with members of staA in the Rochester oAice and virtually
in the D.C. oAice
• Other duties delegated by members of staA including various
constituent case work or work on District-based projects of
importance
As a result, interns will learn about the functions of a congressional oAice,
congressional communications, and the legislative process.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, strong
attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a
good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
Applications should be sent in PDF format to Eric.Gros@mail.house.gov with
“NY-25 Spring 2025 District Internship” in the subject line.
The deadline for this internship application is November 1st, 2024, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Interview
requests will be sent out following the November 1st deadline.
For more information on the district internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships

MEM-393-24
The OAice of Congresswoman Kim Schrier (WA-08) is seeking interns in its
Issaquah and Washington, D.C. oAices for spring 2025.

Applicants should be eager to learn more about the legislative process and
want to be part of a hardworking team dedicated to serving Washington’s 8th
Congressional District. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional oAice,
gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
In Washington, D.C., intern responsibilities will include greeting constituents,
answering constituent phone calls, supporting staA with administrative
tasks, conducting legislative research, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and other miscellaneous tasks as assigned. Interns in
Washington, D.C. also have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol,
as well as attend brieﬁngs for the legislative staA.
In the District oAice, interns will assist with a variety of tasks, including dayto-day oAice work such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting
with media clips. District oAice interns may also help with constituent
casework or other District-based projects of importance.
Qualiﬁcations
Ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, and a strong interest in public
service. In addition, the ability to multi-task and work with a team are a plus.
Washington state ties are a plus, but not required.
Starting and ending dates are ﬂexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 20 hours per week during business hours.
Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an
interest in public service. Stipends or academic credit are available.
Please apply by November 15, 2024, at 11:59 p.m. ET.
Please be prepared to submit a cover letter, resume, three references and
relevant information at https://schrier.house.gov/services/internships. If you
have issues with this form, please email relevant application materials to
DistrictInternshipsWA08@mail.house.gov.

MEM-391-24
Representative Jim Baird (IN-4) is seeking internship applicants for Spring
2025 in his Washington, DC oAice. This is a paid, in-person, invaluable
opportunity to experience the legislative process hands-on through a wide
range of tasks and responsibilities providing support with oAice
administration, communications, and legislative work.

Responsibilities may include answering phones, greeting oAice visitors,
sorting mail, conducting legislative research, attending hearings and
brieﬁngs, giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, assisting communications staA
with press releases and social media, and drafting constituent letters.
The ideal candidate should have strong oral and written communication
skills, be detail oriented, motivated, and ﬂexible, and address all work with a
positive attitude.
Prior constituent or customer service experience, a demonstrated interest in
public service, and District/Indiana ties are preferred.
The internship will run from early January to mid-May and can be full-time or
part-time to accommodate educational commitments.
Interested applicants should apply and upload a resume through the website
at: https://baird.house.gov/services/internships.htm.
Any questions can be directed to baird.intern@mail.house.gov.

MEM-390-24
Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are
passionate, driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his
Salem oAice and Washington D.C. oAice. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college
graduates. Interns receive a stipend distributed based on total hours worked.
D.C. RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front
desk.
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail.
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman.
•Taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings.
•Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting
legislative research.
DISTRICT RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front
desk.

•Assisting the Casework Team on a variety of casework requests involving
federal agencies.
•Taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting
legislative research and attending community events.
APPLICATIONS
Applicants can ﬁnd more information on the internship portal
at moulton.house.gov under the ‘Services’ tab. All applications are due on
November 10th, 2024, and will be reviewed after the application period
closes.
If you have trouble accessing the application form above or have other
questions, please email Emerson Jacobson
(Emerson.Jacobson@mail.house.gov.)

MEM-388-24
The oAice of Congressman Tom McClintock is seeking full or part-time
interns. Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings,
scheduling/leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and
assisting legislative staA with research.
Applicants should possess conservative values and hold strong written and
verbal communication skills. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com. Please use “McClintock Internship”
in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-384-24
The Washington, D.C. OAice of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is
seeking interns for the spring of 2025. This is an in-person opportunity with
limited hybrid hours possible. A majority of the program is spent in the oAice.
This position oAers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and
fast-paced oAice. Internships are oAered on a full-time and part-time basis,
and stipends are oAered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred.
Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are
ﬂexible. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualiﬁcations:

· Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
· Strong communications and writing skills.
· Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
· Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
· Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
· Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other
forms of outreach.
· Attend virtual brieﬁngs and track virtual hearings.
· Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
· Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following
materials on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
· Resume.
· Cover letter.
· Three references.
About OAice of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

