________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 21, 2022

MEM-567-22

Representative Spanberger seeks a Staff Assistant for her Prince William
County, Virginia district office.
Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized, detailoriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal skills, and be eager to
join a mission-oriented team that thrives in a fast-paced environment. Candidates
must demonstrate excellent “people skills” and a strong commitment to providing
outstanding constituent service.
The ideal candidate should: be able to think on their feet and be a problem solver;
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multi-task; demonstrate excellent
oral and written skills; maintain a positive demeanor and demonstrate resilience
in a busy environment. Spanish fluency preferred, but not required.
Primary responsibilities include managing the front office including answering
and tallying telephone calls, greeting visitors, monitoring office deliveries,
distributing hard and electronic mail, drafting office briefs, and other
administrative duties. The Staff Assistant may also assist with constituent
services and manage special projects as needed. Starting salary is $50,000
annually. Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer.

Page 1 of 17

The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information,
disability, or uniformed service.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (3 pages or less)
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. Applications accepted through December 1, 2022.
MEM-566-22

Legislative Assistant
Senior Democratic member of the House Science, Space, and Technology
Committee seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle the office’s SST committee
portfolio.
Ideal candidates will have previous congressional experience and a strong
understanding of the legislative process. Excellent writing skills, attention to
detail, and the ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment are required.
Some key responsibilities of the position include:
• staffing and preparing the member for hearings, markups, and relevant briefings
• writing legislative memos, talking points and floor statements
• drafting legislation, agency letters, and supporting materials
• working with the committee staff and stakeholders to advance the member’s
priorities
• representing the member in meetings and other engagements with constituents,
stakeholders, and state/federal government agencies
This is not an entry level-position. Additional legislative responsibilities will be
assigned based on a candidate’s experience/interest and office needs. This office
is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual
orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates from
diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample in a single PDF
document to ca07jobs@gmail.com with “SST Legislative Assistant - DC” in the
subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-565-22

Congressman Dean Phillips (MN-03) seeks an enthusiastic and organized
Legislative Director for his Washington, D.C. office.
The Legislative Director advises the Congressman and Chiefs of Staff on all
legislative matters. This position is responsible for creating a policy strategy,
responding quickly to current events, and leading a team of legislative staff.
Duties include preparing and staffing the Member for events, monitoring the
House floor, drafting legislation, sending vote recommendations, and supporting
the professional development of all junior legislative staff.
Page 2 of 17

Ideal candidates will have strong relationships on the Hill with Democrats and
Republicans, the ability to work effectively as part of a team in a fast-paced
environment, and a track record of solving problems and turning legislative ideas
into a reality. This is not an entry-level position. Extensive legislative experience
is required, along with a recent and applicable managerial experience. Salary is
commensurate with experience. Minnesota ties are a plus.
The Office of Rep. Dean Phillips is an equal opportunity employer committed to
building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Interested
candidates should submit their resume and a cover letter
to Phillips.Resumes@mail.house.gov with "Legislative
Director_FirstName_LastName” in the subject line by November 27th, 2022
MEM-563-22

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) seeks an organized and
highly motivated Legislative Correspondent with excellent written and oral
communication skills for her Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include managing the Member’s constituent correspondence
program, responding to incoming mail in the Member’s voice in a timely manner,
researching and drafting correspondence in collaboration with the legislative and
communications team, maintaining and analyzing the constituent database with
complete and current information, and supporting the execution of a variety of
constituent-facing projects.
This position also offers the opportunity to develop and manage a legislative
portfolio, commensurate with experience. The ideal candidate will have prior Hill
experience, excellent attention to detail, a strong work ethic, impeccable
organizational skills, the ability to stay calm in stressful situations, superb
communication skills, and be able to work seamlessly in a team-oriented
environment. Ties to Delaware are a plus.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and candidates from diverse and
underrepresented backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and one writing sample
to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Legislative Correspondent” in the subject
line by COB Monday, December 5th.
No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.

MEM-560-22

Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (D-IL), a member of the House Permanent
Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Oversight Committee (Chairman
of the Subcommittee on Economic and Consumer Policy and Member of the
Coronavirus Subcommittee) seeks a hardworking Legislative Director to oversee
his policy team and legislative agenda. This is not an entry-level position and
Page 3 of 17

previous policy and Capitol Hill experience is required. The person in this role
will also have a legislative portfolio of domestic policy issues, including
workforce development, tax, finance, small business, and labor.
Required Experience and Qualifications
• Works quickly under pressure and manages time efficiently
• Is creative and has an entrepreneurial spirit
• Possesses strong written and verbal communications skills
• 5+ years of congressional, policy, or political experience (Capitol Hill
experience strongly preferred)
• Policy experience in domestic policy issues a plus
• Knowledge of or ties to Illinois a plus
Responsibilities
• Develop a legislative strategy in close consultation with the Member and Chief
of Staff
• Manages a legislative team of 4-5 staff
• Works closely with the communications team and helps influence the successful
messaging of legislative issues
• Coordinates the preparation of legislative and policy memos, hearings, and
Town Halls
• Handles a portfolio of legislative issues, which may be tailored to the
candidate’s expertise
• Occasionally assists with the creation and execution of events in the District and
in DC
• Regularly monitors activity on the House Floor and the Member’s committees
• Builds relationships with district and national stakeholders and advocacy
organizations
• Takes constituent and advocacy group meetings as necessary
TO APPLY: Email a cover letter and resume to il08careers@gmail.com with the
subline, “Legislative Director: [Your Full Name]”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to
apply.
MEM-556-22

SUMMARY:
Representative Seth Moulton (D-MA) is hiring a hard-working, dynamic, and
team-oriented Senior Legislative Assistant for his Congressional Office.
Qualified individuals should have an educational background in science or
economics. Salary is commensurate with experience and competitive with similar
public service jobs.
Page 4 of 17

Responsible for:
○Long-term and short-term legislative planning for the Member and for ensuring
progress on the Member's domestic legislative goals within the Legislative
Assistant’s portfolio
○Writing and developing a range of high-quality written materials, including
policy reports and policy memos
○Tracking policy proposals and implementation in assigned issue areas
○Providing necessary organization, supervision, leadership, and motivation to
manage the legislative staff
○Facilitating policy engagements and preparing the Member for high-quality
policy discussions
○Representing the Member externally by attending policy briefings and meetings
○Recommending strategies and tactics on bills and positions
○Recommending co-sponsorships of legislation to the Member
○Providing the Member with support in building and maintaining positive
relationships with other Members, and with constituents and external
stakeholders
○Carrying out additional duties as required.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A bachelor’s degree is required and advanced degrees are preferred. A minimum
of 2 years of experience on Capitol Hill in domestic policy and/or other
legislative experience is preferred. Depending on professional experience, the
candidate may be eligible to start as Senior Legislative Assistant.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
○Ability to find creative solutions to problems, build and motivate a strong team,
and build effective partnerships
○Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner
TO APPLY:
Please provide a resume and cover letter to ma06.resumes@mail.house.gov, with
the subject line “Legislative Assistant” by Monday, November 21, 2022.
MEM-555-22

Congressman Dan Kildee seeks a full-time legislative assistant in Washington,
D.C.
The legislative assistant will primarily handle health care and Social Security for
an active Member of the Ways and Means Committee and House Democratic
Leadership, along with other legislative issues including veterans.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging and include preparing for and staffing
committee hearings, drafting legislation and amendments, writing talking points
and memorandums, and interacting with key constituent groups and stakeholders.
Applicants should have a demonstrated passion for health care policy and
Page 5 of 17

Congress.
Applicants must be willing to work on a team, bring an entrepreneurial spirit to a
fast-paced office, previously demonstrated pro-active initiative, and possess a
desire to continually learn. Applicants must work well under pressure, have
excellent written and oral communication skills and demonstrate leadership
capabilities. The position requires strategic thinking and the ability to work
independently as well as within a team.
This is not an entry-level position. A minimum of two to three years of
experience is required. Applicants with Michigan or Midwest ties are a plus.
Compensation is commensurate with experience.
This office is an equal opportunity employer, committed to developing an
organization that is reflective of the district that we serve. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and a writing sample
to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-554-22

Representative Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks Communications Director for a
frontline office. This position is responsible for guiding Rep. Levin’s
communications operation, formulating and delivering his message, and
managing a second communications staffer.
Key tasks include:
•Managing local and national press relationships
•Considering newsworthy actions by the Member that should be pitched to local
press and executing pitches to strategically chosen reporters
•Responding to all press inquiries and interview requests in a timely manner
•Scheduling print and television interviews for Rep. Levin
•Drafting and sending press releases on Rep. Levin’s actions, priorities, and the
issues of the day
•Formulating weekly and long-term communications plans
•Overseeing social media post development
•Updating the Member’s website with press releases, issue pages, and more
•Managing a comprehensive franked mail program
•Leading the development process of talking points for the Member’s speeches,
interviews, and events in both DC and California
•Authoring, pitching, and publishing op-eds
•Closely monitoring the news and flagging relevant press and clips for Rep.
Levin
Key skills and knowledge include:
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
Page 6 of 17

•Capacity to create strong content on short notice
•Creative communications instincts
•Strong, independent judgment and discretion
•Thorough knowledge of social media accounts and tools including basic graphic
design
•Knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and procedures
•Knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and a list
of three references to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees
and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-550-22

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public.
The Policy Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
Page 7 of 17

are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player. This is
not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-548-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai’i - 01) is seeking a Staff Assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities run the range of assisting the legislative, constituent services and
administrative functions of the office, to include: monitoring, processing and
responding to constituent mail and other communications, managing constituent
tours and other needs, and coordinating DC and district office issues. As needed
and depending on capability, the position also encompasses legislative duties.
Direct report is to the Chief of Staff although the Congressman is routinely
involved in all aspects of his office operations.
Strong preference given to (1) prior Capitol Hill experience and (2) Hawai’i
background, and applicants are asked to detail these attributes. The position also
requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work
independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills,
and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “DC Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-547-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a community-minded
individual with strong Hawai‘i roots to serve as Constituent Services Assistant
for his Honolulu office.
The ideal candidate has diverse experience working in the community to address
a wide range of statewide and local issues with a strong track record of advocacy
for the people of Hawai‘i. The position is responsible for assisting the
Congressman to address requests for assistance from individual constituents and
organizations, primarily but not exclusively with a wide range of federal
government programs and activities.
Duties include but are not limited to dealing directly with constituents and federal
state and local agencies and organizations. The position also includes interaction
with the Congressman’s D.C. office on related legislative and administrative
matters, as well as representing the Congressman at community events, such as
neighborhood board meetings, and otherwise assisting with the range of activities
Page 8 of 17

in the Congressman’s office. Direct report to the Deputy Chief of Staff in the
Honolulu office. Although the position may also interact directly with the
Congressman and his Washington, D.C. office from time to time. The ideal
candidate is an individual who is seeking to live and work in the community that
this position is designed to serve.
Strong preference given to: (1) prior experience especially in comparable duties
including customer service or social work; (2) Hawai‘i background/community
involvement; (3) experience evaluating, synthesizing and articulating issues in a
thoughtful and respectful manner in support of constituents’ needs and the
Congressman’s initiatives; and (4) extensive knowledge of a broad range of
community resources and services from which to draw on when addressing
constituent requests. Applicants are asked to detail these attributes in their cover
letter and resume.
The position also requires an interest in government and in assisting others,
initiative, interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and
effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve problems, orientation to
detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and long and
sometimes unpredictable hours.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Constituent Services
Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-546-22

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced and well-organized Scheduler for the Representative’s Washington,
D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
● Developing, coordinating, and managing all aspects of the Representative’s
daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the district, as well as tracking,
evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests;
● Coordinating all travel for the Representative and her staff and other logistical
support tasks as required;
● Working closely with and supporting the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of
Staff/District Director, Legislative Director and Communications Director to
ensure smooth daily schedules and operations.
The ideal candidate will be:
● Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
● A hard worker with excellent attention to detail;
● Adept at juggling complex schedules, competing priorities;
● Able to anticipate problems, seek solutions, and effectively communicate them
to the Representative and her staff;
● Able to work long hours, including some nights and weekends;
● Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
Page 9 of 17

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and
references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-544-22

OUTREACH DIRECTOR
Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03), seeks a hard working, proactive, strategicallyminded Outreach Director to oversee his outreach team and activities on the
ground in New Jersey’s Third Congressional District (Burlington, Mercer &
Monmouth Counties, effective January 2023). This is not an entry-level position
and previous political, outreach, event-planning and management experience is
required.
The ideal applicant will be a team player, have a demonstrated ability to manage
and mentor staff, think strategically, and have experience in formulating and
executing successful meetings and events on a wide variety of topics. Successful
applicants will work well under pressure, have excellent organization and
communications skills, and have good working knowledge of the district
including key leaders & stakeholders, employers, and constituent groups. This
senior staff position reports to the District Director, Chief of Staff and the
Congressman.
RESPONSIBILITIES
• Executes short and long-term strategic planning
• Manages the outreach team and all activities on the ground in NJ03 including,
but not limited to, monthly town halls, roundtables, meetings, events and
proactive work in the community
• Monitors community events & activities identifies opportunities for engagement
• Coordinates activities and outreach with the casework, grants and policy teams
to maximize impact
• Builds relationships with district and national stakeholders and advocacy
organizations
• Takes constituent and advocacy group meetings as necessary
• Coordinates the preparation of event memos, staffing plans and post staff
follow-up
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:
• 4+ years of political, legislative and/or organizing experience
• 2+ years management experience
• Knowledge of or ties to New Jersey’s Third Congressional District are required
Page 10 of 17

• Ability to commit occasional night and weekend hours to staff the member or
attend events
TO APPLY: Email a cover letter, resume, and 2-3 references
to NJ03Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Outreach Director:
[Your Full Name]” Please no unsolicited drop-ins, phone calls, or emails to the
office.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: November 25, 2022 at 6pm EST
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
MEM-543-22

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas), Chair of the Ways & Means Health
Subcommittee seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant to assist with his
health care work and other to be determined issues.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Hill or other policy or
political experience strongly preferred, as well as a law or graduate degree. Texas
ties a plus.
Send cover letter, resume, brief writing sample, and three work supervisor
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use this title on your email:
“Experienced LA Applicant” -- No drop-ins please.

MEM-541-22

Senior House Democrat seeks a Senior Legislative Assistant and Counsel for
the Member’s personal office to staff a portfolio of legislative issues and to serve
as council for the office. The duties include providing legal or equivalent service
in an agency or private sector employer, advice concerning the full range of
legislative issues and with compliance issues.
The ideal applicant will have a law degree, bar membership and a strong policy
background. Previous Capitol Hill legislative experience strongly preferred. The
position requires clear, concise legal analysis as well as the political acumen to
work closely and collaboratively with constituent, labor and public interest
organizations.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to Legalcongress24@yahoo.com

MEM-540-22

Legislative Assistant:
Democratic House Member seeks to hire mid-level to senior Legislative Assistant
for the Washington D.C. office.

Page 11 of 17

The office seeks an experienced staffer that can manage a portfolio of domestic
issues.
A successful candidate will have excellent writing and communication skills, a
solid understanding of the legislative process, and a proven ability to work
effectively with a congressional legislative team. Press and communications
experience is also a plus, but not required.
Responsibilities include monitoring and drafting legislation, representing the
Member in meetings/briefings, collaborating with constituent organizations,
preparing materials for committee hearings and markups, and other tasks and
assignments as needed.
Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to congressjob2022@gmail.com
MEM-533-22

DIGITAL DIRECTOR / PRESS SECRETARY – Congressman Mark Pocan
(WI-02), member of both the House Appropriations and Education & Labor
Committees, is seeking a highly motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic
individual with experience in digital media strategy and video editing for a
Digital Director/Press Secretary position.
Daily tasks include managing and creating content for member’s social media
platforms and website; graphic design; video filming and editing; daily press
clips; managing in-district media relations; drafting releases, newsletters and
advisories; and organizing press events. The ideal candidate will be creative, have
a strong proficiency in crafting digital content, experience coordinating with
media, and be a detail-oriented team player able to handle multiple tasks at once.
Excellent writing and strong organizational skills are essential, along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Capitol Hill
experience is a plus, but not required. A sense of humor is greatly appreciated,
and the position reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples,
and an example of previous digital media or graphic design projects
to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Digital Director/Press Secretary” in the
subject line. Job opening closes COB on Wednesday, November 23rd. No phone
calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.

Page 12 of 17

MEM-531-22

California Democrat seeks Communications Director to develop and implement
a strategic and aggressive communications plan involving local, national, and
specialty media.
Responsibilities include managing day-to-day press operations, working closely
with legislative and district staff in planning press conferences and in-district
events, and drafting and editing speeches, press advisories, releases, op-eds, enewsletters and franked mailings. Additional duties include managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website, and responding to press
inquiries.
Ideal candidates have strong political and messaging instincts, and are proactive,
detailed-oriented storytellers who work well under tight deadlines in a fast-paced
environment. They have a deep interest and enthusiasm for closely following the
local and national news cycles, have a deep sense of duty to public service, and
are available to work long hours and weekends when necessary.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, three writing samples of
one page or less, samples of digital media and graphic design projects, and three
references with “COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR” in the subject line
to ca20.jobs@mail.house.gov
The office offers student loan repayment, paid vacation, and sick leave, in
addition to other benefits that include health care and retirement.
This office is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of
all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-530-22

The Raleigh District Office of Congresswoman Deborah Ross is hiring a fulltime Staff Assistant.
The position is available to qualified candidates with an undergraduate degree.
The position starts December 1, 2022 (negotiable). Employees are expected to
work from 9:00am to 5:30pm with evenings and weekends assigned as needed.
An ideal candidate will have strong written and oral communication skills, be
organized with strong attention to detail, will exercise emotional and social
intelligence at all times, and will take initiative. Employees regularly deal with
sensitive information and must exercise discretion. A valid driver’s license and
available car are required for the position. Candidates are subject to a background
check and online presence check.
Duties include:
● Constituent services (assisting with casework, communicating with constituents
Page 13 of 17

as a representative of the office)
● Office administration (answering phones, processing mail, greeting guests in
the office)
● Staffing duties (driving and accompanying Congresswoman Ross to various
events)
● Other duties as assigned
This opportunity is without regard to race, gender, religion, sexual orientation,
national origin, ethnicity, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any
other characteristic prohibited by state or local law.
Salary: Based on experience
Location: Raleigh District Office of Congresswoman Deborah Ross 300
Fayetteville Street
Raleigh, NC 27602
How to Apply: Please submit your resume and a cover letter
to Ross.Applications@mail.house.gov.
MEM-522-22

Senior Republican House Member seeks an Executive Assistant/Scheduler for
DC office.
The ideal candidate will have prior scheduling experience on the Hill or a
comparable work environment. This person should be well-organized, detailoriented, self-motivated, and able to work effectively in a fast-paced office. The
Executive Assistant/Scheduler will handle all incoming scheduling requests and
strategically manage the daily and long-term schedule to ensure efficient and
seamless operations.
Applicants should have a strong work ethic, ability to manage competing
demands, excellent time management and organization skills, and ability to thrive
in a fast-paced environment. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Please send cover letter and resume to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov

MEM-519-22

SCHEDULER – Congressman Don Beyer (VA-08), Chair of the Joint Economic
Committee, is seeking a diligent, detail-orientated individual with excellent oral
and written communications skills for a scheduler position in the Washington,
DC office. Discretion and sound judgment are critical.
Daily tasks include managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedule; coordinating travel and managing logistics for events; evaluating and
organizing all incoming meeting and event requests; communicating key
information regarding the Member’s schedule to staff; and working closely with
staff to ensure smooth daily office operations.

Page 14 of 17

This position requires candidates with proven experience in administrative roles,
knowledge of the Congressional work setting, and comfort working closely with
staff on a deadline. Previous Capitol Hill or scheduling experience is strongly
preferred; this is not an entry level position.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing
sample to Beyerstaff@gmail.com with “Scheduler” in the Subject Line. No
phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation.
MEM-518-22

The Democratic staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a Staff Assistant.
Candidates should have excellent organizational skills and strong research,
writing, and communication skills.
Responsibilities include overseeing Committee hearing and markup logistics -which often include being physically present; serving as assistant clerk during
markups; providing administrative and research support to the Staff Director,
Deputy Staff Director/Senior Advisor, and Deputy Staff Director/Chief Counsel;
coordinating the Deputy Staff Director/Chief Counsel’s calendar and the
Committee’s calendar; co-managing the intern program; and managing
Committee administrative needs.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and include
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-513-22

The office of Congressman Clay Higgins (LA-03) seeks a highly motivated
Legislative Assistant to focus on a portfolio of education, healthcare,
immigration, and trade.
Job Responsibilities and Related Duties:
•Tracks legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas, briefs the
Member for floor and committee work, coordinates with Communication
Department to draft floor speeches for the Member, and plans and coordinates cosponsorships and support of other legislation related to assigned issue areas;
•Formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas including planning,
coordinating, and scheduling the introduction of legislation, gathering support for
a bill or amendment; working with committees on legislation and coordinating
Page 15 of 17

legislative support to get the bill passed in the [Senate/House];
•Responsible for assigned caucuses, including attending meetings, compiling
information, and briefing the Member on pertinent information;
•Works with Scheduler, Legislative Director, Chief of Staff, and District Director
to plan district events related to assigned issue areas;
•Meets with constituents and interest groups related to assigned issue areas and
completes meeting notes for each meeting.
•Other duties as assigned.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least two years of
Capitol Hill experience, and excellent writing and communication skills.
Qualified candidates should email their resume and cover letter with the subject
line “Legislative Assistant” to: Lalegstaffposition@gmail.com
No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-510-22

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing
financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume of financial
disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress and their staff
through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral
communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the
sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of
the following areas is desirable: government ethics, ethics counseling,
accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation, corporate finance, and
securities law. The salary range for this position is $130,441 and $138,856.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-462-22

The Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC) seeks a Policy
Advisor to manage the Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing
effective legislative strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing
the Caucus as point of contact on all policy engagements, working with
Members’ staff to advance legislative proposals, developing materials to support
the goals and mission of the Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally
within the House of Representatives and externally to the public.
Page 16 of 17

The Policy Advisor’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CAPAC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CAPAC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CAPAC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CAPAC policy liaisons
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CAPAC’s policy priorities
and familiarity working with the Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific
Islander community. Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound
political judgment, and the ability to work closely and collaboratively with
multiple Member offices and key stakeholders are essential.
Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability to multitask, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player. This is not an
entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of
House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to congressional.apa.caucus@gmail.com. No walk-ins or calls please.

Page 17 of 17

