________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 27, 2024

MEM-211-24

Staff Assistant / Legislative Correspondent / Driver (Rep. Jayapal)
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks a highly
organized, passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent/Driver for the Representative’s Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Executing a robust correspondence program to quickly address constituent
requests, concerns, and questions;
●Driving the Congresswoman to and from events during regular office hours and
when needed, after hours;
●Managing front office operations, greeting visitors and organizing tours and
other constituent services;
●Supporting the Chief of Staff and Deputy Chief of Staff with personnel,
technology, and financial management duties;
●Providing administrative support across the D.C. and District offices, as well as
the Congressional Progressive Caucus;
●Managing the Washington, D.C. internship and fellows program; and
●Other special projects as required.
The ideal candidate will be:
●Willing and able to work long and often irregular hours;
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●An expert with spreadsheets, numbers, and forms, with strong attention to
Page 1 of 18

detail;
●Excellent writing and verbal communication skills;
●A licensed driver with a clean driving record and a four-door car in good
condition;
●Poised, no-drama, and level-headed, with a sense of humor; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and
references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Staff
Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
MEM-210-24

Job Opportunity in the Office of Rep. Mike Flood (NE-1) Position: Legislative
Assistant
The primary responsibilities of the Legislative Assistant are to develop and plan
legislative initiatives, advise the Member on legislative issues within his/her area
of professional expertise, and take meetings with interested parties who have an
interest in those issues. The Legislative Assistant will also monitor all legislative
and policy developments within their assigned issue area and report to the
Legislative Director on those developments. The Legislative Assistant’s portfolio
covers a broad array of issues, primarily covering healthcare, homeland security,
immigration, judiciary and veterans’ issues.
The Legislative Assistant reports to the Legislative Director. Typical
responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
•Working with the Member and staff to formulate positions on assigned
legislative and oversight issues, including technical analysis of pending
legislation.
•Analyzing legislative developments on specific issues, recommending strategies
and tactics on bills and amendments, and maintaining up-to-date status reports on
all legislation relating to specific issues.
•Advising and assisting the Member during House floor debate, including
preparing floor statements, talking points, and rebuttals to opposing arguments.
•Drafting and marking up bills and amendments relating to specific issues.
•Obtaining and distributing documents and legislative materials requested by
members of
the public and interest groups.
•Acting as a liaison with Committees, House and Senate staff, government
Page 2 of 18

agencies, and
outside groups.
•Performing special projects assigned by Legislative Director.
•In conjunction with the Legislative Director, approve responses to constituent
correspondence in regards to the Member’s policy positions or legislative
activity.
The requirements for this position are:
•Position is based in the Washington, DC official office. Regular, predictable
attendance at the office required for performance of duties.
•Ability to communicate effectively with the Member and staff, members of the
public, representatives from other offices, and outside organizations.
•Ability to represent the Member in person, including speaking on behalf of the
Member and participating in legislative strategy and policy discussions.
•Work is public-facing and requires frequent interaction with the Member and
staff, Member of Congress and their staffs, Committees, government agencies,
and outside groups.
• Ability to work effectively with other members of the legislative team.
•Ability to work long and unpredictable hours, sometimes on weekends and
holidays
under special circumstances, as needed.
•Travels as necessary for performance of duties.
•Ability to prioritize and perform duties under pressure in a fast-paced
environment.
•Regularly use typical office equipment, software programs, and methods
of communication, including, for example, a computer, email, telephone,
smartphone, photocopier, fax machine, etc.
Individuals interested in applying for this position should send their resume
to FloodHiring@mail.house.gov
MEM-209-24

Rep. Robert C. “Bobby” Scott is seeking a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent to join his Washington D.C. office. This role is responsible for
managing the front office operations, managing the constituent mail program, and
other administrative and legislative duties as assigned. Candidates should have
excellent organizational, writing, and communication skills. Starting salary:
$50,000.00.
Essential Job Functions:
• Manages front office operations including greeting and screening visitors,
answering and screening telephone calls for the Member and staff, screens and
manages mail, and responds to constituent requests for information
• Trains interns to answer phones, greet visitors, and use the Intranet Quorum
(IQ) system
• Processes incoming mail and drafts both form letters, individual responses to
Page 3 of 18

mail, and identifies casework
• Coordinates with the Communications Director and Legislative Director on
ideas for new letters, e-Newsletters, and provides information as needed
• Handle legislative portfolio as assigned by the Legislative Director
• Performs other duties as assigned
Applicants with ties to the 3rd Congressional District of Virginia are strongly
encouraged to apply. Hill experience and proficiency in Intranet Quorum (IQ)
also preferred. This is a full-time position with benefits including the Student
Loan Repayment Program.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Materials
will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Please email a cover letter, resumé, and one brief writing sample in a single PDF
to jobs.va03@mail.house.gov - with subject line [Full Name - SA/LC].
MEM-208-24

Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) – a member of the Bipartisan Task Force
on Artificial Intelligence and author of the My Body, My Data Act – is seeking a
Legislative Assistant to cover artificial intelligence, emerging technologies, and
privacy, among other domestic policy portfolios.
Responsibilities will include tracking, developing, and drafting legislation;
liaising with stakeholders and constituents; assisting the communications team on
external-facing materials; and briefing and staffing Congresswoman Jacobs for
relevant meetings and events.
Ideal candidates will enjoy challenging conventional wisdom; possess excellent
research, writing, and communication skills; work well under pressure; be able to
manage and prioritize competing assignments; and collaborate with the full
legislative team and colleagues in the Washington, D.C. and San Diego offices.
This is not an entry-level position and will often require working outside of
traditional work hours. Qualified candidates should send their resume and cover
letter combined into one pdf to: SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Legislative Assistant” by Friday, June 7 at 6pm ET.
The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs is an equal opportunity employer that
does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. People of color, women, LGBTQ+
individuals, and military veterans are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 4 of 18

The base salary for this role is $70,000, though the final salary, title, and portfolio
will be commensurate with experience.
MEM-207-24

A conservative Midwest Member of Congress has an immediate need to hire an
experienced full-time Legislative Director in the Washington, D.C. office.
Interested candidates are encouraged to email their resume, cover letter, and
references to ConservativeRep@mail.house.gov. Please use ‘Legislative
Director’ as the subject line, and in the body of the email, please indicate where
you found this job description.
Responsibilities:
This Legislative Director plays an essential leadership role in the office. This
position works closely with the Chief of Staff in assisting with the formulation of
the Member’s policy and legislative strategy. The Legislative Director will also
work with the Communications Director to ensure that the Member’s legislative
strategy is incorporated into the office’s communications plan. Additionally, the
Legislative Director may also manage and oversee the performance of the
legislative team.
Preferred Qualifications (not a comprehensive list)
•Prior Legislative Director Experience
•Capitol Hill experience
•Great writer
•Management Experience
•Proficient at Microsoft suite
•Detail oriented
•Multitasker

MEM-206-24

The Office of Congressman Jimmy Panetta (CA-19) seeks candidates for an open
Director of Operations position.
Prior experience with scheduling for a Member of Congress or scheduling for a
political campaign is preferred, but scheduling for a similar organization will be
considered. Ideal candidates possess attention to detail, ability to handle a fastpaced environment, and strong communication and organizational skills.
Responsibilities include maintaining Member’s daily and long-term schedule in
Washington, working with stakeholders to balance the Member’s time, evaluating
incoming meeting requests and invitations, coordinating domestic and
international travel arrangements, and performing other administrative and
operational duties. This office is an equal opportunity employer.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF document to
with “Director of Operations” as the subject line to CA19.Jobs@mail.house.gov.

Page 5 of 18

MEM-205-24

SUMMARY:
Representative Seth Moulton seeks a Special Assistant in DC. The primary
function of the Special Assistant is to ensure the Member arrives at all
engagements in a timely manner and with the briefing and background materials
needed to be successful.
Duties include executing a briefing memo process, briefing the Member on the
purpose and goal of each meeting, communicating the Member’s movements
with the team, managing personal and official correspondence, tracking important
relationships, facilitating media appearances, and additional assistance to the
Scheduler and Member as necessary. Access to a vehicle and willingness to work
nights and non-traditional hours is required. The ideal candidate is detailoriented, able to manage multiple competing tasks and solve problems with
professionalism and discretion.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A bachelor’s degree is preferred. Experience on Capitol Hill, and/or other work
experience is beneficial.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Superb organizational skills
*Ability to find creative solutions to problems
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner
TO APPLY:
Please provide a resume and cover letter to ma06.resumes@mail.house.gov, with
the subject line “Special Assistant” by June 5, 2024

MEM-204-24

The Office of Congresswoman Terri A. Sewell (AL-07) is seeking a creative and
motivated Grants Coordinator to manage and grow the office’s grants program.
This position is based in Alabama’s 7th Congressional District.
RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO:
•Serving as the representative for the Congresswoman on grant-related matters,
including answering correspondence, occasionally speaking at events, and
meeting with constituents and stakeholders about grant opportunities.
•Tracking federal, state, and philanthropic grant awards to the district and
keeping stakeholders apprised of new grant opportunities and resources.
•Drafting and submitting grant support letters on behalf of the Congresswoman.
•Logging all incoming and outgoing support letters and grant research in the
office database (IQ).
•Informing the Congresswoman, District Director, and Chief of Staff of all grantrelated developments by tracking funding announcements by federal agency,
monitoring district media sources, and maintaining relationships with stakeholder
Page 6 of 18

groups and agency officials.
•Drafting and publishing the Guide to Grants, our monthly newsletter containing
a comprehensive list of all current federal, state, local, and philanthropic grant
announcements available to entities in the 7th District.
•Planning and orchestrating Grant Workshops on key federal grant programs for
the purpose of educating and preparing entities across the district for their grant
applications.
•Collaborates with the press team on creating fact sheets, press statements, and
social media posts on grant opportunities and award announcements in the
district.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
One to two years of grant writing, grants administration, non-profit, government,
or legislative experience preferred. Previous experience working for an elected
official, university, or nonprofit is a plus.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong written and oral communication skills. Ability to think strategically and
creatively.
•Knowledge of the grants process and an ability to help organizations with grant
procurement.
•Demonstrated ability to maintain stakeholder lists and disseminate information
efficiently and effectively.
•Ability to work collaboratively with others and communicate with a variety of
personalities in a professional manner.
•Willingness to work evenings, weekends, and irregular hours.
•Ability to accept performance-based constructive criticism and direction.
Salary dependent on relevant experience. The office is an equal opportunity
employer. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, email a PDF copy of your resume, two writing samples (500 words or
less), and three professional references to AL07.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“Full Name - Grants Coordinator” in the subject line.
MEM-202-24

Office: Congressman Kevin Kiley
Webpage: https://kiley.house.gov/
Classification: Caseworker Location: Rocklin, CA
Congressman Kevin Kiley's District Office has an immediate need to hire one
full- time Caseworker. We are looking for a highly motivated and organized
individual to join our high-energy team.
Basic Functions and Duties:
Working closely with the District Director and District Representatives, the
Caseworker acts as a liaison to federal government entities and agencies on
behalf of the Member's constituents. The Caseworker is responsible for assessing
Page 7 of 18

casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or Congressional
oversight.
The Caseworker will:
*Serve as a liaison with federal government for individual constituent concerns.
*Maintain constituent casework in assigned areas of expertise.
*Monitor and update the Member and District Director on casework trends.
*Prepare and manage incoming and outgoing casework in assigned areas of
expertise.
*Maintain accurate and complete files on all assigned casework matters.
*Monitor, screen, and refer cases, when appropriate, to other government entities.
Requirements:
*Strong written and verbal communication skills.
*Computer software skills, Microsoft Office, Outlook, Google Drive, Constituent
Management Systems.
*Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities.
*Constituent service oriented; patient, empathetic, and desire to help constituents.
*Ability to work well with a team to effectively and creatively solve problems for
constituents.
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with Congressional District 3 is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline:
Salary range is $45,000-$51,000. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until positions are filled.
Submit a resume to:
Chelyssa Horvat
District Director, Office of Congressman Kevin Kiley 916-724-2575
Chelyssa.Horvat@mail.house.gov
MEM-201-24

Congresswoman Chellie Pingree is seeking a Communications Director to
oversee all media activities for her office.
This includes developing and implementing the Congresswoman's
communications strategy and serving as the official spokesperson. The ideal
candidate will have excellent writing skills, proficiency with all major social
media platforms, familiarity with video editing and graphics programs, and the
ability to work well under pressure in a collaborative team environment. The
expected salary range for the position is $90,000- $100,000 and the position can
be based in Portland, ME or Washington, D.C.

Page 8 of 18

The Office of Congresswoman Chellie Pingree is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Interested applicants should send a pdf of their resume and cover letter
to Pingree.resume@mail.house.gov
MEM-200-24

A conservative Midwest Member of Congress has an immediate need to hire an
experienced full-time Legislative Assistant with a background in agriculture in
the Washington, D.C. office.
Interested candidates are encouraged to email their resume, cover letter, and
references to ConservativeRep@mail.house.gov. Please use ‘Legislative
Assistant’ as the subject line, and in the body of the email, please indicate where
you found this job description.
Responsibilities:
This Legislative Assistant will serve as the Member's primary expert on
agriculture issues, as well as some other issue areas which will be assigned at the
time of employment. This position will work closely with the Legislative Director
and Chief of Staff to develop and execute a coordinated legislative strategy for
the Member. This position also prepares the Member for Committee hearings and
markups and attends meetings with constituents, visitors, and other groups.
Preferred Qualifications (not a comprehensive list)
•Agriculture background
•Capitol Hill experience
•Great writer
•Proficient at Microsoft suite
•Detail oriented
•Multitasker

MEM-199-24

A conservative Midwest Member of Congress has an immediate need to hire an
experienced media relations professional to serve as the office’s Communications
Director. This full-time position is based in the Washington, D.C., office.
Interested candidates are encouraged to email their resume, two to three writing
samples, and references to ConservativeRep@mail.house.gov. Please use
‘Communications Director’ as the subject line, and in the body of the email,
please indicate where you found this job description.
Responsibilities:
The Communications Director serves as the Member’s primary communications
and media strategist. They work closely with the Chief of Staff, Legislative
Director, and District Director to develop and execute a coordinated plan to
inform the media on issues that are important to the Member and oversee day-today press operations.
Page 9 of 18

Preferred Qualifications (not a comprehensive list)
•Excellent writer
•Organized multitasker
•Capitol Hill experience
•Digital experience (Adobe suite/Canva)
•Digital townhall experience
•Experience booking national TV/Radio interviews
MEM-198-24

District Scheduler – The district office of Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks
a hard-working, highly organized individual to serve as district scheduler for the
Member of Congress.
This position primarily entails planning and managing the Congressman’s daily
and long-term schedule in the district, organizing the Member’s daily briefing
materials, tracking and responding to meeting requests and invitations, and
coordinating with district, DC, and Committee staff.
Other responsibilities include community outreach, writing constituent letters of
recognition, drafting congressional records and citations, representing the
Congressman at community and governmental events, special projects, as well as
various administrative duties.
Candidates should possess excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written
communication skills, great attention to detail, and the ability to prioritize and
multi-task, and must exercise discretion and enjoy working with the public. Prior
experience with office scheduling in government, the non-profit sector or
community and grassroots organizing is preferred. This position is based in Long
Branch, NJ. Applicants must have a valid driver’s license.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and references by
email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-196-24

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic Staff) seeks
an Oversight Counsel to manage oversight and investigations.
Responsibilities include serving as a resource on matters of law and policy;
assisting with official Committee meetings; conducting and monitoring existing
investigations, including doing intake and review of documents; taking
depositions; conducting interviews; and preparing reports on committee
investigations.
Applicants must have a J.D. and at least 1-3 years of experience conducting
investigations. Experience in policy areas in the committee’s jurisdiction is not a
requirement, but is preferred. The salary range is $85K - $110K, commensurate
with education and experience.
Page 10 of 18

To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Oversight Counsel" in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-194-24

Outreach Assistant – North Counties (Whatcom, Skagit, and San Juan Counties)
U.S. Rep. Rick Larsen
Bellingham Office
Summary:
The Outreach Assistant – North Counties (Whatcom, Skagit, and San Juan
Counties) position serves as one of Rep. Larsen’s community liaisons to the
counties in the northern portion of Washington’s Second Congressional District.
This position was created following the 2020 Census redistricting process, which
expanded the district to include all of Whatcom and Skagit counties.
As part of our district outreach team, the primary role of this position is to
coordinate issues involving the federal government with officials from federal,
state and local governments, as well as constituents, businesses, organized labor
and other organizations. The Outreach Assistant – North Counties staffer is
expected to develop relationships with our district stakeholders to learn the
details of projects and policy concerns and to respond to their interests in federal
policy development.
In addition to covering the northern geographic areas of the district, this position
also emphasizes policy issues relating to flood mitigation and response,
agriculture, environmental protection, and the U.S.-Canada border, among others.
Furthermore, this position will track federal grant opportunities and help share
this information with district stakeholders.
The Outreach Assistant – North Counties position is based in Rep. Larsen’s
Bellingham, WA office and reports directly to the District Director under the
supervision of the Community Liaison for Whatcom, Skagit and San Juan
counties. Together, the district staff works in harmony with the staff in
Washington, D.C., and all staff members report to the Chief of Staff.
Essential job functions include:
•Serve as an official representative for Rep. Larsen at meetings, forums and
public events
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents, businesses, labor, non-profit
organizations, federal agencies, local government, and other stakeholders in WA02’s north counties
Page 11 of 18

•Travel regularly throughout the district to monitor local issues, projects and
activities
•Work with Washington D.C.-based staff on federal policy development and
interpretation for local stakeholders
•Plan Rep. Larsen’s district schedule and coordinate related events
•Communicate with constituents, including answering phone calls, emails, and
mail
•Track federal grant and funding opportunities for district communities and
stakeholders
Required skills and knowledge:
•Strong understanding of Whatcom and Skagit counties and experience with
outreach activities working with government, cultural communities, the business
community, organized labor and local stakeholder groups
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent thinking while working as part of
a team on sensitive projects and issues
•Strong writing ability
•Flexibility to work nights and weekends
•Valid driver’s license and vehicle
•Comfort discussing issues with groups both small and large, including public
speaking
This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working, cohesive, and
dynamic team with a common mission of making a difference in the lives of
others. The ideal candidate is a bilingual English and Spanish speaker, selfmotivated, great at multi-tasking, has great interpersonal skills with a teamworkoriented attitude, and a strong desire to help people.
This is a full-time position with federal benefits such as health care, the Federal
Employees Retirement System, Student Loan Repayment Program,
vacation/annual leave, paid sick and parental leave, and others.
The annual salary for this position depends on relevant experience and ranges
from $45,000 - $55,000.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender
identity, or disability. We are committed to building and maintaining an
organization that reflects the needs and diverse community we serve.
Application Process:
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to ryan.casey@mail.house.gov or:
Office of U.S. Rep. Rick Larsen
C/O Ryan Casey
District Director
Page 12 of 18

2930 Wetmore Avenue, Ste. 9F
Everett, WA 9820
MEM-193-24

Rep. Ryan Seeks Military Legislative Assistant
U.S. Representative Pat Ryan (NY-18), a Member of the House Armed Services
Committee, seeks a Military Legislative Assistant in his Washington, DC office.
The ideal candidate would have direct legislative experience handling issues
related to defense and national security. Responsibilities include spearheading all
House Armed Services Committee work, staffing the Member, monitoring
committee and floor activities, advancing legislative initiatives, representing the
office at events and in meetings, and assisting with management of a Department
of Defense fellow.
Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communication skills, be highly
organized, and have the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. This is not
an entry level position. Hudson Valley ties and experience with the national
security authorization process are a plus. The salary range is $65,000 to $80,000
commensurate with experience. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and three references
in a single pdf to NY18Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject “Full Name –
MLA Application.”
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.

MEM-191-24

The office of Congressman Dan Goldman seeks a Legislative Assistant to cover
a policy portfolio that will include Healthcare, Financial Services/Tax, Labor,
Agriculture/Nutrition, Social Security, Tech, Vet Affairs, Small Business, and
may include Criminal Justice and other issues.
Responsibilities include identifying and developing new areas for legislative
action; monitoring developments in relevant legislation on the floor and within
committees; briefing and staffing the member for meetings with stakeholders;
helping staff the member on relevant issues at the Committee on Oversight and
Accountability and the Committee on Homeland Security, meeting with
stakeholders both with and without the Representative; collaborating with District
staff to advocate for federal projects, local needs, and initiatives, etc.
We are proudly an office that is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, military status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

Page 13 of 18

This is not an entry-level position and relevant experience is required. Special
consideration will be given to candidates with ties to NY-10 and those who speak
a second language so please include this information in your cover letter. The
salary is $60,000-$68,000, commensurate with experience.
To apply please send a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample as one PDF
to jobs.goldman@mail.house.gov with “Full Name – Legislative Assistant” as the
subject line.
MEM-180-24

Congressman Steven Horsford’s District Office is seeking to hire a full-time
District Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team.
Job Summary:
Under the supervision of the District Director, the District Representative acts as
the representative for the Member. District Representative responsibilities include
strengthening relationships with key stakeholders, as well as attending
engagements on behalf of the Member. Caseworker responsibilities include
helping constituents resolve problems with federal agencies through written and
verbal communication.
Responsibilities:
Outreach Responsibilities:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals.
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities.
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders.
•Organize and participate in community events, town halls, and outreach
campaigns to engage constituents.
Casework Responsibilities:
•Act as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility,
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies.
•Handle casework assignments and assess casework for problems requiring
legislative action, making recommendations to the District Director and Chief of
Staff.
•Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents.
Communications and Professionalism:
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents.
•Accept performance-based criticism and directions.
•Work well under pressure and handle stress.
•Work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
•Perform other duties as assigned.
Page 14 of 18

Requirements:
•Political knowledge and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer
service manners; public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional
nights, weekends and some holidays.
Benefits:
•Comprehensive health insurance coverage, including medical, dental, and vision
plans.
•Paid annual and sick leave.
•Thrift Savings Plan Retirement program.
•Student Loan Repayment.
•Health and Wellness programs.
•Transit Benefits.
•House Professional Development programs.
•Employee purchasing/government discounts
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with District 4 community is preferred.
Application Instructions:
This is a full-time position based in the North Las Vegas district office. Salary is
competitive and commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, individuals
with disabilities, and veteran
are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples
(no longer than two pages) and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with "District Representative,” [Last Name,
First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-155-24

DIGITAL DIRECTOR OR PRESS SECRETARY
Rep. Tokuda (HI-02) seeks an energetic person to join her communications team
in her Washington, D.C. office. This individual will work closely with the
Communications Director who works in Honolulu. Candidates must have
experience in digital media and video editing and will be responsible for
managing multiple digital media accounts. This position will also assist with
press releases and inquiries, speeches, and mass communications.
Essential Skills Include:
•Strong writing and editing skills with attention to detail
•Creative graphic production
Page 15 of 18

•Ability to multi-task and work quickly under pressure
•Patience, flexibility, and a sense of humor
Candidate must also be able to work occasionally on weekends and evenings.
Interested parties should email a cover letter, resume, writing sample, sample
social media posts, and two references to Hawaii02jobs@gmail.com
MEM-135-24

PRESS SECRETARY- The Office of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03)
seeks an experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates
must be able to manage media relations, press opportunities, and messaging for a
senior member of Congress. This role reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active
relationships with top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience
will receive preferred consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations,
messaging, and risk management.
•Advance press events and staff the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current
relationships with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the office’s larger
communications strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who
does not discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex
(including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation,
marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee
organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit
factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as candidates from
underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.

Page 16 of 18

MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
Page 17 of 18

•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Page 18 of 18

