________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 29, 2024

MEM-183-24

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel is responsible for reviewing and
certifying a large volume of Financial Disclosure Reports, providing legal advice
on financial disclosure related matters, providing education and training to
Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person
meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate sensitive matters that arise before the
Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable:
government ethics, ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment
management, taxation, corporate finance, and securities law. The salary range for
this position is $136,780 and $145,604 per annum.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-182-24

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking a Legislative
Assistant to handle a broad portfolio centered around health, seniors, Social
Page 1 of 24

Security, reproductive justice, women’s rights, and environmental issues. The
ideal candidate will possess strong strategic thinking, planning and execution
skills. Additionally, candidates should have strong oral and written
communication skills and the ability to work well in a fast-paced work
environment.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Advancing current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
building support, legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials,
such as speeches, policy memos, and factsheets;
●Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for relevant committee hearing and
markups, including drafting hearing remarks and questions, preparing
amendments and talking points;
●Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
●Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and
Committee offices; and
●Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
●3 - 5 years of relevant experience including policy development and analysis;
issue advocacy; and strategic planning;
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●Excellent writing and time management skills;
●Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
appropriate for the office;
●Previous Hill experience strongly preferred;
●Poised, level-headed, flexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.
Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
references in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Assistant: [Applicant’s First and Last Name]” in the subject line. No calls or
drop-ins please.
MEM-181-24

Congressman Steven Horsford is seeking a highly motivated and dedicated
individual to serve as District Director for his North Las Vegas office.

Page 2 of 24

As District Director, you will play a key role in representing the Congressman in
the district and ensuring effective communication and coordination between the
district and Washington, DC offices.
Responsibilities:
•Represent the Member or assign appropriate staff to do so in district as needed.
•Manage district office staff, providing leadership, guidance, and support.
•Plan, assign, and evaluate the work of employees in district offices.
•Speak to local groups when the Member is unavailable, effectively
communicating the Congressman's positions and priorities.
•Maintain close communications with the Washington, DC, office, and committee
staff, ensuring alignment and coordination on key initiatives and priorities.
•Travel throughout the district at regular intervals to keep abreast of local
concerns and issues.
•Meet with elected officials and representatives of local groups on behalf of the
Member, fostering positive relationships and addressing constituent needs.
•Schedule meetings with federal and district government agencies as necessary,
advocating for the interests of the district.
•Respond to constituent telephone calls and mail in a timely and professional
manner, addressing inquiries and concerns effectively.
•Perform other duties as assigned by the Congressman.
Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. Preferably with a strong interest in
public service and familiarity with District 4. Experience in government affairs or
related fields is
advantageous. Essential skills include leadership, effective communication,
relationship building, and strong organization. The role requires flexibility,
adaptability, and a willingness to travel.
Benefits:
•Comprehensive health insurance coverage, including medical, dental, and vision
plans.
•Paid annual and sick leave.
•Thrift Savings Plan Retirement program.
•Student Loan Repayment.
•Health and Wellness programs.
•Transit Benefits.
•House Professional Development programs.
•Employee purchasing/government discounts.
Application Instructions:
This is a full-time position based in the North Las Vegas district office. Salary is
competitive and commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, individuals

Page 3 of 24

with disabilities, and veteran
are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples
(no longer than two pages) and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with "District
Director,” [Last Name, First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions must be
in a single PDF file.
MEM-180-24

Congressman Steven Horsford’s District Office is seeking to hire a full-time
District Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team.
Job Summary:
Under the supervision of the District Director, the District Representative acts as
the representative for the Member. District Representative responsibilities include
strengthening relationships with key stakeholders, as well as attending
engagements on behalf of the Member. Caseworker responsibilities include
helping constituents resolve problems with federal agencies through written and
verbal communication.
Responsibilities:
Outreach Responsibilities:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals.
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities.
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders.
•Organize and participate in community events, town halls, and outreach
campaigns to engage constituents.
Casework Responsibilities:
•Act as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility,
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies.
•Handle casework assignments and assess casework for problems requiring
legislative action, making recommendations to the District Director and Chief of
Staff.
•Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents.
Communications and Professionalism:
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents.
•Accept performance-based criticism and directions.
•Work well under pressure and handle stress.
•Work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
•Perform other duties as assigned.
Page 4 of 24

Requirements:
•Political knowledge and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer
service manners; public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional
nights, weekends and some holidays.
Benefits:
•Comprehensive health insurance coverage, including medical, dental, and vision
plans.
•Paid annual and sick leave.
•Thrift Savings Plan Retirement program.
•Student Loan Repayment.
•Health and Wellness programs.
•Transit Benefits.
•House Professional Development programs.
•Employee purchasing/government discounts
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with District 4 community is preferred.
Application Instructions:
This is a full-time position based in the North Las Vegas district office. Salary is
competitive and commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, individuals
with disabilities, and veteran
are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples
(no longer than two pages) and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with "District Representative,” [Last Name,
First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-178-24

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic Staff) seeks
a Labor Policy Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering labor law.
Candidates should have familiarity with the National Labor Relations Act, the
Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act, labor enforcement provisions
in trade agreements, and employment arbitration.
Candidates should also have knowledge of the National Labor Relations Board
(NLRB), the Department of Labor’s Office of Labor-Management Standards
(OLMS) and the International Labor Affairs Bureau (ILAB). Applicants should
have a law degree and experience working with an organization, Congress, or
government agency related to labor law.

Page 5 of 24

Duties will include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical
assistance to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues,
preparing written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution
of committee proceedings and events related to labor law. This is not an entry
level position; three to five years of experience are strongly preferred.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Labor Policy Counsel” in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-177-24

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic Staff) seeks
a Civil Rights Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering civil rights issues
in employment.
Candidates should have familiarity with employment federal civil rights laws,
such as Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963 and Title 42, Chapter 21 of the U.S.
Code. Knowledge of the EEOC, OFCCP and federal statutes and policies and
how they impact civil rights in employment and health care is preferred.
Applicants should have a law degree and experience working with an
organization, Congress, or government agency addressing civil rights.
Duties will include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical
assistance to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues,
preparing written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution
of committee proceedings and events related to civil rights. This is not an entry
level position; three to five years of experience are strongly preferred.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Civil Rights Counsel" in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-174-24

Congresswoman Val Hoyle (D-OR-04) seeks a self-starting, highly experienced,
and creative Communications Director to join her Washington, D.C. office and
lead a fast-paced communications team.
The ideal candidate will have familiarity with national press, the House franking
process, and will work closely with the Deputy Chief of Staff/District Director,
Page 6 of 24

Legislative Director, and report to the Chief of Staff to set the Congresswomen’s
messaging priorities. This position will be the direct supervisor of the Press
Secretary and any Press Interns. This is not an entry-level position.
Essential Job Functions Required
1.Develops and implements strategic communications plans for the office,
including working closely with the legislative team to develop media strategies to
roll out legislation, send letters, and make other major announcements
2.Successfully and consistently pitches the Congresswoman to both local and
national TV, radio, and print media
3.Helps plan and staffs DC- and district-based events such as press conferences,
tele-townhalls, and roundtables, etc.
4.Prepares for, brief, and staffs the Congresswoman for media interviews, press
conferences, roundtables, and other engagements;
5.Drafts talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds and other materials, as
necessary, and in the Congresswoman’s voice;
6.Speaks on background with reporters and act as a media liaison for the
Congresswoman;
7.Helps manage social media presence, this includes drafting social media copy,
clipping interviews, and creating graphics to circulate across platforms;
8.Maintains and updates office website to ensure that it features timely content;
9.Serves as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
10.Develops and implements media, communications, and public relations
strategy for the Member;
11.Oversees digital media, website and other communications consultant;
12.Remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which
the Member may be questioned;
13.Evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the nation for
their impact on the Member;
14.Provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's actions
and legislative activities;
15.Creates official digital ads and other graphics;
16.Writes speeches for the Member;
17.Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
18.Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, media, and
constituents;
19.Works well under pressure and handles stress;
20.Supervises Press Secretary and any assigned Press Interns;
21.Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
22.Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
23.Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications/Skills
1.Exceptionally strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
2.Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media;
3.Understanding of House franking process and regulations;
Page 7 of 24

4.Experience with digital communications, including paid ads and analytics
reports;
5.Background in graphic design, including graphics, videos, CANVA or Adobe
Suite preferred;
6.Experience developing communication strategy for a Member of Congress, an
elected official, a federal agency, or a private or non-profit organization;
7.Expertise in advising others on a communication strategy and ability to work
well on a team;
8.Able to make split-second decisions and develop communications under tight
deadlines;
9.Strategic thinker, politically savvy and comfortable navigating difficult
situations with press and staff; and
10.Time management skills, ability to work under pressure, and comfortable
balancing multiple responsibilities at once.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression,
pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, marital status, parental status,
military status, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter.
Working Conditions
1.Work is performed in an office environment. A hybrid work arrangement
involving telecommuting may also be approved, consistent with the needs of the
office.
2.Noise levels in the office are usually moderate.
3.Ability to work in a small workstation without expectation of privacy.
Education/Experience
At least three-years of political and/or communications experience with strong
academic credentials. Alternatively, four-years of related experience or training in
communications or equivalent similar experience. Experience working in
Congress is preferred.
The Office is accepting resumes until COB Friday, May 3, 2024. We will review
them on a rolling basis. Please have them send a resume and cover letter
to resumes.hoyle@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Communications
Director Opening. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-173-24

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking a
Research Assistant for the Subcommittee on Technology Modernization.
This position will support the Subcommittee Staff Director and Professional Staff
Member in conducting oversight of the Department of Veterans Affairs’ (VA)
enterprise technology programs and projects, including Electronic Health Record
Modernization, as well its information technology operations. The role involves
Page 8 of 24

administrative assistance, research, some policy work, and other duties as
assigned. Prior congressional experience (permanent or intern) is required. Prior
federal agency experience is beneficial. Subject matter expertise is not required.
Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. This is a full-time, on-site position in
Washington, DC. Some domestic travel is required.
Core Responsibilities:
•Provide administrative assistance including answering the phone and responding
to phone and email inquiries, reviewing incoming correspondence and
documents, maintaining Subcommittee records, scheduling meetings, supporting
hearings, and other administrative duties as assigned.
•Assisting with oversight including organizing and participating in meetings,
drafting memos, reading documents, summarizing documents and meetings orally
and in writing, limited domestic travel, and other oversight duties as assigned.
•Conducting research to support oversight and legislative activities by searching
for and compiling documents and information.
•Assisting with legislation in a limited capacity including reading and tracking
pending and enacted legislation.
•Representing the Committee in a limited capacity including meeting with other
congressional staff, veteran service organizations, technical organizations, and
external stakeholders.
•Perform other duties as assigned by the Subcommittee Staff Director, Committee
Staff Director, or Committee Deputy Staff Director.
Qualifications:
•Undergraduate degree
•Congressional experience (permanent or intern)
•Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply
•Graduate-level writing skills
•Excellent oral communication skills
•Thoroughness and attention to detail
•Problem solving skills
•Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and
courteous
•Work independently as well as in teams
•This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
•Some domestic travel is required.
Benefits (as eligible):
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)

Page 9 of 24

•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Student Loan Repayment Program
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates should send their cover letter and resume
to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Technology Modernization Research
Assistant” in the subject line. Writing samples and references may be requested.
No calls or walk-ins, please.
What to Expect Next:
Your cover letter and resume will be reviewed to determine if you are among the
top candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an
interview.
MEM-172-24

The Office of Congressman Jamie Raskin (MD-08) seeks a Constituent Services
Caseworker to work in the Rockville, Maryland District Office. Primary
responsibilities include: handling constituent casework; interacting with
constituents and government agencies; planning and executing outreach events;
representing the Office at community events; and assisting with administrative
duties. This is an entry level position.
Ties to Maryland’s 8th District are preferred. Second language fluency is a plus.
This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working, cohesive team
that is committed to providing superior constituent service. The ideal candidate is
organized, self-motivated, detail-oriented, has excellent verbal and written
communication skills and time management skills, and has a passion for making
a difference in people’s lives.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply. The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity and
expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation, or any other
characteristic protected by applicable law, in any of its activities or operations.
To apply, please send an email to District Chief Kathleen Connor at the following
email address: Raskin.DistrictJobs@mail.house.gov with “Constituent Services
Caseworker” in the subject line and the following application materials attached
Page 10 of 24

as one combined PDF:
•Cover letter (not to exceed one page) – please customize your letter to this
position.
•Résumé (not to exceed one page)
•Two writing samples (not to exceed two pages each)
•Three references (not to exceed one page) – for each reference, please include
name, current title/office, phone number, email, and a one-sentence description of
your relationship to the reference.
The deadline to apply is 5:00 p.m. on May 3rd, 2024.
MEM-171-24

The Office of Congresswoman Robin Kelly (IL-02), member of the Energy &
Commerce Committee, seeks an experienced Communications Director to join
her Washington, D.C. office.
The Communications Director will be responsible for developing and executing a
robust communications strategy to maximize the Member’s visibility in the
district; drafting press releases, statements, speeches, newsletters, and talking
points; maintaining relationships and booking interviews with national and local
press outlets; pitching stories and responding to reporter inquiries; managing a
press team; assisting with social media; and other duties as assigned.
Candidates should have previous communications experience, possess
exceptional writing skills, have proficiency in photo and video editing and
graphic design tools, and be organized. Candidates should be detail-oriented and
highly motivated to serve on an active team. Illinois or Midwest ties are a plus.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender
identity), disability, age, or national origin.
To apply, send via email including a resume, cover letter, and a 2-3 page writing
sample to IL02Staff.Resume@mail.house.gov with the following subject line:
“Full Name – Communications Director.” This is not an introductory level
position. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis until the position is
filled.

MEM-169-24

Congressman Frank Pallone seeks an experienced Communications Director to
serve in his Washington, D.C. personal office.
This position will develop communications plans, maintain relationships with
reporters, create in-district press events, and prepare written materials, including
speeches, talking points, newsletters, and op-eds. The ability to collaborate with
committee colleagues to advance local communications priorities is key. Highlyqualified candidates will demonstrate on-the-record experience, creativity with

Page 11 of 24

social media platforms, and experience with Franked outreach, including direct
mail, teletown halls, texting, and phone surveys. Ties to New Jersey are a plus.
Please send your resume and a cover letter that references Bruce Springsteen
to NJ06Resume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-168-24

Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks an experienced legislative staffer for the
Member’s D.C. office who has a background in matters before the House
Homeland Security, Judiciary, and Appropriations Committees. Candidates with
a J.D. or another advanced degree are strongly encouraged to apply, and
experience working as a legislative assistant, legislative aide, or similar
permanent staffer for a minimum of two years is required.
The ideal candidate is a well-informed student of politics and government who
possesses a working knowledge of current events and a diverse array of issues.
We seek a strong writer with a track record of successfully developing and
implementing legislative strategy, preparing, and staffing the principal for
committee hearings and markups, and managing a broad policy portfolio. Ideally,
the candidate would also have a successful track record of project management
related to a Member’s legislative and in-district priorities.
Responsibilities include preparing the Member for committee hearings, markups,
briefings, stakeholder meetings, and other engagements; developing and drafting
bills, amendments, letters, policy statements, talking points, floor speeches, opeds, memos, and reports; planning and organizing briefings and other events;
managing relationships with local, state, and national stakeholders and
institutions; tracking legislation relevant to the Member’s District or policy
priorities; preparing vote recommendations; building coalitions of diverse,
bipartisan stakeholders to advance legislative priorities; and assisting
organizations and constituents in the District with regard to federal matters.
The successful candidate’s title, including the possibility of senior legislative
assistant / counsel, and pay will be commensurate with work experience.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and lasting from the ground up, particularly for a Member of Congress
who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff.
Please submit a cover letter; a resume, including two to three references; and a
writing sample to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Assistant” We will accept applications until the position is filled.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Page 12 of 24

MEM-166-24

Rep. Joe Courtney (D-CT-2) is seeking a Scheduler/Operations Manager in a
team-oriented office. Applicants must have exceptional organizational skills,
attention to detail, and an ability to manage competing demands and deadlines.
Responsibilities include:
1.Managing all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term schedule in
Washington, including intaking, evaluating, and scheduling meeting requests,
updating and ensuring accuracy of member’s calendar, and coordinating travel
arrangements and day-to-day logistics.
2.Working with legislative and press staff to ensure member is prepared for
engagements.
3.Managing member personal correspondence and records.
4.Interfacing with government agencies, Congressional offices, and outside
organizations on behalf of the Member
5.Working with staff to coordinate staff-level meetings and manage office
meeting space.
6.Coordinating office internship program
This is not an entry-level position. Previous scheduling experience required and
1-3 years of prior work experience desired. The ideal candidate for this position is
detail-oriented and proactive, possesses strong communication skills, a selfstarter, has good managerial instincts, and can thrive in a collaborative
environment. Valid driver’s license and access to a vehicle preferred;
Connecticut/New England ties, prior Capitol Hill experience, and good sense of
humor are all plusses. Salary and title commensurate with experience.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to CT02JOB@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Scheduler Application”

MEM-165-24

Digital Director – The office of Rep. Jimmy Gomez (CA-34), a member of the
Ways and Means Committee, seeks a driven individual with experience in digital
and social media, video editing, content creation and impeccable copyediting
skills to join a fast-paced team as the Digital Director.
Candidates must possess strong writing, editing and time management abilities,
and must be able to draft daily social media posts and create a long-term digital
content plan. The Digital Director will manage multiple social media accounts for
the member, and will be key in working with the member and under the
Communications Director to create timely, relevant, well-produced content.
This is not an entry-level position. Prospective candidates should e-mail a cover
letter, resume and two writing/digital samples in PDF format
Page 13 of 24

to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “LASTNAME_Digital.”
No calls or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status or
parental status.
Deadline for submissions is April 23, 2024. Salary range is $55,000-65,000
annually, commensurate with experience.
MEM-163-24

Representative Jason Crow (CO-06) seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent for his Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering phones, sorting and tracking
incoming correspondence, drafting constituent correspondence, managing the
intern program, and driving the Congressman, among other duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be strong writers with excellent organization and time
management skills. Colorado ties are a plus but not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer. The salary for this position is
$55,000 per year.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit their resume and cover letter
to co06.resumes@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-162-24

Congressman Jamie Raskin (MD-08) seeks a full-time Digital Manager/Press
Secretary in his Washington, DC office.
The Digital Manager/Press Secretary will support digital and traditional
communications in a fast-paced and high-visibility congressional office. The
individual will be responsible for drafting press releases, quotes and statements,
creating digital content (including written copy, graphics and video), helping
manage the Congressman’s official social media accounts, fielding press requests
and inquiries, and executing other duties as assigned.
The Digital Manager/Press Secretary will work closely with the Communications
Director, who will be the direct supervisor, as well as the Chief of Staff, the
District Chief, the Legislative Director, and other legislative and district staff in
creating, coordinating and executing digital and written content strategy
promoting the Congressman’s legislative and district priorities.
The Digital Manager/Press Secretary must be an excellent writer with exceptional
communications skills. The successful candidate is a motivated self-starter and
team player who demonstrates intellectual engagement, creative thinking, hard
work, scrupulous attention to detail, effective time management and a
professional and discreet approach. Relevant skills include: video editing (Adobe
Page 14 of 24

Premiere Pro and Adobe Creative Suite experience preferred), graphic design and
social media management (i.e. experience and familiarity with major platforms).
1-3 years prior experience in political communications is required. Ties to
Maryland’s Eighth District, Spanish fluency and facility with other languages are
a plus.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply. The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity and
expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation or any other
characteristic protected by applicable law, in any of its activities or operations.
To apply, please email MD08.Resumes@mail.house.gov by April 23, 2024 with
“Digital Manager/Press Secretary: Last Name” in the subject line and the
following application materials attached as one combined PDF:
·Résumé
·Cover letter
·Two writing samples
·One piece of original digital media content (graphic design or video—if video,
please link to a Google Drive file)
·Three references–for each reference, please include name, current title, phone
number, email address and your relationship to the reference
MEM-161-24

The Democratic Staff on the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on
Administrative State, Regulatory Reform, and Antitrust, seeks a dedicated and
hard-working lawyer with a minimum of 5 years of professional legal experience
to serve as a subcommittee counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Committee on matters of law and policy within the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction;
drafting legislation; preparing hearings; drafting statements, memos, and briefing
materials; and providing guidance to Democratic House offices on matters of
constitutional and civil rights law. The counsel will be responsible for handling
assignments in a range of issue areas, including administrative law, bankruptcy
law, and antitrust and competition matters.
The successful candidate must demonstrate exceptional writing and legal research
skills, a strong work ethic, a professional temperament, and the ability to work on
novel and complex matters under time and other pressures. Such a candidate must
also be able to work collaboratively with a broad range of personalities. In
addition, sound political judgment, prior legislative or policy experience, a
substantive background in civil rights or constitutional law, and a demonstrated
commitment to public service are strongly preferred. A sense of humor is a plus.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
Page 15 of 24

country’s population. The Committee strongly encourages women and members
of historically disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The Committee does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Antitrust Counsel” in the subject
line.
MEM-159-24

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for an investigative counsel position.
The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members
and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position
which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from
political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas
is desirable: government ethics; campaign finance; criminal law; employment
law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil
litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and
financial accounting. The salary range for this position is $136,780 and $145,604.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel”
in the subject line.

MEM-158-24

Press Secretary/Communications Director
Congressman Tom Suozzi seeks a Press Secretary or Communications Director to
serve in his Washington, D.C. office. Successful candidates will have very strong
writing skills, a close eye to detail, fluency with social media platforms and
digital tools, and experience working with national and local press.
Responsibilities include writing press releases, statements and media advisories;
creating and managing social media content, including graphics and videos;
drafting talking points and op-eds; and creating franked communications,
including e-newsletters, mailers and telephone townhalls.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin. Qualified individuals should submit a resume,

Page 16 of 24

cover letter and relevant portfolio to NY03.jobs@mail.house.gov. No calls or
walk-ins please.
MEM-157-24

Position: Legal Research Analyst (full-time)
Employer: Joint Committee on Taxation, United States Congress
Position Overview: The Joint Committee on Taxation seeks a highly motivated
professional to join its nonpartisan staff as a Legal Research Analyst to assist in
the organization and management of its print and electronic library collections
and to support legal and legislative research. The Legal Research Analyst will
work closely with (under the direct supervision of) the Joint Committee’s Legal
Research and Reference:
Librarian and with committee attorneys, economists, accountants, and
administrative staff on projects involving a wide range of tax subject areas,
including individual, business, international, tax-exempt organization,
benefits, and pension taxation.
Necessary skills include:
*Willingness to collaborate with professional and administrative staff, both
within the Joint Committee and with other information institutions, such as the
Libraries of the House and the Senate, the Office of the Historian and the Clerk of
the House's Office of Art and Archives, Congressional Research Service, Library
of Congress, and the Law Library of Congress.
*Attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
*Sense of curiosity and resourcefulness when conducting research across
multiple subscriptions and platforms.
*Ability to manage and reprioritize simultaneous projects and deadlines.
*Ability to anticipate and proactively compile resources and conduct research.
*An interest in both research and administrative responsibilities.
Duties include, but are not limited to, the following:
*Conduct, organize, and curate legal, legislative, and historical research on tax,
economic, and financial policy matters.
*Manage a comprehensive collection of compiled legislative histories on
taxation.
*Inventory and catalog Joint Committee library resources, including treaties,
periodicals, and congressional documents.
*Monitor, summarize, and report on current legislation, congressional hearings,
court cases, and seminars from a wide variety of sources.
*Negotiate with vendors to secure subscriptions to print and electronic resources,
while maintaining the overall library budget, in collaboration with the
Administrative Director.
*Post, describe, and maintain both current and historical publications on the Joint
Committee’s website, in collaboration with the Computer Team.
*Archive work product – both print and digital – in accordance with established
guidelines and policies.
Page 17 of 24

Requirements: A bachelor’s degree in political science, information studies, legal
studies, economics or related fields and an interest and understanding of the
American legislative process – including prior congressional
experience – sufficient to understand complex policy issues. Strong writing,
communication, and research skills, including knowledge of specialized legal and
legislative databases, and research experience are required. A Master of Library
and Information Science (MLIS) degree is preferred, however not required.
Salary and benefits: Salary is commensurate with skills and experience.
To apply: Please submit a cover letter and resume to Katie Mikulka by email
at JCTCareers@jct.gov. Please include “Legal Research Analyst” in the subject
line.
MEM-156-24

Counsel
This position performs a key role in the development and execution of the
Committee on House Administration Republican Office’s strategy, especially
with respect to elections issues, as well as ensuring that the committee’s
legislative and oversight activities are operated in conformance with applicable
statutes, House Rules, and Committee Rules.
The incumbent is also responsible for handling additional responsibilities and
special projects as assigned. Major duties include: in coordination with the
General Counsel, assists in the development and execution of the Committee’s
oversight & legislative agenda; serves on elections coalitions development in the
election integrity and voter confidence arenas, with a particular focus on
grassroots organizations and other elections stakeholders; prepares for committee
markups, hearings, and business meetings in cooperation with the Committee
Clerk and relevant committee attorneys and staff; conducts thorough and accurate
legislative research and drafts reports and memoranda; and more.
To apply, please send a resume and writing sample
to thomas.lane@mail.house.gov

MEM-155-24

DIGITAL DIRECTOR OR PRESS SECRETARY
Rep. Tokuda (HI-02) seeks an energetic person to join her communications team
in her Washington, D.C. office. This individual will work closely with the
Communications Director who works in Honolulu. Candidates must have
experience in digital media and video editing and will be responsible for
managing multiple digital media accounts. This position will also assist with
press releases and inquiries, speeches, and mass communications.
Essential Skills Include:
•Strong writing and editing skills with attention to detail
•Creative graphic production
Page 18 of 24

•Ability to multi-task and work quickly under pressure
•Patience, flexibility, and a sense of humor
Candidate must also be able to work occasionally on weekends and evenings.
Interested parties should email a cover letter, resume, writing sample, sample
social media posts, and two references to Hawaii02jobs@gmail.com
MEM-154-24

Press Secretary/Communications Director
Congressman John Sarbanes seeks a Press Secretary or Communications Director
to serve in his Washington, D.C. office. Successful candidates will have very
strong writing skills, a close eye to detail, fluency with social media platforms
and digital tools, and experience working with national and local press.
Responsibilities include writing press releases, statements and media advisories;
creating and managing social media content, including graphics and videos;
drafting talking points and op-eds; and creating franked communications,
including e-newsletters, mailers and telephone townhalls.
This office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Diverse candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified individuals should submit a resume,
cover letter and writing portfolio to employment@mail.house.gov. No calls or
walk-ins please.

MEM-152-24

Rep. Joe Courtney (D-CT-02) seeks qualified candidates for a Legislative
Assistant position to join his Washington, DC office team.
The Legislative Assistant will:
1.Develop, plan, and execute legislative initiatives within assigned issue areas
2.Monitor developments in legislation on the floor and within certain House
Committees
3.Staff the member at Committee events as appropriate within assigned policy
portfolio
4.Meet with constituents on behalf of the member
5.Prepare briefing notes and talking points for the Member
6.Collaborate with District staff to advocate for federal projects and initiatives at
the local level
Qualified candidates will have approximately 3 years of legislative experience
working on Capitol Hill, thorough knowledge of the legislative process, excellent
oral and written communication skills, strong project management and
prioritization skills, the ability to quickly synthesize information and make sound
decisions, and the ability to exercise independent judgement in the formulation
and recommendation of policy positions for the Member.

Page 19 of 24

Policy portfolio will be based on office needs but will include domestic policy
issues. Ties to Connecticut or New England are a plus. This office is an equal
opportunity employer. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are encouraged to
apply. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing
sample to CT02JOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-151-24

Senior House Democrat seeks a Legislative Assistant for the Member’s personal
office to staff a portfolio of domestic legislative issues. Portfolio is flexible
depending upon the candidate’s background and interests.
A successful candidate will be a self-starter that works well in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent oral and written communication skills, and have a
proven ability to work effectively with a collaborative legislative team.
Responsibilities include:
•drafting and introducing legislation, and drafting oversight letters;
•monitoring pending legislation and current events;
•staffing the Member at events and meetings;
•preparing briefing materials and talking points for the Member;
•reviewing requests to cosign letters and cosponsor legislation, and making
recommendations to the Member;
•representing the Member in meetings and briefings;
•collaborating with constituent organizations; and
•other tasks and assignments as needed.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages people of all
backgrounds to apply. The ideal candidate will have at least 1-2 years legislative
experience in a congressional office or similar experience off the Hill.
Salary commensurate with experience. Applicants should send a resume, cover
letter, and two writing samples to housedemlajob@gmail.com

MEM-150-24

Staff Director, Subcommittee on Health, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
Core Responsibilities:
•Serve as the principal advisor to the full Committee Chairman, subcommittee
Chairman, and Republican Members for issues under the jurisdiction of the
Subcommittee.
•Provide in-depth policy analysis and political strategy for issues that fall under
the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
•Lead and supervise the implementation of the Subcommittee’s legislative
initiatives including the formulation, drafting, introduction, passage, negotiation,
and enactment of all legislation under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
•Supervise the Subcommittee staff in the organization of, and preparation for,
hearings, to include determination of the agenda, briefing of witnesses and
Members, and drafting remarks and questions for the Chairman.
Page 20 of 24

•Conduct informational and oversight meetings with Administration officials, VA
and other agencies, Veteran Service Organizations, non-profit organizations,
industry experts, and veterans on all issues under the jurisdiction of the
Subcommittee.
•Plan and supervise implementation of the Subcommittee’s oversight agenda of
issues within its jurisdiction, including sending requests for information, writing
oversight letters, conducting oversight visits, reviewing document productions,
cultivating sources of information, determining the veracity of information
received, and other oversight measures, as needed.
•Build relationships with internal and external partners, including Veteran Service
Organizations, member offices, industry, and contacts within the Department of
Veterans Affairs and other government agencies to promote and enact the
legislative and oversight agenda of the Subcommittee, and that of the full
Committee Chairman.
•Represent and discuss the full Committee or Subcommittee Chairman’s views at
various conferences and speaking events.
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staff
Director, or Deputy Staff Director; as needed.
Minimum Qualifications:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science
•At least five to seven years of relevant policy or legislative experience.
Experience on Capitol Hill desired but other experience will be considered.
Required Skills:
•Ability to lead and mentor Subcommittee staff
•Team oriented
•Ability to establish working relationships
•Strong writing and editing skills
•Problem solving
•Strong verbal communication
•Ability to work well under pressure
•Attention to detail
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits

Page 21 of 24

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, three professional
references to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “HEALTH Staff Director” in
the subject line. In your cover letter please indicate what you believe are the three
most pressing challenges facing the Veterans Health Administration. No calls or
walk-ins, please.
MEM-135-24

PRESS SECRETARY- The Office of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03)
seeks an experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates
must be able to manage media relations, press opportunities, and messaging for a
senior member of Congress. This role reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active
relationships with top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience
will receive preferred consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations,
messaging, and risk management.
•Advance press events and staff the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current
relationships with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the office’s larger
communications strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who
does not discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex
(including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation,
marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee
organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit
factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as candidates from
underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Page 22 of 24

Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
Page 23 of 24

•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Page 24 of 24

