________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 17, 2023

MEM-374-23

The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) is seeking an experienced,
highly-motivated Legislative Assistant or Senior Legislative Assistant to
handle the Congresswoman’s Agriculture Committee work, in addition to other
relevant policy issues.
The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for handling the following portfolio,
with some flexibility: Agriculture (including all work related to the Farm Bill and
the Agriculture Committee), Energy, Environment & Climate Change,
Transportation & Infrastructure, Rural Broadband/Telecom.
The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for jumping in to handle Farm Bill
priorities amid ongoing negotiations and will ideally overlap with the outgoing
Legislative Assistant for 1-2 weeks in late August/early September.
Responsibilities will include drafting and advancing legislative proposals,
preparing the Member for hearings and markups, meeting with stakeholders and
constituents, providing vote recommendations, working with the House and
Senate Agriculture Committees to advance our Farm Bill priorities, and
performing additional tasks as assigned.
The best-qualified candidates will have policy experience in Agriculture and
ideally additional issue areas, Hill experience, strong writing and analytical skills,
and the ability to operate with grace and humor in a fast-paced environment.
Page 1 of 25

Other advantages include experience in a frontline office, ties to Virginia, and
advanced education. This is not an entry-level position.
Starting salary is $65,000 for Legislative Assistants and $70,000 for Senior
Legislative Assistants; prior experience as a Legislative Assistant is required for
the Senior title.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three
references to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant –
[Last Name]” as the subject line.
This office is an equal-opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-369-23

The Office of Congressman Dan Goldman seeks an on-committee Legislative
Assistant (or Senior Legislative Assistant/Senior Policy Advisor depending on
experience) to cover immigration and serve as our office’s primary staffer at the
Committee on Homeland Security.
Other issues in this policy staffer’s portfolio will include gun violence, criminal
justice, labor, and education. Previous work on immigration policy is required.
The salary is $68,000 - $80,000 depending on experience.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer, committed to developing an office
that is reflective of the diverse district that we serve. Our office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, parental status, gender identity, or disability. Women, people of
color, and candidates who speak a second language are strongly urged to apply.
District ties are also a plus. Qualified candidates should send their application
including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample as one PDF
to ny10goldmanresumes@gmail.com with “LA Opening – Full Name” as the
subject line by Friday, July 21st at 5pm.

MEM-367-23

Digital and Creative Assistant – Congressman Salud Carbajal (CA-24)
The Office of Congressman Salud Carbajal (CA-24) seeks a creative and
dedicated Digital and Creative Assistant to support the office’s digital
communications and outreach operations. The ideal candidate has experience
using graphics, video, and other digital content to communicate messages with
clarity and creativity.

Page 2 of 25

The Digital and Creative Assistant would be responsible for managing the
Congressman’s social media channels and email newsletter program, the office’s
digital paid outreach programs, as well as assisting with the management of a
Press Fellow.
Tasks will include, but are not limited to:
•Planning and executing all social media copy, graphics, and video content for the
Congressman and his office
•Implementing a robust paid digital outreach program, including through paid
content on Meta and Google platforms; connected TV and digital display
advertisements, and SMS communications
•Overseeing video shoots, editing photos, and maintaining archives of the office’s
visual media
•Coordinating with the Legislative Correspondent on the constituent mail
program, 499s, and other office correspondence.
•Assisting with media advisories, press releases, and other non-digital written
content in coordination with the Communications Director
•Preparing weekly metrics reports and overseeing production of daily press clips
•Managing the office’s technology needs and website
The ideal has excellent written communications skills, a strong attention to detail,
previous experience with graphics and video editing software (Adobe, Canva),
and a demonstrated ability to collaborate on projects within a team with a sense
of humor and creativity.
Candidates with prior digital/press experience on Capitol Hill, California ties, and
ties to California’s 24th Congressional District are encouraged to apply.
Candidates with fluency in Spanish are preferred. The starting salary range for the
position is $55,000 - $65,000 per year, with flexibility depending on level of
experience.
Interested applicants should e-mail CA24.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject
“Digital Assistant: LAST NAME” by July 21, 2023, and include a single PDF
containing a resume, cover letter, and at least two creative samples in (samples
may be included via hyperlink). No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
Rep. Carbajal’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed
service.
MEM-365-23

Congressman Jeff Jackson (D, NC-14) seeks an organized self-starter with a
passion for helping others to serve as a Caseworker/Constituent Engagement
Officer in his North Carolina office.
TITLE: Caseworker/Constituent Engagement Officer
Page 3 of 25

REPORTS TO: Constituent Services Director
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to monitor and update the Member and Constituent Services Director on district
and local issues;
•to answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents; and
•to act as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the Member and
constituents.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•strong oral and written communication skills;
•thorough knowledge of legislative process;
•knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
•thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
DUTIES:
•handles all casework assignments;
•acts as liaison and interfaces with city, county, district, and federal officials, and
other persons or groups to form effective relationships for the Member;
•assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the Constituent Services Director and Chief of
Staff/Administrative Assistant;
•continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
•acts as the grassroots representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility including occasionally staffing of the Member at events and
appearing as a representative of the Office at
•performs other duties as assigned.
If you’d like to apply, please send your resume and cover letter
to resume.jeffjackson@mail.house.gov, subject line: NC-14 Caseworker/CEO.
MEM-363-23

House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic staff) seeks a
Labor Policy Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering labor law.
Candidates should have familiarity with the National Labor Relations Act, the
Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act, labor enforcement provisions
in trade agreements, and employment arbitration. Candidates should also have
knowledge of the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), the Department of
Labor’s Office of Labor-Management Standards (OLMS) and the International
Labor Affairs Bureau (ILAB).
Page 4 of 25

Applicants should have a law degree and experience working with an
organization, Congress, or government agency related to labor law. Duties will
include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical assistance
to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing
written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of
committee proceedings and events related to labor law. Salary commensurate
with experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Labor Policy Counsel” in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-360-23

Speechwriter
Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a gifted writer with a strong sense of
history and a knowledge of and familiarity with the great orators and speeches of
our time. Responsibilities include drafting remarks for events and the floor;
drafting and editing correspondence to constituents and federal agencies; and
drafting statements for social media and press, including Op-Eds.
The ideal candidate is a self-starter aware of the major issues and debates
dominating the floor and capturing the public imagination. We are seeking
someone who can generate ideas and develop clean, quality, and prompt drafts
for One Minutes on a weekly basis, as well as delve into longer-form remarks out
in the district that eschew platitudes but are strengthened by data and detailed
policy solutions.
A successful candidate need not have a depth of expertise in any one area but a
working knowledge of many areas, a well-informed student of current events who
is naturally curious and constantly learning. The position would additionally
involve working on a portfolio of issues – meeting with advocacy groups in those
areas and assisting the legislative team as projects come up – but an applicant
should consider themself a writer first and foremost. Knowledge of the district is
a plus.
Job title and pay will be commensurate with work experience. We are open to
negotiation on whether the role can be full time or part time; whether it can be
remote or in person. Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references,
and a writing portfolio (as many samples as you are proud to showcase)
to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name – Speechwriter.”
We will accept applications until the position is filled.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and enduring from the ground up, particularly for a Member of

Page 5 of 25

Congress who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-359-23

Legislative Assistant/Counsel
Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a seasoned legislative staffer for the
Washington, D.C., office with a background in matters before the House
Homeland Security and Judiciary Committees, preferably with a knowledge base
in oversight and investigations. Candidates with a J.D. degree are strongly
encouraged to apply, and experience working on legislation as a permanent
staffer for a minimum of two years is required.
The ideal candidate is a student of politics and government who is well-versed in
current events and possesses a working knowledge of a diverse array of issues.
We are seeking a strong writer, particularly one adept at drafting powerful
remarks for the floor, with a track record of successfully developing and
advancing legislation, preparing and staffing the Member for committee hearings
and markups, and managing a broad policy portfolio.
Responsibilities also include developing and drafting bills, amendments, letters,
policy statements, talking points, op-eds, memos, and reports; planning and
organizing briefings and other events; managing relationships with local, state,
and national stakeholders; tracking legislation; handling vote recommendations;
building coalitions of diverse, bipartisan stakeholders to advance legislative
priorities; and assisting organizations and constituents in the district with federal
matters.
Job title and pay will be commensurate with work experience.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and enduring from the ground up, particularly for a Member of
Congress who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff.
Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references, and a writing
sample to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Assistant / Counsel.” We will accept applications until the position is
filled.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Page 6 of 25

MEM-358-23

Representative Mary Sattler Peltola seeks a Legislative Correspondent for her
DC office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent mail; researching policy issues;
drafting memos; and working with stakeholders. The ideal candidate possesses
excellent writing, communication, organizational, and interpersonal skills, with a
proven ability to prioritize, multi-task, and meet tight deadlines in a rigorous
environment. Attention to detail is critical. Alaska ties and 1-2 years Hill
experience strongly preferred.
Please send a resume, 1-page cover letter, and recent writing sample
to AKResumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-355-23

Staff Assistant/Driver for Congressman Eric Sorensen, Democrat, Illinois, 17th
District
Congressman Eric Sorensen has an immediate need to hire a Staff
Assistant/Driver for the Washington, DC office in a full-time capacity.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and 2-3 professional
references by Friday, July 21, 2023. Once the application period closes, the office
will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
Job Expectations:
The Staff Assistant will be expected to manage the front desk during office hours,
handle Capitol and White House tour requests, fulfill flag requests, support the
district office with administrative office needs, driving the Member, and assist the
D.C. office staff with work as assigned. Staff Assistants often provide the first
impression of the office to constituents, guests, and other VIPs. The experiences
gained in the Staff Assistant role provide a solid foundation to advance into
positions of increasing responsibility.
Qualified candidates should be capable of managing time effectively and
prioritizing assignments with tact. Applicants must be able to exercise discretion
and work well in a team environment. The position requires the individual to be
available for extended and unscheduled hours (including mornings/nights,
weekends and/or holidays). Applicants must possess a valid drivers’ license,
impeccable driving skills, and own a registered vehicle. Illinois and district ties
are strongly preferred. This is an entry level position.
Salary Level/Range: $45,000 - $55,000, commiserate with experience.
Job Duties:
·Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the office to
Page 7 of 25

constituents, visitors, and other VIPs
·Handles incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness
·Captures input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response
·Drives the Member to and from official government events
·Hires, manages, and supports interns as intern coordinator
·Works closely with the Member’s Scheduler to ensure appointments are on time
·Organizes and manages tasks for constituents to include flag requests, providing
tours of the Capitol, and arranging visits to other national landmarks
Additional Requirements:
·Effective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
·Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the office
·Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
·Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
·Attention to detail
·Willingness to learn
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume and references in a combined PDF
to Resumes.IL17@mail.house.gov with the subject “Staff Assistant: LAST
NAME” by Friday, July 21st. Incomplete or late applications will not be
considered.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy
Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
Page 8 of 25

with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.
Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and
possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-352-23

The Office of Rep. Ruben Gallego (AZ-03) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated bilingual (English/Spanish) press assistant with strong writing skills
and a comfortability with social media drafting.
Qualified candidates will assist with ensuring the objectives and achievements of
the Congressman are communicated effectively utilizing print, digital, and social
media. This position is based in Phoenix, Arizona and will work closely with the
Communications Director.
Responsibilities include: Drafting press releases for distribution; writing talking
points/speeches/scripts; creating social media content; staffing at media events,
and assisting with other duties as assigned.
Occasional weekend work is required. Candidates must have outstanding writing
and communication skills and be willing to collaborate with various departments
to accomplish objectives while juggling multiple deadlines and projects.
Interested applicants should email their resume and cover letter
to ResumesAZ03@mail.house.gov

MEM-342-23

Scheduler/Executive Assistant in Washington, DC; Brooklyn, N.Y. –
Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke (NY-09)

Page 9 of 25

Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke (NY-09) is seeking an exceptionally wellorganized Scheduler/Executive Assistant with strong oral and written
communication and excellent interpersonal skills. Applicants must have the
ability to multi-task, a positive attitude, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced
environment.
The ideal scheduler possesses a strong work ethic, excellent attention to detail,
the ability to work well with different teams and the ability to keep calm under
pressure.
Responsibilities include working with the senior staff to manage and maintain the
Member’s daily and long-term schedule; organizing and evaluating all meeting
requests and invitations with senior staff; compiling and managing the Member’s
daily materials; making travel arrangements; staffing and driving the Member,
and other duties as assigned.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter
to ny09resume@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler/Executive Assistant” in the
subject line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to maintain the Member's official schedule, travel plans, and related records; and
•to act as liaison for the Member with the staff, public and other Members.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•at least 1 year of office experience;
•strong telephone skills;
•strong oral and written communication skills;
•ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment with respect to
prioritization of and recommendations on Member appointments;
•proficiency in word processing;
•strong organizational and filing skills;
•thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•experience making travel reservations and arrangements;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•availability to work long hours and at night; and
•a great sense of humor.

Page 10 of 25

DUTIES:
Scheduling Duties
•prepares the daily schedule for the Member, and distributes copies to the
Washington, DC, and district offices;
•prepares detailed itineraries for the Member, including important numbers,
location and contact names;
•prepares monthly projected schedules for the Member;
•briefs the Member on all scheduling activities of the Washington, DC, and
district offices and makes recommendations on proposed future meetings;
•schedules all staff meetings and briefings;
•coordinates scheduling of press, interviews, radio and T.V. time with the
communications team; and
•coordinates photo opportunities with constituents.
Travel Duties
•makes reservations for the Member's air travel, ground transportation, and
lodging; and
•submits vouchers for travel and expense reimbursement.
Mail/Invitations Duties
•reviews the Member's mail and invitations;
•responds to all invitations, either by written correspondence or by personal
telephone call;
•maintains files of invitations that have been declined, accepted, or that are
tentative/pending; and
•ensures that the Member is provided with briefing materials for each event.
Administrative Duties
•monitors the Member's incoming telephone calls in a telephone log, takes
messages, and returns calls as requested;
•places outgoing calls for the Member and maintains a record of calls;
•maintains the Member's files, including notes, correspondence, and all
information relating to travel;
•organizes documentation and materials for the Member's annual financial
disclosure report;
•maintains log of staff leave along with the Chief of Staff
•acts as a liaison between the Member and other Members, committee staff,
White House, and government offices and agencies to arrange for the Member's
attendance at meetings or to coordinate travel plans; and
•performs other duties as assigned.
MEM-339-23

Congressman Mike Levin (D-CA) is seeking a Press Secretary/Digital
Manager to assist in executing a robust communications strategy and maintain
his presence online and across all social media platforms.

Page 11 of 25

Responsibilities include drafting press materials, writing remarks, pitching
stories, crafting and executing a social media strategy, creating and managing
social media content, designing graphics and print materials, recording and
editing video, writing email newsletters, daily clips emails, and more. The
individual will work closely with the Communications Director on day-to-day
operations of the Communications team.
Qualified candidates should have 1-2 years of press related experience, have
strong writing skills, proficiency in graphic design, and experience with both
videography and photography. Ability to work well with others, manage
competing priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines
are a must. Prior experience on Capitol Hill or with advocacy campaigns are a
plus. Salary range is $60,000-$70,000, commensurate with experience.
To apply, please send a resume, a cover letter, a writing sample, and 1-3 digital
work samples to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov with “Press Secretary/Digital
Manager” in the subject line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
This position can be based in Oceanside/Dana Point, CA or Washington, D.C.,
and will require limited work on evenings and weekends to execute social media
content.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
MEM-335-23

Moderate Financial Services Committee member seeks legislative assistant to
manage work including:
•Financial Service Committee
•Issue areas including: economic policy, banking, taxation, trade, small business,
and social security
•Drafting and editing legislation, amendments, resolutions, letters, and memos
•Building relationships with relevant stakeholders
•Working with the communications team to highlight the Congressman’s work
Applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with “FSC
Legislative Assistant – LastName, FirstName” in the subject line
to nj5jobs@mail.house.gov.
Female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.
Page 12 of 25

MEM-332-23

Representative Spanberger seeks an Office Administrator/District Staff
Assistant for her Prince William County, Virginia district office.
Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized, detailoriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal skills, and eager to join
a mission-oriented team that thrives in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates must demonstrate excellent “people skills” and a strong commitment
to providing outstanding constituent service. The ideal candidate should: be able
to think on their feet and be a problem solver, show keen attention to detail and
an ability to multi-task, demonstrate excellent oral and written skills, maintain a
positive demeanor, and demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
Primary responsibilities include managing the front office, answering and logging
telephone calls, greeting visitors, monitoring office deliveries, distributing hard
and electronic mail, creating briefs and memos, drafting constituent
correspondence, and other administrative duties.
The staff assistant may also assist with constituent services and manage special
projects as needed. Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity
employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic
information, disability, or uniformed service. Starting salary is $50,000.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (3 pages or less)
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Office Administrator” in
the subject line.

MEM-328-23

SUMMARY:
The Office of Congressman Frank J. Mrvan seeks a Correspondence Manager
to handle general mail program operations, issue-specific constituent
communications, and legislative research.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting and editing constituent
correspondence, tracking legislation, meeting with constituents and interest
groups, briefing the Congressman, and generally ensuring a timely and accurate
constituent mail program. Candidate must be highly dependable, detail-focused,
value responsiveness to constituents, and have superior organizational and
writing skills. Knowledge of the legislative process and Indiana ties a plus.
Female and minority candidates are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to Kevin.Spicer@mail.house.gov with “Correspondence Manager” in the subject
line.
Page 13 of 25

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•In a timely fashion, completes research, drafting, and editing responses to
constituents letters on federal matters;
•Tracks legislation through the Committee, House floor, Senate and conference
committee processes in designated issue areas, and briefs the Congressman;
•Collaborates with other members of the legislative and communication staff to
edit and draft correspondence; acts as a liaison with constituents, interest groups,
committee and agency staffs in designated issue areas;
•Ensures that inquiries and requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate
staff member and responded to in a timely manner;
•Documents, organizes, and summarizes constituent opinions on issues
communicated to the office;
•Prepares weekly correspondence drafts and summaries for review by the
Member,
•Performs special projects as assigned by the Chief of Staff or Legislative
Director.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Superior oral and written communication skills;
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Knowledge of Internet Quorum and adhering consistency to a letter writing
standard and guide is a plus.
MEM-326-23

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a high-energy, highly-organized,
and detail-oriented Constituent Service Representative for his office in
Germantown, MD.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Staffer will primarily staff the District Office located in Germantown, MD.
Occasional travel to other offices in the district as needed.
•Serve as the official representative for the Member in the community.
•Act as liaison with federal, state, and local government agencies, political
officials, community leaders, and other community organizations to form
effective relationships for the Member.
•Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
•Monitor and update the Member and District Director on local issues of
importance.
•Staff and provide logistical support for district meetings and events for the
Member.
•Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
•Answer correspondence and verbal communications with constituents in a
timely manner.
Page 14 of 25

•Office administrative duties as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
•Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
•Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
•Thorough knowledge of the legislative process.
•Knowledge of all issues in the district in which the Member is involved.
•Maryland ties are a plus.
•Ability to speak Spanish is a plus.
The Office of Congressman David Trone strongly values the diversity of our
employees and strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply.
Ideal candidates will have 1-2 years of work experience in a relevant field.
(public service, political campaigns, issue advocacy, community organizing, etc.)
Starting salary for this position will be between 50-55k plus full benefits
depending on experience.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to MD06.jobs@gmail.com with
“Constituent Service Representative - Germantown” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins.
MEM-325-23

The Democratic staff of the House Natural Resources Committee (HNRC),
Subcommittee on Federal Lands, seeks a Professional Staff Member (PSM) to
play a lead role in planning, coordinating, and executing the legislative and
oversight agenda of Ranking Member Grijalva and HNRC Democrats.
The ideal candidate is a creative thinker with a sophisticated understanding of the
subcommittee’s jurisdiction, including but not limited to the National Park
Service, the Bureau of Land Management, and the U.S Forest Service.
The PSM will work directly with the Staff Director of the Subcommittee on
Federal Lands to assist Natural Resources Committee lawmakers and their staff
to develop legislation on a broad range of issues, including public land
management priorities, historic preservation, and conservation matters.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates a clear understanding of the policies, laws,
and politics of U.S. public land management, with a particular emphasis on the

Page 15 of 25

U.S. Forest Service. Thorough understanding of the legislative process, House
organization and procedure, and the overall jurisdiction of HNRC.
The strongest candidate will be able to prepare briefing materials, questions, and
statements for hearings, markups, and other committee business and to develop
communications materials succinctly explaining the work of the subcommittee.
Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and concerns of
individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations. Understands
how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in the
U.S. and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems.
Salary is commensurate with experience, plus benefits.
Full job description and instructions on how to apply can be found on our
website https://democrats-naturalresources.house.gov/contact/job-postings
MEM-323-23

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful. The ideal candidate will have significant
experience interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication
skills and a working knowledge or strong interest in the District of Columbia and
its local government. Candidate must possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be
willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-321-23

The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a
Press/Digital Assistant.

Page 16 of 25

The ideal candidate is an excellent writer, works well in a team, has a keen
attention to detail, and can meet tight deadlines under pressure. This position is
responsible for drafting social media copy, creating graphics, producing videos
highlighting the work of Rep. Spanberger for Virginia’s Seventh District, editing
photos and videos, drafting advisories, assisting with media monitoring, and
overseeing clips collection and distribution. This position may require work
outside standard office hours.
Rep. Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed
service.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to spanbergerpressva07@gmail.com. We also recommend applicants submit 1-2
sample writing samples or sample graphics/videos.
MEM-319-23

Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (OR-06) seeks a Chief of Staff based in her
Washington, DC office.
The Chief of Staff will provide all necessary organization, supervisory leadership,
and motivation to staff as they work towards the Member’s goals across the DC
and district offices; approving strategies and tactics on legislative issues; keeping
Member up to date on all important emerging and ongoing issues as it pertains to
office and district; and oversee the administration of office goals, policies and
procedures.
Qualifications include strong oral and written communication skills, thorough
knowledge of the legislative process and of House organization and procedures,
knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments, an understanding
of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved, political
acumen, and the ability to manage and lead a team. We are also looking for a
team player who is committed to fostering a positive work environment.
Candidates with knowledge of or ties to Oregon is a plus.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified
candidates are encouraged to apply.
Please email a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: Chief of Staff. This position
will be open until filled.

MEM-313-23

The Office of Congressman Donald M. Payne, Jr. seeks a highly motivated,
organized, and creative Senior Legislative Assistant to handle the Homeland
Page 17 of 25

Security Committee, judiciary, defense, science, and foreign affairs portfolios.
Responsibilities include identifying and developing legislative initiatives, briefing
and staffing the member for stakeholder meetings, managing the member’s work
on the House Committee on Homeland Security, and other responsibilities as
needed.
The ideal candidate will have at least three years of policy experience, excellent
written and oral communications skills, an understanding of the legislative
process, and a strong knowledge of issues related to the House Committee on
Homeland Security.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples in a single
PDF to resumes.nj10@gmail.com. Applications will be accepted on a rolling
basis.
MEM-310-23

Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs,
House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
Core Responsibilities:
•Serve as the principal advisor to the full Committee Chairman, subcommittee
Chairman, and Republican Members for issues under the jurisdiction of the
Subcommittee.
•Provide in-depth policy analysis and political strategy for issues that fall under
the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
•Lead and supervise the implementation of the Subcommittee’s legislative
initiatives including the formulation, drafting, introduction, passage, negotiation,
and enactment of all legislation under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
•Supervise the Subcommittee staff in the organization of, and preparation for,
hearings, to include determination of the Republican agenda, briefing of
witnesses and Members, and drafting remarks and questions for Chairman.
•Conduct informational and oversight meetings with Administration officials, VA
and other agencies, Veteran Service Organizations, non-profit organizations,
industry experts, and veterans on all issues under the jurisdiction of the
Subcommittee.
•Plan and supervise implementation of the Subcommittee’s oversight agenda of
issues within its jurisdiction, including sending requests for information, writing
oversight letters, conducting oversight visits, reviewing document productions,
cultivating sources of information, determining the veracity of information
received, and other oversight measures, as needed.
•Build relationships with internal and external partners, including Veteran Service
Organizations, member offices, industry, and contacts within the Department of
Veterans Affairs and other government agencies to promote and enact the
legislative and oversight agenda of the Subcommittee, and that of the full
Committee Chairman.
•Represent and discuss the full Committee or Subcommittee Chairman’s views at
various conferences and speaking events.
Page 18 of 25

•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staff
Director, or Deputy Staff Director; as needed.
Minimum Qualifications:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science
•At least five to seven years of relevant policy or legislative experience.
Required Skills:
•Ability to lead and mentor Subcommittee staff
•Team oriented
•Ability to establish working relationships
•Strong writing and editing skills
•Problem solving
•Strong verbal communication
•Ability to work well under pressure
•Attention to detail
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, three professional
references, and three writing samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“DAMA Staff Director” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-309-23

Rep. Raul Ruiz, M.D., the Ranking Member of the House Select Subcommittee
on the Coronavirus Pandemic, is seeking a Senior Counsel to join the
Democratic staff of the Select Subcommittee.
Responsibilities include conducting depositions and transcribed interviews,
drafting reports and memoranda, negotiating with counsel, and preparing for
congressional hearings. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work
well under pressure, be self-motivated, and enjoy collaborative work
Page 19 of 25

environments. A minimum of four years of legal experience is required, with
prior experience in direct investigations or congressional oversight strongly
preferred.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Senior Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover
letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.
MEM-305-23

DPCC COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – The House Democratic Policy
and Communications Committee seeks an experienced Communications Director.
The Communications Director will work with the Executive Director to design
and execute strategies that advance the message priorities and values of House
Democrats; create messaging guidance, event suggestions, sample releases, and
other communications tools; help Democratic offices pitch stories, hold strong
local press events, and position Members in the media; and assist in bolstering
paid communications programs in Democratic offices.
The Communications Director is also expected to assist with the planning and
execution of regular DPCC message meetings and policy dinners; support DPCC
outreach initiatives; and assist with daily tasks and long-term planning. Spanish
language fluency and experience with constituency media is strongly preferred.
This is not an entry-level position; a strong background in communications on
Capitol Hill is required. DPCC is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex,
gender, LGBTQ+ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people
of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. DPCC
will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
To apply, please email jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF: 1. Cover letter; 2. Résumé;
Page 20 of 25

3. Two writing samples, with one coming from work on Capitol Hill; and 4. Two
references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email,
and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not
contact these references without contacting you first).
MEM-300-23

Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-O4) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working,
skilled and experienced Legislative Director to help shape and manage a robust
legislative portfolio.
Congressman Horsford is a member of the Armed Services and Financial
Services Committees, Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, and an active
frontline member. Previous legislative experience on Capitol Hill is required, and
Nevada ties are a plus. Ideal candidates will have experience managing and
mentoring staff, thinking strategically and will possess a sophisticated
understanding of the legislative process, along with excellent writing,
organizational and time management skills. The ideal candidate will primarily be
responsible for managing a legislative portfolio that consists of healthcare, taxes,
gun violence prevention, and other issues.
Candidates should be creative, proactive and self-motivated, and have an ability
to operate effectively under pressure and work closely in a team atmosphere in
this fast-moving, dynamic office.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or parental
status. Women, people of color and LGBTQAI+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply, as are candidates with Nevada ties.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience, along with generous
benefits and professional development opportunities.
Interested candidates must include a cover letter, resume, two page max writing
sample and three professional references in a single PDF file.
Email submissions to the Director of Administration, Selena Harvey
at nv04resumes@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-LD-23_last name". No calls please. Individuals selected for an
interview will be contacted.

MEM-276-23

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Majority Staff
REPORTS TO: Majority Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance
and Memorial Affairs

Page 21 of 25

CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with duties as assigned.
DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with full Committee hearings on matters within Subcommittee
jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
•Reviewing the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and
other publications for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Majority agenda, briefing of Members, and development
of questions;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Drafting remarks for Chairman and suggested questions for hearings;
•Preparation of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee
Chairman on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staff
Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee staff, as needed.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
REQUIRED SKILLS:
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Attention to detail.
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
Page 22 of 25

•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and three writing
samples to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“DAMA Republican Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins,
please.
MEM-267-23

Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (OR-06) seeks a Legislative Director based in
her Washington, DC office. She is a freshman member in a battleground district
who serves on the House Agriculture Committee, the House Science, Space, and
Technology Committee, and the Congressional Executive Commission on China.
She also serves in leadership for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the
Democratic Women’s Caucus and is a member of the New Democrat Coalition
and the Congressional Progressive Caucus.
The Legislative Director oversees the development of policy positions and
legislative initiatives and supervises the office's legislative staff. This position
also meets with constituents and stakeholders on behalf of the Member and serves
as the primary contact for legislative issues with caucuses and committees. The
Legislative Director will advise the Member on all legislative areas.
Other responsibilities include managing a legislative portfolio; monitoring
legislative activity on the House floor and overseeing long-term and short-term
legislative planning for the Member; supervising the mail program and working
closely with the Legislative Correspondent and legislative team to build a letter
library and facilitate constituent correspondence; managing the progression of
bills with which the Member is involved as they move from Committee to the
floor; recommending strategies and tactics on bills and positions and overseeing
the Community Project Funding process.

Page 23 of 25

Qualifications include strong oral and written communication skills, thorough
knowledge of the legislative process and of House organization and procedures,
knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments, an understanding
of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved, political
acumen, and the ability to manage and lead a team. We are also looking for a
team player who is committed to fostering a positive work environment. Previous
Hill experience is required. Candidates with health care and/or agricultural policy
and knowledge of or ties to Oregon is a plus.
This is not an entry-level position and previous legislative experience on Capitol
Hill is required Salary range for this position is $100,000 to $110,000 + benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified
candidates are encouraged
to apply.
Please email a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: Legislative Director. This
position will be open until filled.
MEM-259-23

The office of a conservative, mid-western Member of Congress seeks a
Communications Assistant to work in the DC office and help develop and
execute an effective communications strategy.
The ideal candidate is:
•innovative, confident, and detail-oriented,
•a strong and effective verbal and written communicator,
•capable of consistently producing high-quality work product,
•able to effectively communicate with a variety of audiences using social media
and other platforms,
•willing to work long hours, including some time on weekends, and under tight
deadlines,
•able to react to unanticipated circumstances requiring fast and effective
response,
•interested in political and government topics and news from a variety of sources,
•committed to contributing to a team dynamic based on respect, collaboration,
and transparency.
Job responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•compiling and distributing daily press clips,
•producing content for social media and the official website,
•writing speeches, opinion editorials, talking points, press releases, and similar
content,
•preparing the Member for media opportunities and public appearances,
•photographing events, hearings, and other public functions,
•research to support communications activities,
Page 24 of 25

•monitoring national, state, and local news for stories relevant for the office,
•assisting with all other communications-related tasks that are necessary to
execute a communications strategy.
This position is for someone early in their career with one to four years of
experience working in a professional setting with at least some exposure to
communications-related work.
Applicants must complete a writing sample as part of the interview process.
Interested applicants should email CommsApplicants@gmail.com with:
•a cover letter,
•resume,
•at least three professional references, and
•any relevant work samples (e.g. - writing, video, creative)

Page 25 of 25

