________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 21, 2021

MEM-202-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Government
Reform, Democratic (Majority) Staff —Counsel (District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn
Maloney (D-NY) seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of investigative or
litigation experience. Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews,
briefings, and managing congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the
file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.

Page 1 of 13

MEM-201-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Government
Reform, Democratic (Majority) Staff —Chief Health Counsel (District of
Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn
Maloney (D-NY) is looking for an experienced attorney to lead a team of
attorneys and professional staff in executing the Committee’s health and gender
equity-related investigations and oversight work.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of relevant
investigative, litigation, or regulatory experience. Responsibilities include
managing investigations, taking depositions and transcribed interviews, and
managing congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Chief Health Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover
letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-200-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Government
Reform, Democratic (Majority) Staff – Employment / Whistleblower Protection
Investigative Counsel Position (District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn
Maloney (D-NY) is looking for an Investigative Counsel on the Democratic staff.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of litigation experience,
a demonstrated commitment to civil rights and social justice, and a background in
anti-discrimination, employment, whistleblower protection, and retaliation laws.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, whistleblower
interviews, briefings, and managing congressional hearings. Candidates must
have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and
possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Employment / Whistleblower Protection” in the subject line. Please attach the
Page 2 of 13

resume and cover letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
MEM-199-21

The House Committee on the Judiciary seeks a Professional Staff
Member/Legislative Aide. Responsibilities include participating in a wide range
of oversight projects, assisting in preparation for Committee hearings and
markups, and providing research assistance.
Ideal candidates must be comfortable producing extensive research into a variety
of issues and have demonstrated experience proof-reading and fact-checking
complex documents. Candidates should additionally be highly detailed-oriented
and organized, experienced handling large volumes of information, and have a
demonstrated ability to meet precise deadlines in a fast-paced setting.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. The anticipated start date for
this position is in August.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter
to Job.JDEM@mail.house.gov with the subject: PSM/LA - [Your Full Name].

MEM-198-21

The House Committee on the Judiciary seeks a Professional Staff
Member/Legislative Aide. Responsibilities include participating in a wide range
of oversight projects, assisting in preparation for Committee hearings and
markups, and providing research assistance.
Ideal candidates must be comfortable producing extensive research into a variety
of issues and have demonstrated experience proof-reading and fact-checking
complex documents. Candidates should additionally be highly detailed-oriented
and organized, experienced handling large volumes of information, and have a
demonstrated ability to meet precise deadlines in a fast-paced setting.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. The anticipated start date for
this position is in August.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter
to Job.JDEM@mail.house.gov with the subject: PSM/LA - [Your Full Name].

Page 3 of 13

MEM-197-21

Rep. Sharice Davids (KS-03) seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle various
issue areas. The position is in her Washington, DC office. Candidates should
possess knowledge of the legislative process and congressional operations.
Legislative experience is required, and Hill experience is preferred.
This position requires excellent communication and organizational skills, and the
ability to work well in a fast-paced environment. Applicants should be detailoriented and extremely organized, possess superior writing and editing skills, and
be able to manage and prioritize a variety of assignments at one time.
Responsibilities include: formulating and evaluating legislative initiates, tracking
legislation, coordinating with other member offices and other caucuses within the
House, and representing the office with stakeholders.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to a diverse and
inclusive workforce. To apply, please email a cover letter and resume
to ks03.jobs@mail.house.gov by COB June 25, 2021. A writing test will be
required. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-196-21

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking a Legislative
Assistant to handle a broad portfolio centered around health, Seniors, Social
Security, reproductive justice, women’s rights, and environmental issues. This
position requires the ability to advance Congresswoman Jayapal's legislative
priorities, such as Medicare for All, and other progressive policies in their issue
portfolio.
The ideal candidate will possess strong strategic thinking, planning and execution
skills. Additionally, candidates should have strong oral and written
communication skills and the ability to work well under pressure.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Driving current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as speeches,
policy memos, and factsheets;
●Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for relevant committee hearing and
markups; drafting hearing remarks and questions;
●Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
●Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and
Committee offices; and
●Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
●3 - 5 years of relevant experience including policy development and analysis;
issue advocacy; and strategic planning;
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
Page 4 of 13

●Excellent writing and time management skills;
●Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
appropriate for the office;
●Poised, level-headed, flexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.
Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
references in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Assistant: [Applicant’s First and Last Name]” in the subject line. For priority
consideration, please submit your application by 6:00 pm on Friday, June 25th.
No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-195-21

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking a
Counsel/Legislative Assistant.
Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), a member of the House Judiciary
Committee, the Budget Committee, Education and Labor Committee, and Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, seeks an experienced
Counsel/Legislative Assistant to cover a broad Judiciary portfolio that includes,
but is not limited to: antitrust, criminal justice, elections, intellectual property and
democracy. Note that as Congresswoman Jayapal is the Vice Chair of the
Antitrust, Commercial and Administrative Subcommittee of the House Judiciary
Committee, antitrust will be a particular focus.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Driving current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as speeches,
policy memos, and factsheets;
●Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for relevant committee hearing and
markups; drafting hearing remarks and questions;
●Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
●Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and
Committee offices; and
●Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●Excellent writing and time management skills;
●Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
appropriate for the office;
Page 5 of 13

●Poised, level-headed, flexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.
Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
references in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Assistant: [Applicant’s First and Last Name]” in the subject line. For priority
consideration, please submit your application by 6:00 pm on Wednesday, June
23rd.. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-192-21

The Office of Congressman Greg Pence is seeking an experienced Legislative
Assistant to handle a broad portfolio of off-committee issues including
agriculture, transportation and infrastructure, tax, financial services, education,
judiciary, and veteran's affairs.
The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of agriculture and tax issues,
solid grasp of House procedure, excellent writing and organizational skills, and
be a team player. Job responsibilities include developing and advancing
legislation and amendments, monitoring floor activity, and collaborating with the
district office and external stakeholders. This is not an entry level position.
Indiana ties strongly preferred.
Email to send resume (and other items if requested) to: Qualified applicants
should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to gopresumesubmission@gmail.com

MEM-191-21

Midwest conservative House Republican seeks an experienced Senior
Legislative Assistant to lead key policy initiatives.
SUMMARY:
The Senior Legislative Assistant develops and plans legislative initiatives and
monitors legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor.
This position requires the individual have thorough knowledge of parliamentary
process and House rules. A qualified candidate will have 3-5 years of legislative
experience and a record of effectiveness within legislative department.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas which include:
1.devising a legislative plan;
2.drafting the plan into legislative form;
3.planning, coordinating and scheduling introduction of legislation in the House
Page 6 of 13

(or offering it on an appropriate vehicle if it is in an amendment);
4.gathering support for a bill or amendment from other Members, as well as
appropriate interest groups;
5.working with committees on legislation;
6.coordinating legislative support to get the bill passed in the House.
*Tracks legislation and other developments in his or her assigned issue areas and
briefs the Member for floor work, committee work, work in the district, and
outside House-related activities;
*Monitors legislative developments within committees;
*Plans and coordinates co-sponsorship and support of other legislation;
*Monitors legislation on the House floor, providing the Member with information
on each vote;
*Writes Floor speeches for the Member;
*If assigned to issues pending before a specific committee, prepares for and
attends committee meetings and hearings with or without the Member (i.e., keeps
in contact with committee staff and meets with interest groups and constituents
with interests in such meetings);
*Acts as a liaison with committee and agency staffs;
*Performs special projects assigned by the Member or Chief of Staff
*Meets with constituents and interest groups;
*Provides information on and generates ideas for press, mass mailings, and
newsletters;
*Drafts press releases in issue areas and provides background on media inquiries;
*Answers constituent letters and helps constituents on federal matters;
*Supervises interns with regard to legislative issues and constituent responses;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
*A bachelor’s degree or higher education level is preferred, including strong
academic credentials.
*at least 3-5 years of legislative experience;
*strong leadership and organizational skills;
*excellent oral and written communication skills;
*thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
*ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*thoroughness and careful attention to detail; and
*availability to work long hours and at night.
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications
Page 7 of 13

Interested candidates should email a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to: indianagopjobs@gmail.com
MEM-185-21

The District Office Staff Assistant shall be responsible for managing the district
office administrative functions. They shall manage incoming constituent
communications, organize, and maintain correspondence and outreach material
and handle all Congressional greeting requests. The Staff Assistant shall report
directly to the District Director.
Specific duties include but are not limited to:
•Answers and logs incoming phone calls, conducts casework intake, and greets
office visitors
•Manages and tracks all incoming and outgoing mail to include timely
submission of monthly reports
•Manages district written outreach efforts by drafting and preparing certificates
and letters
•Identifies event and correspondence opportunities
•Maintains organized filing system of newsletters, brochures, and reports
•Manages office supply requisitions and inventory lists
•Staffs the Congressman and serves as staff representative for the Congressman at
meetings and events.
•Supervises the District Office intern program to include recruitment, training,
and management
•Assists with planning, organizing, and executing district outreach efforts.
•Plans, organizes, and leads execution of the Congressional Art Competition.
Position Qualifications:
•Bachelor’s degree (B.A.) in Political Science, Public Relations,
Communications, or relevant studies preferred but not required.
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Highly organized with strict attention to detail
•Congressional Office or similar experience preferred but not required
•Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook, or similar experience preferred
Representative Casten’s Office is an affirmative action/equal opportunity
employer dedicated to building a community of excellence, equity, and diversity.
It welcomes applications from women, underrepresented minorities, individuals
with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual minority groups and other candidates
who will lead and contribute to the diversification and enrichment of ideas and
perspectives.
To apply please submit a cover letter, resume and three writing samples
to Constituent.ServicesIL06@mail.house.gov.
Subject Line: District Staff Assistant

Page 8 of 13

MEM-184-21

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – Congressman Mark Pocan (WI-02),
member of both the House Appropriations and Education & Labor Committees,
is seeking an experienced and self-motivated Communications Director to
manage office's press and communications operations.
Candidates must possess strong writing skills, a good sense of humor, creativity,
the ability to operate in a fast-paced office under strict deadlines, and be able to
work collaboratively with both DC and district staff.
Ideal candidates should have previous Capitol Hill experience, extensive national
media contacts, a background working with both print and electronic media, and
experience working with radio / TV bookers.
Candidates should also have experience managing multiple social media accounts
and familiarity with digital media, graphic design and the skills necessary to
convey a political message to an audience through multiple forms of media.
Responsibilities include coordinating day-to-day press operations and outreach,
developing strategic communications strategies, serving as spokesperson,
handling interview requests, proactively pitching national / local media, and
drafting press releases, social content, talking points, op-eds and speeches. The
Communications Director also manages a digital director / press secretary. Hill
experience strongly preferred. This is NOT an entry level position.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Communications Director” in
the Subject Line. Job opening closes COB on Friday, June 25th.
No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.

MEM-183-21

The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the
Internet seeks a hard-working lawyer with significant legal experience to serve as
counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Subcommittee on matters of law and policy; drafting legislation; coordinating
hearings and witnesses; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and
providing guidance to offices both on and off the Subcommittee on intellectual
property and court-related issues.
A strong background in intellectual property, court-related matters, or both is
required. Exceptional writing skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to
Page 9 of 13

work closely and collaboratively with other congressional offices and advocacy
organizations are also strongly preferred.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Courts/IP Counsel” in the subject
line.
MEM-177-21

Policy Aide - Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources
The Democratic staff of the House Natural Resources Committee seeks an
organized, enthusiastic, and detail-oriented Policy Aide on the Energy and
Mineral Resources Subcommittee. The position requires organizational, time
management, verbal, and written communications skills, as well as the ability to
work in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates should be passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction and possess basic knowledge of the Committee process.
The position also requires a firm commitment to the Committee’s Diversity,
Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) goals and the ability to take on higher-level tasks as
needed.
The Policy Aide will be responsible for managing the logistics of subcommittee
hearings, providing administrative services to Members and staff, and assisting
the Subcommittee team with legislative, oversight, outreach, and press projects.
Primary Responsibilities:
•Serving as the face of the Subcommittee by greeting visitors, taking calls, and
coordinating with Member offices.
•Managing all administrative aspects of hearings.
•Contacting witnesses and managing their hearing materials.
•Drafting, editing, and/or organizing hearing memorandum, statements, and
questions.
•Drafting, editing, and/or organizing Subcommittee information for Committee
bill reports.
•Drafting, editing, and/or organizing Committee letters and document requests.
•Taking meetings on behalf of Subcommittee staff.
•Coordinating schedules with the Subcommittee Chair and the Chief Clerk.
•Assist the Chief Clerk during Full Committee Markups, as needed.

Page 10 of 13

The position is based in Washington, D.C., although is currently remote. The
Policy Aide will be expected to work in office when we resume normal
operations. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, address your application materials to Staff Director of Energy and
Mineral Resources, Becky Cairns at NRDems.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “HNRC EMR PA Application” by COB Friday June 25th, 2021.
Include a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample.
If you have not heard back by July 23rd, we have moved forward with another
candidate.
MEM-172-21

Rural Oregon Congressman seeks a driven and organized individual to serve as a
Field Representative/Caseworker in the Representative’s district office in
Oregon. Ideal candidates will have a bachelor’s degree, excellent written and
verbal communication skills, impeccable time management skills, and an ability
to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
Duties Include:
•Acts as the grass roots representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, verbal
communications with constituents, and acting as liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies. The individual will also engage with city, county, district, the
chamber of commerce, and other groups to form effective relationships with the
Member;
•Assesses casework for issues requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and/or Chief of Staff;
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information significant
to the office;
•Prepares reports for the Congressman and Chief of Staff on district activities in
his or her assigned issue areas; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Working Conditions:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment, but the Field
Representative/Caseworker will often need to attend and participate in meetings
and public functions out of the office, which at times will include evenings and
weekend events; and
•Ability to work with coworkers in an office setting.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume
to ResumesOR@mail.house.gov.

MEM-171-21

Congressman Dan Kildee seeks a full-time press secretary in Washington, D.C.
Page 11 of 13

The press secretary will help manage communications in a fast-paced
congressional office for a member of House Democratic leadership.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging and include responding to daily media
inquiries, building relationships with national, state and local reporters, pitching
and booking frequent national cable interviews, writing press releases, statements
and media advisories, creating and managing social media content, including
graphics and videos, drafting speeches, talking points and op-eds, and creating
franked communications, including mailers and telephone townhalls. The press
secretary will also be responsible for managing a full-time press assistant and
press interns.
Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills, a selfstarting personality, a desire to continually learn in political communications, and
an eagerness to work in a collaborative office environment. This is not an entrylevel position. Michigan ties and Adobe Creative Suite skills preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the

Page 12 of 13

basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
MEM-162-21

STAFF ASSISTANT: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks a staff
assistant in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include managing the front office, answering phones, processing
and logging constituent mail, greeting visitors, monitoring office deliveries,
scheduling assistance, responding to inquiries, assisting with constituent
casework, and other duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills. Additionally,
successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven personality,
demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and show keen
attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a resume, writing sample, and cover letter (3 pages or less)
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Staff Assistant” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 13 of 13

