House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 1, 2019

MEM-165-19

The Office of Congressman Juan Vargas is seeking a bilingual, high energy,
highly-organized, and detail- oriented Military and Veterans
Liaison/Caseworker for his San Diego County District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as an official representative for the Member throughout communities
in the District.
•Act as liaison to federal, district, and local government agencies and elected
officials.
•Establish and maintain effective relationships with military, veterans and
community organizations.
•Monitor local issues of importance and keep the District Director updated.
•Provide logistical support and staff the Member at district meetings and
events.
•Assess local and casework-related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director and Chief
of Staff.
•Respond to casework correspondence and inquiries from constituents.

Page 1 of 9

•Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• A candidate with a background in and/or understanding of military/veteran
issues.
• Veterans, reservists, women, and minorities are strongly encouraged to
apply.
• Ability to work non-traditional hours, including nights and weekends.
• Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills in English and
Spanish.
• Ability to work with staff at all levels, work well under pressure and be
detail-oriented.
• Possess an understanding of the federal legislative process.
• Ability to quickly learn about key issues and events in the district for which
the Member is involved.
• A qualified applicant must possess a valid California driver’s license with
the ability to travel as needed.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to cajobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-160-19

Northern Virginia office seeks a Case Worker for the district office to handle
health care, Social Security and veterans’ issues, as well as occasional other
duties, such as events and some outreach. This office has a high and steady
volume of case work, and the applicant should be someone who is interested
in the subject area, patient and ready to juggle.
This person will join a (congenial!) four-person Rosslyn office, so must be
collaborative and available to jump in on other tasks, such as answering
phones in the office, and occasionally staffing the Congressman at various
events, including some evening and weekend hours. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and minority candidates and candidates of diverse
backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. Please send resume and cover
letter to beyerstaff@gmail.com.

MEM-159-19

Congresswoman Susan Wild is seeking an enthusiastic, self-motivated,
creative and tech-savvy Digital Communications Assistant/Manager to
work in her Washington, D.C. office. The Digital Communications
Assistant/Manager would work closely with the Communications Director to
produce high-quality, innovative digital content and manage social media
platforms and franking program to amplify Rep. Wild’s work and proactively
reach constituents utilizing all available digital mediums. This position is
primarily responsible for managing the development and process of highvisibility public content for social media, email, and website. Along with
drafting social media posts, graphics, video and newsletters, this candidate
will manage all social media platforms, using data-driven analytics to boost
engagement. 1+ years of comms/digital experience required. Ability to take
Page 2 of 9

initiative and work within a team under tight deadlines is a must. Fluency in
Spanish is a bonus. Sense of humor strongly encouraged.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and digital samples
to wildresumespa7@gmail.com with the subject line: Digital
Communications Assistant/Manager
MEM-156-19

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07),
Co-Chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking an experienced
and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover economic policy issues
including housing, trade, infrastructure, and the Congresswoman’s work on
the House Committee on the Budget. The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years
of Hill experience, a good understanding of House procedures, and a deep
understanding of economic policy. This is not an entry level position.
Candidates with graduate training in law, public policy, or social science are
preferred.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements
and legislative memos, preparing briefing materials, and advising the
Congresswoman on economic policy.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color,
LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or
district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
and references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-155-19

Staff Assistant
The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis is seeking a staff assistant
to support the administrative needs of the Committee. The staff assistant will
answer telephones, greet visitors, and assist with administrative duties related
to committee hearings and other committee business. Candidates should
possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail. Salary
commensurate with experience. Please send resume and cover letter to
SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. The
Committee is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-154-19

Clerk
The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis is seeking a clerk to
manage committee business in the 116th Congress. Duties include, but are not
limited to, record-keeping, circulating committee notices, managing
Page 3 of 9

committee hearing logistics and proceedings, supervising interns, updating
and maintaining the Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned.
Candidates should possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to
detail. Previous congressional experience is preferred. Salary commensurate
with experience. Please send resume and cover letter to
SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Clerk” in the subject line. The
Committee is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-153-19

Counsel/Professional Staff Member
The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis is seeking a professional
staff member or counsel to work on climate mitigation policy for the
Committee’s Democratic staff. Previous experience working on climate
mitigation and decarbonization policy is required. Congressional experience
is a plus. Responsibilities include planning and staffing congressional
hearings, conducting in-depth analysis on policy options for deep
decarbonization, writing and editing, and communicating with stakeholders.
Successful candidates will be detail-oriented and possess strong
communication and writing skills. Advanced degree preferred but not
required for all positions, as experience in climate policy may be equally
relevant. Salary commensurate with skills and experience. Please send resume
and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Counsel/Professional
Staff” in the subject line. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-150-19

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and
hardworking Staff Assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The staff assistant will be responsible for answering phones, processing mail,
assisting with constituent requests for information, coordinating tours,
drafting correspondence, and other administrative duties and projects as
needed. The person also will handle some light press assistant duties,
including compiling press clips, monitoring media, drafting e-newsletters and
press releases, updating the website, and fielding some media inquiries.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, and committed to
individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The applicant must possess excellent communication and time-management
skills, the ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to
work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "staff assistant applicant" in the subject
line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
Page 4 of 9

MEM-149-19

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties
include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of
committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up
committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with
accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all
Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional
telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and
Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to
use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in
assisting with daily tasks and projects. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $30,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-142-19

Legislative Assistant – Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic,
motivated and organized lawyer with strong interpersonal, legal and writing
skills. The ideal candidate will be able to manage multiple tasks and work
well under pressure. The Legislative Assistant works with the Chief
Counsel/Legislative Director and with the Chief of Staff to develop and
implement the Member’s legislative strategy in his/her issue areas; prepares
materials for hearings; drafts legislation, amendments, and congressional
record statements; and conducts research. The ability to write well under tight
deadlines is essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented, problem
solving lawyer and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior
Hill, law firm or similar experience is preferred but not always required.
Candidate must possess a law degree and be, or be willing to become, a
resident of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience
level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-136-19

Democratic Member seeks a Legislative Assistant to develop and plan
legislative initiatives and monitor legislative developments on the House floor
on assigned issues. The ideal candidate will be suited to: Track legislation and
other developments in his/her assigned issue areas; monitor legislative
developments within relevant committees; plan and coordinate cosponsorship and support of other legislation; monitor legislation on the House
floor, provide the Member with information on each vote within their
assigned issue areas; draft talking points; perform special projects assigned by
the Member, the Chief of Staff, or the Legislative Director; meet with
Page 5 of 9

constituent/interest groups. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to
legassistant900@gmail.com.
MEM-135-19

Democrat seeks Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
depending on qualifications to handle financial services, tax, economic issues,
and other domestic policy issues. Candidate must have Congressional
experience and understand the legislative process. A successful applicant will
possess strong writing and verbal communication skills, work well with
others, and be comfortable in a fast-paced environment. To apply, please send
a resume and cover letter to financeservicesla@gmail.com

MEM-133-19

Environmental Counsel/Professional Staff Member
The Committee on Energy and Commerce Majority is seeking a counsel or
professional staff to focus on environmental issues within the Committee’s
jurisdiction. Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, preparing
hearings, and coordinating with stakeholders and member offices. Ideal
candidates will have a law degree or advanced scientific degree, a
demonstrated interest in environmental protection, and some public policy
experience. Please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to
ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer.
Diverse candidates, women, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-132-19

Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke is hiring a Communications Director to
work in her Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include
communications planning and press strategy for D.C. and the district; drafting
press materials including: remarks, talking points, newsletters, statements,
press releases, and media advisories; pitching media events; assisting with the
management of the Congresswoman’s social media accounts; interview
preparation; and overseeing the office’s franked mail and digital programs.
The ideal candidate is a strong writer, politically savvy, detail-oriented,
flexible, creative, and a self-starter. Occasional travel to the district and nontraditional hours - including night and weekend work - should be expected.
Strong ties to New York press preferred. Interested candidates should send a
cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
ResumeNY@mail.house.gov and include “Communications Director” in the
subject line.

MEM-131-19

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced and well-organized Scheduler for the Representative’s
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Developing, coordinating, and managing all aspects of the Representative’s
daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the district, as well as tracking,
evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests;
•Coordinating all travel for the Representative and her staff, filing travel
Page 6 of 9

receipts, and other logistical support tasks as required;
•Working closely with and supporting the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of
Staff, District Director, and Communications Director to ensure smooth daily
schedules and operations;
•Other special projects as required.
The ideal candidate will be:
•Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
•A hard worker with excellent attention to detail;
•Adept at juggling complex schedules, competing equities;
•Able to anticipate problems, seek solutions, and effectively communicate
them to the Representative and her staff;
•Able to work long hours, including nights and weekends;
•Poised, patient, no-drama, and level-headed, with a sense of humor; and
•Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
This is not an entry-level position; 2-4 years of work experience are desired.
Applicants with prior work experience as a Scheduler, as well as experience
in fast-paced operational roles, are highly preferred.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color,
LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or
district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
and references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-129-19

New England Democrat and Member of the House Committee on Energy &
Commerce seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant to serve as primary
advisor on healthcare issues. Additional legislative issue areas include
veterans, defense, and foreign affairs. Responsibilities include but are not
limited to drafting legislation, memos, talking points; staffing and preparing
Member for committee hearings; maintaining relationships with stakeholders;
working closely with communications and district staff. This is not an entrylevel position. Successful applicants must be self-starters, highly organized,
demonstrate strong communications skills, possess a keen attention to detail,
and be willing to work in a fast-paced and team-oriented environment. New
England ties preferred. Please send resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or walk-ins.

MEM-127-19

Congressman Bill Posey (FL-08) seeks an experienced Scheduler/Executive
Assistant in Washington, DC. This is not an entry-level position and previous
Hill scheduling experience is required. Responsibilities include, but are not
limited to:
•Maintaining the Member’s schedule in Washington, DC and closely
Page 7 of 9

coordinating with our District Director as he maintains the Member’s
schedule in Florida
•Planning and scheduling the Member’s meetings, events, and speaking
engagements in DC
•Booking all travel and accommodations for the Members and for staff, as
needed
•Transporting the Member on official business- candidates must have a car
and good driving record
•Administering office purchasing and reimbursements for staff and the
Member
•Managing the staff on-and off-boarding process including ordering
technology, arranging parking/transportation benefits, ID cards, and necessary
paperwork
•Interviewing, hiring, training, and managing office interns
Candidates should be enthusiastic, personable, highly-organized, detailoriented, and must be able to function in a fast-paced team-oriented
environment. Interested applicants should send their resume and cover letter
with “Scheduler” in the subject line to fl08.applications@gmail.com.
MEM-123-19

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT: Midwestern Democratic Member is seeking
an experienced legislative staffer to handle a portfolio including health care
and education. Ideal candidate will have prior experience as a Legislative
Assistant or otherwise managing health care and education policy. Candidate
must be proficient at advancing legislation, analyzing and briefing on
complex policy issues, and drafting a wide array of written materials. Strong
written and verbal communication skills and a demonstrated ability to work
collaboratively in a team environment are critical. This is not an entry level
position and interns will not be considered. At least three years of Hill or
other relevant professional experience is required. Applicants should email a
resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to resume.la@mail.house.gov.

MEM-456-18

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is
currently seeking a Deputy Clerk to assist the Chief Clerk in the 116th
Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to archiving and records
keeping, notices and circulations, official filings, editing letters and reports,
hearing, markup and conference logistics and proceeding, bill drops and floor
logistics, redlines, updates to the website, managing intern and fellowship
program, maintaining the documents room, updating and maintaining the
Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned. Candidates should
possess exceptional organizational skills, be comfortable with public
speaking, and have excellent writing and research skills. The Deputy clerk
will be required to assume all clerking duties in the absence of the Chief
Clerk. Previous congressional experience is highly encouraged. Salary
commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should email their cover
letter, resume and writing sample to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. To

Page 8 of 9

ensure proper identification, please put “DEPUTY CLERK APPLICATION”
in the subject line.

Page 9 of 9

