________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 11, 2022

MEM-345-22

The Office of Congresswoman Deborah Ross is hiring a Press Assistant or
Press Secretary based out of her Washington, D.C. office.
This position works closely with the Communications Director to implement the
office’s communications strategy. Qualified applicants will have strong writing
skills and attention to detail, an understanding of social media platforms, and a
passion for creativity and digital media.
Primary Responsibilities:
•Manage all social media accounts, including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram,
and make creative digital content
•Draft press releases, talking points, remarks, statements, and advisories
•Assist with the coordination and preparation of national and local media
interviews
•Maintain the Congresswoman’s website and newsletter program
•Assist with creating digital ads and 499s
•Staff press events, including frequent travel to North Carolina to staff in-district
events and press conferences
Ideal candidates will be collaborative, organized, able to work in a fast-paced
environment, and have a great sense of humor. North Carolina ties and Capitol
Hill experience are preferred, but not required. Salary and title are commensurate
with experience.
Page 1 of 16

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and digital
sample to Josie.Feron@mail.house.gov. Digital portfolios are also welcome.
Application closes on Friday, July 15 at 5:00 pm ET.
MEM-339-22

The Office of Congresswoman Norma Torres seeks an Office Assistant for her
Ontario, California district office to assist with maintaining day-to-day operations
of the office.
Primary responsibilities include:
•Overseeing the front office;
•Greeting and screening visitors;
•Overseeing District Internship Program;
•Assisting with the scheduling process;
•Acting as backup for travel logistics;
•Organizing travel in the district;
•Providing administrative and technical support for the office;
•Answering constituent calls and documenting visitor opinions on issues
communicated via telephone;
•Checking office voicemail as necessary;
•Ensuring that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member
in a timely manner;
•Performing general administrative assignments as needed, including, but not
limited to: submitting monthly franked mail reports, assisting with expense
reimbursements, and tracking supply needs.
•Performing other duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized,
knowledgeable about the local community, able to multitask, and have strong
interpersonal skills. In particular, candidates must demonstrate excellent “people
skills," a willingness to learn, attention to detail, and a commitment to their local
community and helping others. Spanish language fluency a plus.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume
to CA35.OfficeStaff@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin,
uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

Page 2 of 16

MEM-337-22

The office of Congressman Josh Harder (CA-10) seeks a temporary staff
assistant through the end of the year. Interested applicants must be able to start
immediately.
Staff assistant duties include maintaining the front office, overseeing tours and
flag requests, assisting with legislative work and the intern program as needed,
and ensuring day-to-day operations run smoothly. Hill experience and California
state ties are a plus.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Diverse candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. Please mention any CA-10 ties in your cover letter.
To apply, please send your cover letter and resume
to harder.resumes@mail.house.gov and put “Temporary Staff Assistant – First
and Last Name” in the subject line.

MEM-329-22

District Director: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active and visible
constituent services staff.
The District Director must have the ability to provide the necessary organization,
leadership and motivation to manage and direct a very busy constituent services
office. The District Director plans, assigns and evaluates the work of a team of
constituent services representatives, while managing a portfolio of diverse citywide and neighborhood events that relate to the Congresswoman’s congressional
and constituent responsibilities, including staying on top of everyday events in
the Member’s district.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks. The ideal candidate will have a
bachelor’s degree, excellent writing and communication skills, experience
interacting with the public, leadership qualities and managerial experience.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move
immediately to DC if hired.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter and references
to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-325-22

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Caseworker to join her team in
Waterbury, CT.
Ideal candidates will have prior knowledge of federal agencies; excellent written
and verbal communication skills; strong organizational and time management
Page 3 of 16

skills; a positive attitude; and an ability to work under pressure and meet
deadlines in an fast-paced work environment. Bilingual applicants are preferred.
Duties include:
•Acting as the representative for the Congresswoman within their area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies, persons or groups for effective
relationships for the Congresswoman;
•Informing the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in
their assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
•Handling casework assignments and assesses casework for problems requiring
legislative action and makes recommendations to the District Director and Chief
of Staff;
•Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Congresswoman with constituents;
•Logging incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
•Preparing periodic reports for the Congresswoman and District Director on
pending cases and district activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
•Continually screening active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
•Maintaining up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested parties should e-mail a concise cover letter including salary
requirements and a resume to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following
subject line: Full Name - Caseworker. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-322-22

Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke (NY-09) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be adaptable, creative, dynamic, proactive, and
energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Page 4 of 16

Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings. The ideal candidate
will be a strong writer with demonstrated political instincts and solid
relationships with the Capitol Hill press corps.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
Responsibilities include:
•Crafting the office’s communications strategy
•Acting as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Congresswoman
•Writing and/or editing talking points, op-eds, press statements, press releases,
social media, and weekly newsletters on behalf of the Congresswoman
•Working with the Capitol Hill press corps and non-political outlets to book
media appearances and pitch stories
•Overseeing the office’s mass communications/franking program, and working
with the Legislative Correspondent on the office’s mail program
•Overseeing the work of the Press Assistant
•Staying up to date on current events and legislation relevant to the
Congresswoman, her priorities, and her district
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
•New York City/Brooklyn ties are a plus.
•Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
•Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to ny09resume@mail.house.gov.

Page 5 of 16

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-319-22

The Office of Rep. French Hill (AR02) seeks to fill the position of staff assistant
in the Washington D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
processing mail, greeting visitors, processing flag and tour requests, supporting
the staff’s day to day activities, and assisting with long term projects.
Ideal candidates will have:
-clear communication skills for verbal and written correspondence;
-a professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors
-ability to creatively problems solve in a fast-paced environment;
-time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status.
Arkansas ties are preferred.
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter
to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov, with the subject line ‘Staff Assistant’.

MEM-318-22

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email cover letter and resume
with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-314-22

North Bay legislative office seeking District Scheduler/Office Manager.
Page 6 of 16

Responsibilities include coordinating the Member’s California schedule by
making travel and meeting arrangements while anticipating and responding to
day-to-day developments; serving as the office's primary point of contact for
constituents, elected officials, and nonprofit and advocacy organizations seeking
meetings in the district; coordinating with staff (including field, legislative, and
press) to identify schedule priorities, and then working proactively to make shortand long-term decisions to implement plans; working directly with the District
Director and Member on logistics.
Also responsible for assisting the Capitol office and District Director on
maintaining financial and expense records, and with various administrative
duties, and managing special projects including the district internship program.
Opportunities for additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and
abilities. A successful candidate will be highly organized, detail oriented, possess
strong writing skills, have experience working in a fast-paced office, and the
ability to maintain a professional, flexible, and positive demeanor while
managing multiple and competing tasks and projects.
Please send cover letter and resume to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject like “CA02 District Scheduler/Office Manager.”
MEM-312-22

Congressman Ted Lieu has an immediate opening for a Field Representative in
his Los Angeles District Office.
Primary responsibilities include representing Congressman Lieu at community
events and advising senior staff and the Congressman about local concerns and
priorities. The Field Representative will meet frequently with constituents and
local government representatives, monitor policy and community issues and
projects, and help design and organize events for Congressman Lieu when he is
in the district.
The successful applicant must have a positive attitude and the ability to work and
set priorities in a fast- paced and challenging environment. Strong writing and
verbal communications skills are essential. At least one year of experience
working for an elected official or community-based organization is strongly
preferred. A valid California Driver License and automobile are required.
Bilingual skills are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal benefits. Congressman Lieu’s primary
district office is located in West Los Angeles. This office is an Equal Opportunity
Employer.

Page 7 of 16

If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, references and two short writing
samples no later than July 12, 2022 to:
NICOLAS RODRIQUEZ
District Director
Congressman Ted Lieu (CA-33) 1645 Corinth Avenue,
#101 Los Angeles, CA 90025
Lieu.Staff@mail.house.gov
MEM-306-22

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks two attorneys, one with 2-4 years experience, and one with 5-10 years of
experience, to serve as Investigative Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.
The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE
•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
Page 8 of 16

*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-305-22

Office Profile:
The Office of the Legislative Counsel (Office) is a nonpartisan office of the
United States House of Representatives that assists the Members and committees
of the House with the drafting of legislation and related activities. The Office
does not advocate the adoption or rejection of any particular proposal or policy
and provides assistance on an impartial and confidential basis. The Office is an
Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment with the Office is at-will.
Job Summary:
Page 9 of 16

The Assistant Systems Administrator works primarily with the Systems
Administrator and the Senior Systems Analyst of the information technology (IT)
team within the Office. Together, the IT team supports the mission of the Office
through the development, implementation, and maintenance of IT systems
necessary to meet a wide variety of operational requirements.
Duties of the Assistant Systems Administrator include the following:
•Providing first-, second-, and third-tier support to users experiencing software
and hardware issues.
•Imaging, distributing, setting up, and supporting Microsoft systems for users,
including related troubleshooting.
•Creating new users, system accounts, groups, and other security principals in
Active Directory.
•Reading, writing, interpreting, and modifying batch files.
•Installing and positioning IT equipment, including the moving and lifting of such
equipment.
•Communicating information on the status of systems to IT team members, users,
and management.
•Supporting administrative processes to ensure the IT team’s ability to support
users, maintain inventory, track the status of systems, and deploy software.
•Maintaining basic to intermediate troubleshooting and operational knowledge
with respect to all the software implemented within the Office.
•Resolving issues regarding network and internet security.
•Integrating Office systems and operations with the systems and operations of
other House organizations.
•Working, as directed, with House Information Resources server owners on the
management, design, development, building, and maintenance of servers
(including VMware and Windows servers), server applications, and systems
software.
•Communicating with contractors and other external entities who interact with the
Office.
•Escalating problems that merit additional support through the proper channels.
•Additional tasks as assigned.
This position does not include supervisory duties.
Qualifications:
A successful candidate for the position of Assistant Systems Administrator
should possess the following:
Technical abilities:
•Demonstrated technical skills and the ability to develop solutions to complex
technical problems.
•Experience, including basic to intermediate troubleshooting and operational
knowledge, with respect to the following: DNS|DHCP|TCP/IP, Windows Server
2016/2019, Windows 10, Microsoft Office 365, and internet and communication
protocols.
Page 10 of 16

•Experience reading, writing, interpreting, and modifying batch files.
•An understanding of PowerShell.
•An understanding of Hyper-V.
Personal skills:
•A willingness to pursue training, as necessary, to acquire and maximize skills.
•Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to
effectively communicate IT concepts to individuals with varying levels of
experience and knowledge.
•Strong attention to detail.
•Ability to self-start, multitask, and effectively prioritize under tight deadlines.
•Ability to work both independently and cooperatively.
A candidate with one, or more, of the following certifications is encouraged to
apply:
•CompTIA A+
•CompTIA Network+
•CompTIA ITF+
•Microsoft 365 Certified: Fundamentals
•MCSE or equivalent
Requirements:
To be eligible for the position of Assistant Systems Administrator, an applicant
must (1) be a U.S. citizen and (2) have a bachelor’s degree in Management
Information Systems (or similar field) or an equivalent combination of education
and experience.
In addition, a successful applicant must (1) have a willingness to work a flexible
schedule, including late evenings and occasional weekends, given the varying
demands of the congressional schedule, and (2) have an ability to be impartial, in
appearance as well as in fact, on matters of politics and public policy.
Benefits:
Employment with the Office provides access to a wide variety of benefits,
including a three-tiered retirement plan, health insurance, student loan repayment
assistance, life and long-term care insurance, competitively priced on-site
childcare, generous annual and sick leave, weekly telework opportunities, and a
parking space or public transportation assistance.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, a resume, applicable transcripts
and certifications, and the names and telephone numbers of at least 3 references
to legcoun@mail.house.gov with “Assistant Systems Administrator job
opportunity” in the subject line. No phone calls, please.

Page 11 of 16

MEM-300-22

Congressman Mike Garcia (CA-25) seeks an experienced Scheduler.
Main responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules for both DC and the District; organizing and evaluating all incoming
meeting requests and invitations; keeping the Member on schedule throughout the
day; working with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings; coordinating travel arrangements; processing and
managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member; and communicating
with constituents by phone and email to address requests, concerns, and
questions.
Additional responsibilities include other administrative tasks.
Candidates should be highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task,
resourceful, team-oriented, and have a positive attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including
some weekend availability as needed.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Applicants should have previous scheduling
experience (at least one year in a similar position). Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume via email
to Charles.navarro@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler” in the subject line.

MEM-298-22

The office of Congresswoman Suzan DelBene (D-WA) seeks a dynamic press
assistant/staff assistant with strong digital media skills.
Press assistant tasks include sending daily clips, developing social media content,
drafting press materials, and assisting in other aspects of the team’s fast-paced
media operation. Strong writing skills with expertise and passion for digital
media are required. Staff assistant duties include maintaining the front office,
overseeing tours and flag requests, and ensuring day-to-day operations run
smoothly. Hill experience and Washington state ties are a plus. If you have salary
requirements, please include them in your application.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Diverse candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. Please mention any Pacific Northwest ties in your cover letter.
To apply, please send your cover letter, resume, and two 1-2 page writing
samples or a digital portfolio to Washington.Resumes@mail.house.gov and put
“Press Assistant” in the subject line.

Page 12 of 16

MEM-231-22

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-208-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks an experienced
Communications Director based in the DC office to develop and execute the
Congressman’s communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and
Means, Armed Services, and Budget committees.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to Congressman Horsford and will supervise the work of
junior communications staff. They will be responsible for executing an
aggressive communications plan that generates positive local and national media
coverage, reaches diverse communities, and expands the Congressman’s reach to
new audiences.

Page 13 of 16

Responsibilities include but is not limited to:
•Working with Congressman Horsford, the Chief of Staff, the Deputy Chief of
Staff, and the District Director to develop strategic messaging priorities.
•Managing all day-to-day external communications from the office, including
press releases, remarks, floor speeches, interview memos, newsletters, op-eds,
and social media.
•Proactively identifying opportunities to expand Congressman Horsford’s local
and national media profile and working closely with the Congressional Black
Caucus, the House Labor Caucus, and other affiliated caucuses on shared
priorities.
•Pitching stories to local and national press and planning press conferences, press
calls, and other press events.
•Developing a strategic plan and budget for all communications programs.
•Designing and implementing a creative digital communications program,
including both paid advertising and organic social media. The Communications
Director will also be responsible for keeping the Congressman’s website up-todate.
•Overseeing franked communications and a robust 499 program.
This is not an entry-level position, and candidates must have previous press
experience on or off Capitol Hill. Strong oral and written communications skills
are required. Prior experience managing franked communications is a plus.
The ideal candidate must be collaborative, creative, energetic, detail-oriented,
able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fastpaced and demanding setting.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Experience with video editing and graphic design is also a plus and Nevada ties a
plus.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three writing samples, and three
professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.

Page 14 of 16

MEM-069-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks a Press Media
Secretary based in the DC office to work closely with the Communications
Director, based in the district office to develop and execute the Congressman’s
communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and Means, Armed
Services, and Budget committees.
The Press Media Secretary must be and stay up to date with the latest digital,
technical, and social media trends. Able to express the Congressman's voice
creatively and promote social media presence, ensuring high web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines. This position serves as a
part of the Communications team and reports directly to the Director of
Communications based in the district, however, this person will be the main point
of contact in the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
• Acts as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Managing the Congressman’s social media platforms, developing a weekly
content calendar, and drafting rapid response content during breaking news
moments.
• Maintaining the Congressman’s website and drafting new website content
covering key policy issues.
• Preparing daily press clip summaries and monitoring the Congressman’s media
mentions.
• Writing a weekly newsletter, creating digital ads, and participating in other
efforts to keep constituents of Nevada’s Fourth District informed about the work
of a busy Congressional office.
• Helping to plan and staff communications-focused events for the Congressman,
both in-district and in Washington D.C.
• Writing short-form speeches and video scripts and preparing video clips of the
Congressman for public distribution.
• Building relationships with allies and online influencers to amplify
Congressman Horsford’s digital message and expand his online reach.
• Perform all other duties as required
The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work closely with
legislative and district staff. The ideal candidate will have experience in or
interest in learning about aspects of the office’s traditional press operations,
including writing press releases, drafting talking points and speeches, forming
relationships with members of the media, and pitching stories.
This is an ideal position for someone with 1-2 years of communications or digital
experience. Applicants must be passionate about public service, well-organized,
and have the ability to work on weekends and holidays when necessary.
Page 15 of 16

Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other
languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply. Experience
with video editing and graphic design is also a plus. Nevada ties are a plus, but
not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, three writing samples, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Press/Media Secretary” in the subject
line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.

Page 16 of 16

