________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 13, 2021

MEM-366-21

DIGITAL DIRECTOR / PRESS SECRETARY – Congressman Mark Pocan
(WI-02), member of both the House Appropriations and Education & Labor
Committees, is seeking a highly motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic
individual with experience in digital media strategy and video editing for a
Digital Director/Press Secretary position.
Daily tasks include managing and creating content for member’s social media
platforms and website; graphic design; video filming and editing; daily press
clips; managing in-district media relations; drafting releases, newsletters and
advisories; and organizing press events.
The ideal candidate will be creative, have a strong proficiency in crafting digital
content, experience coordinating with media, and be a detail-oriented team player
able to handle multiple tasks at once.
Excellent writing and strong organizational skills are essential, along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Capitol Hill
experience is a plus, but not required. A sense of humor is greatly appreciated,
and the position reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified candidates should submit a cover
letter, resume, two writing samples, and an example of previous digital media or
graphic design projects to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Digital
Page 1 of 16

Director/Press Secretary” in the subject line. Job opening closes COB on Friday,
September 24th. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
MEM-365-21

APPROPRIATIONS ASSOCIATE/COUNSEL: Rep. Marcy Kaptur seeks a
highly experienced and professional legislative staffer to handle a portfolio
including energy/environment (both in the personal office and as a liaison to her
appropriations subcommittee staff in her role as Chair), as well as transportation
and infrastructure.
Candidates must be familiar with the energy and environment portfolio, the
appropriations process, advancing legislation, analyzing and briefing on complex
policy issues, and drafting a wide array of written materials (including materials
for Committee and Floor activities).
Experience with Great Lakes issues, the Army Corps of Engineers, and the
Environmental Protection Agency is strongly encouraged. Strong written and
verbal communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to work collaboratively
in a fast-paced environment are critical. A minimum of five years of relevant and
congressional experience is required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply. Applicants should email a resume, cover
letter, two writing sample, and references as individual files in PDF format
to Steve.Katich@mail.house.gov with “Appropriations Associate” in the subject
line. No phone calls, faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.

MEM-364-21

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Legislative Assistant for his
Washington D.C. office.
The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for drafting and monitoring
legislation, preparing materials for committee hearings and markups, representing
the Member in meetings/briefings, working with constituent organizations, and
performing other tasks as assigned.
The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of the legislative process,
excellent writing and communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to work
effectively in a fast-paced office.
Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to genleg2024@gmail.com

Page 2 of 16

MEM-363-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff – Staff Assistant (District of Columbia)
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Democratic Staff has an
opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones; receiving
visitors at the front desk; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee
correspondence; receiving, tracking and processing large document productions;
providing administrative support for committee hearings, markups and meetings;
entering data and navigating databases with accuracy; and proofreading
documents and correspondence for style and typographical errors.
Applicants must have excellent organizational and time management skills; the
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; strong written and oral
communication skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Zoom and
WebEx web conferencing platforms; good judgment and discretion; and
flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects.
One year of prior Capitol Hill experience is strongly preferred. Candidates with
diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Please
send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Staff
Assistant” in the subject line.
Please attach the resume and cover letter with the file name using the following
format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover
Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-362-21

Senior House Democratic Member of Foreign Affairs Committee seeks
legislative assistant to handle work on that committee and related issues.
In addition to a strong interest and experience in foreign policy issues and the
operations of U.S. foreign affairs agencies, the successful applicant will be
organized, possess excellent communication and time-management skills, the
ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Legislative and/or agency experience a strong plus, though not required. To
apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to foreignpolicyla@yahoo.com.

MEM-361-21

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-53) is seeking a Legislative
Assistant to cover emerging technologies, civil rights, judiciary, labor, small
business, and financial services, among other policy portfolios.
Responsibilities will include tracking, developing, and drafting legislation;
liaising with stakeholders and constituents; assisting the communications team on
external-facing materials; and briefing and staffing Congresswoman Jacobs for
relevant meetings.
Page 3 of 16

Ideal candidates will enjoy challenging conventional wisdom; possess excellent
research, writing, and communication skills; work well under pressure; be able to
manage and prioritize competing assignments; and collaborate with the full
legislative team and colleagues in the Washington, D.C. and San Diego offices.
This is not an entry-level position. CA-53 and/or San Diego ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should send their resume and cover letter combined into one
pdf to: SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Legislative
Assistant - ET” by Friday, September 17 at 6pm ET.
The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs is an equal opportunity employer that
does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. People of color, women, LGBTQ+
individuals, and military veterans are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-360-21

Conservative House Republican Member seeks an experienced Legislative
Director (LD). The Legislative Director advises the Congressman on all policy
positions, legislation, and votes and oversee the legislative staff. This position
will coordinate with Legislative Assistants and the Legislative Correspondent to
develop policy positions and ensure the Member is prepared for all legislative
hearings, markups, and vote series.
The LD will guide Legislative Assistants and Legislative Correspondent in
crafting a cohesive legislative strategy that highlights the Congressman’s
priorities and issues of importance to the district.
The ideal candidate will have 5 years of Capitol Hill/Legislative experience, be
able to work well under pressure in a very demanding environment, have
excellent oral and written communications skills, have a keen attention to detail,
and have the ability to manage and work well as part of a team.
Candidates with Financial Services experience preferred. Interested applicants
should send their cover letter, references, and resume
to gophilljobs1@gmail.com.

MEM-359-21

The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, oversees the district
internship program, writes congressional thank you notes, and responds to
constituent requests for general information and other inquiries. This position
maintains the front office and assists district office staff with various
administrative duties while interacting frequently with constituents. The position
also supports the Office’s outreach function.

Page 4 of 16

The ideal candidate has strong writing, organizational, and interpersonal skills,
and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment. Bilingual Spanish/English is
required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation or gender identity or expression. Candidates can submit a
resume and cover letter to Susie.brusa@mail.house.gov.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Answers and screens telephone calls for the Congressman and other staff
members; maintains the office voice mail, and returns calls and/or directs
messages to appropriate district staff;
•Greets and screens visitors; maintains and monitors visitor sign-in sheet for
accuracy and complete information;
•Composes, prints and mails thank you notes from the Congressman to his
constituents;
•Creates and prints certificates of recognition, Congressional Record entries,
letters of support and letters of referral for the District offices;
•Oversees the Congressional Interns;
•Responds to constituent requests for flags, tours and other information, directing
them to appropriate staff;
•Maintains literature regarding the District and House offices for distribution to
visitors;
•Signs for deliveries and forwards all materials sent to the office to appropriate
staff in a timely manner;
•Maintains an inventory of office supplies and assists in ordering office supplies;
maintains office equipment;
•Manages the office recycling program;
•Documents visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
•Performs general typing and administrative assignments;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff and
constituents;
•Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
•Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE:
•At least one year of customer service experience required.
•College-level study in Political Science or Government a plus.
•Bachelor’s degree preferred.

Page 5 of 16

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Spanish/English bilingual/biliterate required.
•Ability to communicate politely and professionally over the phone, face to face,
and in writing required. Each constituent needs to feel heard and represented.
•This is a customer service position. Good skills in this regard are mandatory.
•Desires to be part of a team.
•Must type proficiently, proofread effectively, and ensure writing contains proper
grammar and syntax.
•Rigorous attention to detail required.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:
•Generally works in an administrative office environment on the phone and
computers.
•Occasionally will accompany the Congressman to events out of the office on
nights or weekends.
MEM-358-21

New York Member of Congress seeks a driven individual to serve as a
Constituent Services Representative for the Member throughout the fourcounty district. The position’s primary focus will be on interacting with
constituents and federal departments and agencies to conduct constituent
casework.
Other duties will include, but are not limited to, fielding constituent phone calls,
managing voicemail and mail, supporting the office’s execution of special
projects and events, and representing the Member and office at meetings and
community events.
Candidates must be highly organized, have excellent written and verbal
communication skills, be comfortable speaking in public and able to work in a
fast-paced, demanding environment. This position requires a flexible schedule
and some evening and weekend work. Candidates must have a reliable vehicle,
valid driver’s license, and the ability to travel extensively throughout the fourcounty region.
Interested applicants please submit a cover letter, resume, contact information for
three personal or professional references using this
link: https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/301?c=house

MEM-356-21

This is a Missouri-based position. Applicants must be located or willing to
relocate to the greater Kansas City, Missouri region.

Page 6 of 16

The Field Representative/Travel Aide for Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler
liaises with fellow Missourians to assist with carrying out her duties as a
government official. This individual also travels with her when she visits cities,
towns, and rural communities to meet with constituents.
YOU’RE GOOD AT:
•Listening to, talking with, and befriending strangers (some of whom won’t agree
with you).
•Traveling to unfamiliar places and driving safely.
•Problem solving issues completely new to you.
•Taking initiative when your boss isn’t watching.
•Occasionally working hours that fall outside the traditional workday.
•Collaborating with remote team members located hundreds of miles from you.
•Planning events and getting people to show up to said events.
•Communicating well verbally and through writing.
•Speaking in front of small groups.
•Operating basic computer programs.
A DAY IN THE LIFE:
•Attend community meetings, network with locally elected officials, and update
the Congresswoman on issues of importance within the service area.
•Travel with the Congresswoman as she visits with constituents at various events.
•Serve as an advocate for constituents and a conduit between them and the
Congresswoman while she works on their behalf in Washington, DC.
•Stop by local businesses to meet with the owners and employees, learn about
their products being sold, and connect them with federal resources.
•Contact a federal or state agency to learn about how a policy issue is being
implemented.
•Assist a local nonprofit with finding federal and state resources to solve an issue.
•Provide feedback to supervisors on concerns raised by constituents on issues of
the day.
•Handle meeting requests and serve in stead of the Congresswoman when she is
in DC.
•Spend time in the Harrisonville office taking calls, returning messages, and
filing reports.
WHAT YOU’LL NEED:
•Bachelor’s degree or equivalent professional experience.
•A current driver’s license, clean (or mostly clean) driving record, and
functioning vehicle.
•Interest, familiarity, or prior experience in the federal and/or state government.
•A passion for working with Missourians to help find solutions and resources for
them.
Interested applicants should email their resumes
to Austin.Kramer@mail.house.gov.

Page 7 of 16

MEM-354-21

House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight &
Investigations is seeking a Staff Director to work on oversight issues related to
the Committee’s broad jurisdiction for the Committee’s Democratic staff.
Areas of expertise under the Committee’s jurisdiction preferred, including
environment, energy, health, communications, consumer protection, and
cybersecurity. Background in Congressional investigations and oversight is
required.
The staff director will manage subcommittee staff and be responsible for:
developing an oversight and investigation plan; managing regular oversight
hearings; conducting investigations of governmental and non-governmental
entities; drafting official letters, memoranda, and investigative reports;
publicizing activities and investigative findings, and coordinating with the other
subcommittees of the full Committee.
Successful candidate will be detail-oriented and possess strong communication,
management and writing skills. Ten years of professional experience and J.D.
preferred but not required. Active security clearance and committee experience is
a plus. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Women, minorities, veterans and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at least two professional
references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line as “Oversight &
Investigations Subcommittee Staff Director.”

MEM-352-21

DISTRICT STAFF ASSISTANT: The Office of Representative Spanberger
seeks a Staff Assistant in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include managing the front office, answering phones, processing
and logging constituent mail, greeting visitors, monitoring office deliveries,
scheduling assistance, responding to inquiries, assisting with constituent
casework, and other duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills. Additionally,
successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven personality,
demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and show keen
attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.

Page 8 of 16

Please submit a resume, writing sample, and cover letter (3 pages or less)
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis until September 17.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information, disability,
or uniformed service.
MEM-351-21

Congresswoman Norma J. Torres (CA-35) seeks a motivated, energetic,
community-oriented individual for the position of Field Representative.
The position will be based in the Ontario, CA District Office. The Field
Representative will act as a liaison between constituent groups, local businesses,
local and state governments, and Congresswoman Torres, in addition to initiating
community outreach projects.
The position will also respond to in-person, written, and telephone inquiries from
constituents, represent the Congresswoman at public events in the district, make
legislative presentations, develop community outreach projects, and perform
other duties as assigned. Knowledge of the cities, communities, and issues of
regional concern required. Spanish language fluency a plus.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume
to CA35.OfficeStaff@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin,
uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

MEM-349-21

Rep. Grace F. Napolitano’s office seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent in our Washington, DC office.
The position is responsible for staff assistant duties of greeting visitors,
answering phones, providing assistance to constituents, including arranging tours,
taking flag requests, and general assistance to staff. The position also includes
being the Legislative Correspondent and collecting and organizing constituent
mail, drafting response letters, and informing the Congresswoman and staff of the
constituent correspondence.
The position is also responsible for managing and hiring interns. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. California ties
and Spanish-language skills are a plus.

Page 9 of 16

Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to NapolitanoCP@mail.house.gov.
MEM-348-21

The Office of Congressman Jamaal Bowman (NY-16) is seeking a highly
motivated, full-time District Press Secretary based out of the
Bronx/Westchester office.
ABOUT US
Our team is fortunate to represent and fight for New York's 16th Congressional
District. We are a diverse, dynamic, kind and joyful team that is driven by the
mission of racial and economic justice. We possess a clear understanding that
structural racism and economic inequality exist throughout all institutions and
policies, including but not limited to housing discrimination, environmental
racism, wealth inequality, under resourced schools, mass incarceration and
redlining. We will use all levers to meet people's needs while building a better
future.
THE ROLE
Responsibilities include outreach and relationship building with local media;
strategic communications planning; arranging local media interviews; drafting
talking points and materials such as press releases and media advisories;
preparing franked materials such as email newsletters and mailers; staffing the
member and collecting photo/video at district events; and other responsibilities as
determined by the Communications Director. The ideal candidate is an excellent
writer with good press and political judgment, an attention to detail, and the
ability to work well in a fast-paced environment.
The salary for this position is $55,000. Individuals proficient in Spanish are
preferred, but not required. Prior experience with a congressional office is not
necessary. Familiarity with local media beats, and especially the
Westchester/Bronx region strongly preferred.
Interested candidates should upload a resume, cover letter, and complete the short
writing task at the following link: https://airtable.com/shrgwGpoJo0HHcJkw
Any further questions about the role should be directed
to Bowman.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “District Press Secretary.”
Underrepresented candidates and those with New York City/ Westchester County
ties are encouraged to apply.
Application closes September 18th, 2021.
***ALL APPLICANTS WILL BE CONFIDENTIAL UNTIL FINAL
ROUND***

Page 10 of 16

MEM-342-21

The Office of Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-30) is seeking to fill a job
opening for a caseworker position in the (Sherman Oaks) district office.
Caseworker responsibilities include:
·Interact with constituents via phone, email and in-office meetings;
·Assist senior staff with administrative responsibilities;
·Input, file and review constituent inquiries;
·Contact federal agencies on behalf of constituents
Applicant should be organized, professional, highly motivated and must possess
strong writing, typing and interpersonal skills. Must be able to work in a fastpaced environment and meet deadlines. Proficiency with Microsoft Office and
database software preferred.
Position is entry-level, but past experience in a social work or government field is
preferred. Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college
or university with a bachelor's degree.
Salary commensurate with experience. We offer a generous student loan
reimbursement package.
Please submit cover letter and resume attn: Scott Abrams
to scott.abrams@mail.house.gov
No calls please.

MEM-341-21

Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-CA) seeks a highly organized and dedicated Legislative
Director to manage his legislative team and agenda, specifically his work on the
House Judiciary Committee.
Responsibilities will include but are not limited to ability to manage a team,
developing legislative proposals and strategy; preparing memos, floor statements
and remarks; generating non-legislative initiatives and in-district event ideas to
advance the Congressman’s priorities; and representing him in meetings with
constituents and outside groups.
This is not an entry-level position and previous legislative, Capitol Hill
experience (4+ years) and JD is required. Women, LGBTQ+, and/or other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as
candidates with California ties.
Please submit your resume, cover letter, two references, and one writing
sample CAHouseJob@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Director” in the
subject line.

Page 11 of 16

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-337-21

Press Secretary
The office of Congressman Jerrold Nadler (NY-10) seeks a motivated and
hardworking communications professional to join a fast-paced communications
team to help manage communications with both a Washington and a New York
focus.
Responsibilities include drafting communications materials (press releases,
newsletters, op-eds, written remarks, etc.); maintaining active social media
accounts; working closely with both national and local press; updating media
lists; and coordinating with legislative staff, district staff, and the Judiciary
Committee communications team.
Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral communication skills;
the ability to comprehend and summarize complex legislation quickly; a proven
ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks; and sound
political judgment. Candidates should have at least 2 years of relevant experience.
Prior Hill or campaign experience, as well as familiarity with New York City
political dynamics is preferred.
The office of Congressman Nadler strives to ensure that our staff represents the
diversity of the country’s population and strongly encourages women and
members of historically disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The office of
Congressman Nadler does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to Job.Jdem@mail.house.gov.

MEM-336-21

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
Page 12 of 16

computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $38,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-335-21

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for
the Washington office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's
daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the District.
The ideal candidate should be well-organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and
able to work effectively in a fast-paced office. Prior scheduling experience on the
Hill or comparable work environment is preferred.
Responsibilities include tracking, evaluating, and responding to invitations and
scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; assisting with
budgeting; vouchering invoices for payment; and office management.
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter
to schedulerjobdc@yahoo.com

MEM-334-21

Florida Democratic House office seeks a driven and talented individual to serve
as Digital Press Secretary.
The position reports directly to the Communications Director and is responsible
for the day-to-day responsibilities of all aspects of the office’s digital operation,
including social media, email, photography, graphic design, website, video, and
streaming. The Digital Press Secretary will also assist in other areas of the
office’s communications portfolio, including staffing events; drafting memos,
talking points, press releases, and flyers; and other projects.
Position will be based out of member’s Orlando office. Candidates should be
comfortable working individually on projects and with teams in multiple
locations, possess strong writing, graphic design, and organizational skills, and
have a strong attention to detail.
This is not an entry-level position. Ideal candidate will have at least two years
previous experience with digital communications, including familiarity with
graphic design and video editing.

Page 13 of 16

This office is an equal opportunity employer. All candidates are encouraged to
apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples,
and three graphic design or video samples to FL10.resume@mail.house.Gov
MEM-331-21

Senior progressive appropriator and member of House leadership seeks a Staff
Assistant/ Legislative Correspondent to operate and manage the front office
and correspondence program.
Responsibilities include handling all aspects of front office operations including
answering phones, handling tour and flag requests, managing the constituent mail
program by sorting and batching incoming correspondence, drafting and editing
letters, and ensuring approval from the LD. The Staff Assistant/ LC is also
responsible for coordinating technology and systems with technology support
team and managing the intern program.
The successful candidate is extremely well organized, an excellent writer and
editor, and a self-starter, who pays attention to detail. Spanish language skills
and/ or CA ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and short writing sample
to lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant/ LC” in the subject line.

MEM-330-21

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing
financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume of financial
disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress and their staff
through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before
the Committee.

Page 14 of 16

Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics,
ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation,
corporate finance, and securities law. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-301-21

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs,
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations seeks a Professional Staff
Member to join a small team. The PSM will report to the Subcommittee Staff
Director.
The position’s responsibilities include conducting oversight and investigations,
tracking legislative and policy developments, conducting site visits, developing
and drafting legislation, and engaging with stakeholders and whistleblowers.
Qualified candidates will have strong research, writing, and communications
skills with a demonstrated ability to work on a team, execute events, and work on
competing projects and priorities. This is not an entry-level position. Hill
experience is strongly preferred.
Exceptional candidates will have strong knowledge and experience in the
legislative process including planning and executing Committee hearings, writing
memoranda and correspondence, and briefing Members of Congress. Knowledge
and experience in Department of Veterans Affairs policies and operations,
congressional oversight of federal programs, investigations of fraud, waste, and
abuse, and working with whistleblowers are a plus. Salary range is 65-85k,
commensurate with experience.
Application: All candidates are required to complete an online application
(https://veterans.house.gov/opportunities) to be considered. Candidates should
upload a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and diversity & inclusion
statement.
The diversity & inclusion statement should be 250 words or less and: 1) Explain
how your past personal and/or professional experiences have contributed to your
growth in understanding diversity, equity, and inclusion, and/or 2) Explain how
you plan to engage in diversity, equity and inclusion matters in this role.
Applications will not be considered complete if there is no diversity & inclusion
statement.

MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.

Page 15 of 16

Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 16 of 16

