House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 13, 2018

MEM-238-18

Democratic Member of the House Energy & Commerce Committee seeks
legislative assistant. Candidate will handle a portfolio that includes
environment, energy, natural resources, transportation, education and
judiciary issues. Responsibilities include but are not limited to advising the
Member on all matters in the issue portfolio; developing and advancing policy
proposals; drafting vote recommendations and talking points for related floor
and committee proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; and
representing the Member before constituents and stakeholders. The ideal
candidate will have previous work expertise on these issues; prior legislative
experience advising a Member of Congress and advancing policy proposals;
excellent written and verbal communication skills; and an eagerness to work
in a fast-paced, collaborative office. Diverse candidates are encouraged to
apply. Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and writing
sample to employment@mail.house.gov.

MEM-271-18

Office of Congressman Gene Green (TX-29) seeks energetic, self-motivated
individual for Staff Assistant position. Primary duties to include greeting
Page 1 of 6

visitors, answering telephones, coordinating and conducting tours, handling
flag requests, mail processing, maintaining office supplies, and assisting
legislative staff. Successful candidate must be detail-oriented and possess
excellent organizational and communication skills. Previous Hill/Intern
experience preferred. Spanish speaking ability and Texas ties a plus.
Member will be retiring at year-end, so this is a short-term position. To
apply, please email resume and cover letter to txjobopening@mail.house.gov.

MEM-270-18

Rep. Tom McClintock is seeking a Legislative Correspondent in his DC
office to manage all aspects of constituent correspondence and handle a small
legislative portfolio. Ideal candidates will have knowledge of the legislative
process, excellent writing and organizational skills, strong attention to detail,
and familiarity with Intranet Quorum (IQ). Duties include, but are not limited
to, processing incoming correspondence through Intranet Quorum (IQ),
drafting timely responses, reviewing and writing legislation, and meeting with
constituents on policy matters. Please email resumé and cover letter to
ca04resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-264-18

Senior Democratic Member seeks Policy Advisor to serve in personal office
and on Committee staff. Position will develop and implement legislative
initiatives, conduct oversight and investigations, write floor speeches and
committee statements, and handle meetings with constituents and interest
groups on behalf of Member. Portfolio will likely include health, social
security, labor and workforce, energy and the environment, and agriculture
and nutrition. An advanced degree and exceptional writing ability required.
Hill experience strongly preferred. To apply, please email a cover letter and
resume with the words “Policy Advisor” in the subject line to
job_09@live.com.

MEM-263-18

Senior Democratic Congressman who serves as Ranking Member on a full
committee seeks an experienced, energetic and creative Press Secretary to
work in a fast-paced press operation. The ideal candidate should be
entrepreneurial and aggressive in generating ideas that yield media coverage,
promoting the Member’s agenda through traditional and social media, and
raising the Member’s national profile. The Press Secretary will be
responsible for all facets of daily press operation including: media strategy
development and implementation; serving as primary spokesperson for
national and local media; coordinating press conferences; pitching story ideas;
managing coverage of legislative action and events; and drafting statements,
releases, speeches, opinion editorials and responses to articles. This is not an
entry-level position. The candidate must have previous Capitol Hill
experience, extensive media contacts and background working with both print
and electronic media. Excellent oral and written communications skills and

Page 2 of 6

the ability to work in a high pressure, team-oriented environment while
juggling multiple tasks are required. On-the-record experience preferred.
To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Press
Secretary” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.

MEM-250-18

Military Legislative Assistant – GOP Congressman Office
Congressional staff experience required for candidates to be considered for
this job opening.
The duties of this position would include directly staffing the Congressman
on the Appropriations Committee for defense, veterans, and foreign affairs
policy issues. Several other policy areas would be included in legislative
portfolio for this position.
Please send your resume to GOPCongressionalJob@gmail.com.

MEM-246-18

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Homeland Security is seeking
a counsel well versed in border security and immigration law to advise the
Chairman and Subcommittee staff. Candidates with current or previous Hill
experience are strongly preferred, and preference is also given to candidates
with good relationships with relevant Hill and Administration points of
contact. Duties include crafting policy, drafting legislation, and being the
point person for all Committee Members on these subject areas. Please email
a resume to resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov.

MEM-236-18

The office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson (D-FL) seeks a dynamic
press assistant with strong digital media skills to join our team. Press
assistant tasks include helping to compile daily clips, drafting social media
content, creating graphics, and assisting in any other aspects of the team’s
fast-paced media operation. Strong writing skills and expertise in and a
passion for digital media and politics are required. Hill experience and Florida
ties are a plus. Applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to: FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop-ins allowed.

MEM-228-18

New York Republican Member of Congress is seeking an experienced
legislative assistant to join the team. The legislative assistant is responsible
for drafting legislation, analyzing bills, and meeting with constituents within
their policy portfolio. The position requires a successful candidate to handle a
diverse portfolio of policy issues. A successful candidate will possess
impeccable writing skills, as well as the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment. Two or more years of Hill experience is required. Candidates
with NY ties a plus. This is not an entry level position. Please send resume
and writing sample to nyrepjobs@gmail.com. Phone calls and drop-ins not
accepted.
Page 3 of 6

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
o Formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas which
include:
1. devising a legislative plan;
2. drafting the plan into legislative form;
3. planning, coordinating and scheduling introduction of
legislation in the House (or offering it on an appropriate
vehicle if it is in an amendment);
4. gathering support for a bill or amendment from other
Members, as well as appropriate interest groups;
5. working with committees on legislation;
6. coordinating legislative support to get the bill passed in the
House.
o Tracks legislation and other developments in his or her assigned issue
areas and briefs the Member for floor work, committee work, work in
the district, and outside House-related activities;
o Monitors legislative developments within committees;
o Plans and coordinates co-sponsorship and support of other legislation;
o Monitors legislation on the House floor, providing the Member with
information on each vote;
o Writes Floor speeches for the Member;
o If assigned to issues pending before a specific committee, prepares for
and attends committee meetings and hearings with or without the
Member (i.e., keeps in contact with committee staff and meets with
interest groups and constituents with interests in such meetings);
o Acts as a liaison with committee and agency staffs;
o Performs special projects assigned by the Member or Chief of
Staff/Administrative Assistant;
o Meets with constituents and interest groups;
o Provides information on and generates ideas for press, mass mailings,
and newsletters;
o Drafts press releases in issue areas and provides background on media
inquiries;
o Answers constituent letters and helps constituents on federal matters;
o Supervises interns with regard to legislative issues and constituent
responses;
o Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
o Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and
constituents;
o Accepts performance based criticism and direction;
o Works well under pressure and handles stress;
o Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends;
and
o Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Page 4 of 6

A bachelor’s degree or higher education level is preferred, including strong
academic credentials. Some period of related experience or training in
legislation or equivalent is beneficial.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
o Thorough knowledge of the legislative process and of House
organization and procedures;
o Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
o Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the
formulation and recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
o Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
o Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a
tactful, pleasant, and professional manner;
o Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
o Knowledge of office computer applications; and
o Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
o Work is mainly performed in an office environment.
o Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of
privacy

MEM-306-18

The office of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz is seeking
a Legislative Assistant to handle energy, environment, transportation,
agriculture, Native American issues, disaster response and other related
issues. Responsibilities include but are not limited to advising the Member on
all matters in the issue portfolio; developing and advancing policy proposals;
drafting vote recommendations and talking points for related floor and
committee proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; and
representing the Member before constituents and stakeholders. The ideal
candidate will have previous work expertise in the issue areas, prior
experience advising a Member of Congress and advancing policy proposals;
excellent written and verbal communication skills; and an eagerness to work
in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Florida ties are a plus.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume
to FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Legislative Assistant.”
Please save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name
the file “Last name, First name.” This office is an equal opportunity
employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age,
religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or
gender identity or expression.
Application materials must be received by 5:00 pm ET on July 16, 2018.
Page 5 of 6

MEM-179-18

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a professional and
dynamic executive assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The executive assistant will be responsible for efficient and accurate
management of all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term schedule,
meeting logistics, maintaining files and drafting correspondence, greeting
visitors, answering phones, and contributing to other miscellaneous projects
as needed. The person also will be involved in scheduling staff meetings and
briefings, and helping constituents with their visits to Washington, DC,
among other duties.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, flexible, and calm
under pressure. The applicant must possess excellent communication and
time-management skills, a sense of urgency and the ability to work
independently with sound judgment and minimal direction, and the ability to
work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Two years of experience in an
administrative or scheduling role is preferred, although Hill experience is not
required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "executive assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

Page 6 of 6

