________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 12, 2024

MEM-060-24

Representative Spanberger seeks a Staff Assistant for her Washington, D.C.
office.
Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized, detailoriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal skills, and the ability to
thrive in a fast-paced environment. Candidates must demonstrate excellent
“people skills,” most importantly displaying compassion in all interactions, and a
strong commitment to providing outstanding constituent service. The ideal
candidate should: be able to think on their feet, be a problem-solver, demonstrate
excellent oral and written skills, and maintain a positive demeanor.
Primary responsibilities include: managing the front office, including answering,
appropriately logging, and directing telephone calls; greeting visitors; monitoring
office deliveries; distributing hard and electronic mail; and other administrative
duties. The Staff Assistant will also serve as the office tour coordinator and will
be responsible for managing constituent requests for Capitol and White House
tours, as well as constituent requests for flags flown over the Capitol. The Staff
Assistant will have occasional driving responsibilities, and so must have a valid
driver’s license and clean driving record.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual

Page 1 of 22

orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information, disability,
or uniformed service.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, 1-page writing sample, and two references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “DC Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis until March 1, 2024. Annual
starting salary for this position is $50,000.
MEM-059-24

Summary:
The office of U.S. Representative Max Miller (OH-07) is recruiting the ideal
candidate to serve as District Director.
The District Director oversees all operations for district office team members and
locations in Medina, Ohio and Parma, Ohio. The District Director will develop
and implement objectives and plans in support of the Member in service to the
constituents of Ohio’s 7th Congressional District. The District Director
supervises the district office staff members and is accountable for successful
delivery of all district office operations, outreach, constituent services, and other
activities.
Essential functions:
While not an exhaustive list of functions, the District Director:
•is at all times compliant with relevant laws, rules of ethics, and policies of the
House of Representatives,
•sets an example for respect, collaboration, and transparency in all matters,
•supervises as many as 7 employees in all aspects of their roles, including
planning, assigning, directing, and assessing their work,
•is accountable for the work product of staff members in the district offices,
•oversees constituent casework activities,
•represents the Member with constituents, at events, and with stakeholder
organizations and individuals,
•develops and implements and operating plan for the Member in the district that
is aligned with the Member’s strategic vision and goals and helps the Member
serve the constituents,
•facilitates communication and collaboration between the district office and
Washington, DC office, and
•builds and nurtures relationships on behalf of the Member with constituents,
community leaders, and organizations in the district.
The ideal candidate is:
•a strong leader and manager,
•able to effectively represent the Member and Office externally with a wide range
of constituents and stakeholders,
•innovative, confident, and detail-oriented,
•a strong and effective verbal and written communicator,
•capable of consistently producing high-quality work product,
Page 2 of 22

•willing to work long hours, including some time on weekends, and under tight
deadlines,
•able to react to unanticipated circumstances requiring fast and effective
response, and
•committed to contributing to a team dynamic based on respect, collaboration,
and transparency.
Requirements:
•Experience in community relations, outreach, and effectively managing
relationships with government and community stakeholders
•Experience with leading and managing a team
•Strong decision-making skills
•Ability to navigate and resolve complex situations involving multiple
perspectives, differing expectations, and complicated issues
•Strong written and verbal communications skills.
Preferences:
•Familiarity with Ohio’s 7th Congressional District
•Demonstrated interest in public service
Applicants must complete a writing sample as part of the interview process.
Interested applicants should email DistrictOfficeResumes@gmail.com with:
•a cover letter,
•resume,
•at least three professional references
MEM-057-24

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce
seeks a professional, dependable, and enthusiastic Press Assistant.
Duties will include drafting press releases, statements, and other press materials.
The press assistant will also be responsible for maintaining press lists, compiling
and distributing daily press clips, media monitoring, and other tasks as assigned.
The best candidates will have a degree in journalism, communications, political
science or a related area, and experience with creating and executing press events.
Capitol Hill, media, communications or campaign internship experience is
preferred.
This is an entry-level position. Please send a resume, cover letter, and one short
writing sample to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov by February 29, 2024.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. This office is an equal
opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex (including gender identity or sexual orientation), national origin,
age, disability, gender, uniformed service, genetic information, or any other
factor.

Page 3 of 22

MEM-056-24

Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01), member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
and Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks an experienced
Communications Director to join his office in Washington, D.C.
The Communications Director will be responsible for drafting press releases,
writing statements, talking points, maintaining relationships and booking
interviews with national and local press outlets, pitching stories, responding to
reporter inquiries, creating and posting social media posts, compiling news clips,
managing the Member’s website, assisting with the constituent outreach program,
and other duties as assigned. The Communications Director is expected to
advance press events and staff the Member as needed. The Communications
Director will work in close collaboration with the Chief of Staff, District
Director, Legislative Director, and other staff as appropriate.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have previous
communications experience, possess exceptional writing skills, have proficiency
in photo and video editing and graphic design tools, and be organized. Candidates
should be detail-oriented and highly motivated to serve on an active team. Ideal
candidates will have experience working in a fast-paced environment and are
prepared to implement a communications plan.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Rhode Island ties are
a plus. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, cover letter, and brief writing
sample, and three references (including name, current title and organization,
phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to RI01AmoJobs@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Communications Director.”

MEM-055-24

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic staff) seeks
a Labor Policy Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering labor law.
Candidates should have familiarity with the National Labor Relations Act, the
Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act, labor enforcement provisions
in trade agreements, and employment arbitration. Candidates should also have
knowledge of the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), the Department of
Labor’s Office of Labor-Management Standards (OLMS) and the International
Labor Affairs Bureau (ILAB).
Applicants should have a law degree and experience working with an
organization, Congress, or government agency related to labor law. Duties will
include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical assistance
Page 4 of 22

to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing
written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of
committee proceedings and events related to labor law. Salary commensurate
with experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Labor Policy Counsel” in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-054-24

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic staff) seeks
a Civil Rights Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering civil rights issues
in employment.
Candidates should have familiarity with employment federal civil rights laws,
such as Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963 and Title 42, Chapter 21 of the U.S.
Code. Knowledge of the EEOC, OFCCP and federal statutes and policies and
how they impact civil rights in employment and health care is preferred.
Applicants should have a law degree and experience working with an
organization, Congress, or government agency addressing civil rights. Duties will
include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical assistance
to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing
written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of
committee proceedings and events related to civil rights. Salary commensurate
with experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Civil Rights Counsel Position" in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-053-24

Congressman Jason Crow (D-CO) is seeking a Staff Assistant for his District
Office in Aurora, Colorado.
This person will be responsible for managing office operations, answering
telephone calls and emails, processing mail, tracking and maintaining office
supplies and equipment, and assisting with staffing events and meetings, among
other tasks.

Page 5 of 22

The person will also assist in responding to casework needs of constituents and
supporting the office’s community outreach and special projects.
The ideal candidate will have strong organizational, time management, and
interpersonal skills. Familiarity with local, state, and federal government is
preferred. The salary for this position is $45,000 to $50,000, commensurate with
experience. This office is an equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter
to CO06.resumes@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop ins please.
MEM-049-24

Rep. Mary Peltola’s office is seeking candidates to fill an open Press
Secretary/Communications Director position, title depending on experience.
Rep. Peltola (AK-AL), member of the Transportation & Infrastructure and
Natural Resources Committees, seeks an energetic and well-organized
professional to manage her communications portfolio. The position is based in
Washington, DC and will travel to the district as needed. Personal or familial ties
to Alaska are beneficial but not required.
Candidates should be self-motivated, diligent, a team player, and able to develop
and maintain relationships with local, state, and national media reporters.
The ideal candidate will have a passion for practical policymaking and digital
organizing / communications in all formats. Other duties include developing
messaging and talking points; overseeing all communications materials, including
press releases, website content, franked mail, and social media accounts; working
with policy staff on short- and long-term communications goals; and regularly
briefing and staffing the member.
Salary is between $70-$90K based on experience. This is not an entry-level
position.
Ideal candidates should have, or can articulate, experience in the following areas /
topics / platforms:
-Strong written and oral communications skills (writing, editing, proofreading)
with at least two years of political communications experience including
producing Op-Ed’s, Press Releases & other communications
-Understanding of print, broadcast, & online social media tools / platforms
(Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, CanvaPro, Adobe Premier, etc.)
-Strong skills & experience producing excellent written & visual content,
including graphics & video, for a variety of social media platforms
-An ability to amplify media coverage & grow its impact
-Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, procedures & organization of the
House – a plus
-Familiarity with Alaskan issues and stakeholders—a plus
-Ability to work with legislative staff on short / long-term communications goals
Page 6 of 22

-Ability to exercise discretion & judgment in the representation of the
Representative’s position on policy issues
-Must have the ability to prioritize duties & manage staff in a fast-paced work
environment while meeting rapid timelines
-Ability to translate complex policy issues into simple language
-Leading, managing & optimizing production needs surrounding virtual & inperson town hall meetings, public forums, & press conferences & creating
graphics & media presentations when required
-Proactively pitching national/local media and developing media strategy
-Creating e-newsletters & managing the franked communication process for the
office
-Tracking press and social media analytics
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages people of all
backgrounds to apply.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to: akresumes@mail.house.gov with the “Press Secretary/Communications
Director- [NAME]” in the subject line. Applications due by February 16, 2024.
MEM-046-24

District Scheduler & Staff Assistant
U.S. Rep. Rick Larsen
Everett Office
Summary:
The District Scheduler & Staff Assistant is responsible for maintaining Rep.
Larsen’s district schedule and managing all incoming requests for meetings and
visits throughout Washington’s Second Congressional District. As Staff
Assistant, this position also provides administrative and special project support to
the district offices.
This position is based in Rep. Larsen’s Everett, WA office and reports directly to
the District Director. Together, the district staff works in harmony with the staff
in Washington, D.C., and all staff members report to the Chief of Staff.
Essential job functions include:
• Coordinate Rep. Larsen’s in-person and virtual meetings during all district work
periods, including visit locations, travel logistics, and other relevant details
• Organize and maintain incoming requests from constituents, local organizations,
and staff from district and Washington D.C. offices
• Serve as an official representative for Rep. Larsen with constituents who contact
the office
• Undertake special projects as needed including research, progress reporting and
data collection
• Support district team members in scheduling, event staffing, letter writing,
supervising interns, and other administrative support, as required

Page 7 of 22

• Drive Rep. Larsen to and from the airport, and other times as needed; these trips
are often late at night and early in the morning
Required skills and knowledge:
• Attention to detail and superb organizational practices
• Strong typing skills and proficiency with computer database management
• Ability to collaborate continually with fellow members of Rep. Larsen’s staff, in
both the district and Washington D.C. offices
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent thinking while working on
sensitive projects and issues
• Valid driver’s license and vehicle
• Flexibility to work nights and weekends
This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working, cohesive, and
dynamic team with a common mission of making a difference in the lives of
others. The ideal candidate is a bilingual English and Spanish speaker, selfmotivated, great at multi-tasking, has great interpersonal skills with a teamworkoriented attitude, and a strong desire to help people.
This is a full-time position with federal benefits such as health care, the Federal
Employees Retirement System, Student Loan Repayment Program,
vacation/annual leave, paid sick and parental leave, and others.
The annual salary for this position depends on relevant experience and ranges
from $45,000 - $55,000.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender
identity, or disability. We are committed to building and maintaining an
organization that reflects the needs and diverse community we serve.
Application Process:
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to ryan.casey@mail.house.gov or:
Office of U.S. Rep. Rick Larsen
C/O Ryan Casey
District Director
2930 Wetmore Avenue, Ste. 9F
Everett, WA 9820
MEM-044-24

Representative Josh Gottheimer seeks a Speechwriter for their Washington, DC
office.
Ideal candidates will have:
•A Bachelor’s degree or related job experience;
•1-2 years of communications experience in a Congressional office, on a political
campaign, or in another fast-paced environment;
Page 8 of 22

•Excellent attention to detail;
•Sound judgment;
•Strong communication skills;
•The ability to write clearly, persuasively, and concisely about a variety of topics;
•Capacity to communicate with a wide variety of personalities in a tactful,
courteous, and professional manner;
•The ability to work collaboratively;
•Willingness to accept direction and guidance on performance and process
improvements from the Chief of Staff, Member, and Communications Director;
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and work under tight deadlines;
•And the ability to work flexible hours including long hours, nights, and
weekends.
Duties will include but not be limited to:
•Drafting speeches, talking points, press releases, media advisories, op-eds, social
media copy, and statements for the Member;
•Collaborating with the Member, Chief of Staff, and Communications Director to
produce speeches;
•Working closely with the District Office to ensure accurate and appropriate
messaging of local priorities;
•Working closely with the legislative team to ensure accurate and appropriate
messaging of the Member’s policy priorities;
•Executing other press responsibilities as needed and assigned.
This position reports to the Chief of Staff.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with
“Speechwriter” as the subject line to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov
MEM-042-24

Representative Emanuel Cleaver (D-MO) seeks a Legislative
Correspondent/Staff Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office. This position is
responsible for opening and managing the front office each day, greeting visitors,
and managing constituent communications, including tour and flag requests. The
LC/SA is responsible for maintaining the office's constituent response program
and recruiting and managing the DC interns.

Page 9 of 22

This is a customer service focused position. The ideal candidate has superb
organizational and problem-solving skills, attention to detail, strong time and
project management skills, a good sense of humor, and a desire to be part of a
highly-collaborative, high-achieving team. The successful candidate will have
strong writing skills, the ability to communicate clearly in a fast-paced
environment and can work effectively with teams in both the DC and District
offices. Prior Hill internship and familiarity with the IQ system is preferred.
Access to a car and a license in good standing is also helpful.
This position is full time, and the salary range is $55,000-57,000, depending on
experience. Benefits with this position include health, vision and dental
insurance, retirement benefits, paid sick and annual leave, transit or parking
benefits, and access to the Student Loan Repayment Program. The office is an
equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation,
gender identity, disability, age, or national origin.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and writing
sample (no more than 4 pages), and a reference
to Midwest.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line "Last Name – LC/Staff
Assistant". Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is
filled.
MEM-040-24

Congresswoman Jill Tokuda seeks a part-time Field Representative for West
Hawaiʻi Island. This position will work closely with and report to the District
Chief in Hawaiʻi, and in coordination with the East Hawaiʻi Island Field
Representative. This position requires consistent and effective collaboration with
all components of the member’s office. Work hours for this position are
approximately 20-25 hours per month but could become a full-time position for a
candidate with the right skillset.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Coordinating the Member’s visits to West Hawaiʻi Island, including scheduling
meetings and events, and transporting and staffing the Member on-island;
•Preparing briefing sheets and talking points as needed;
•Connecting with Washington, D.C. staff on relevant notes and contacts;
•Staffing the Member as appropriate, taking notes and photos, and ensuring that
follow up is conducted;
•Informing the Member and relevant staff of community events and happenings
in West Hawaiʻi; and
•Preparing and delivering West Hawaiʻi messages and communications, and
representing the Member at events as assigned.
Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional nights
and weekends. Interested candidates are requested to submit a cover letter and
résumé in one attachment to Kendra.Oishi@mail.house.gov.
Page 10 of 22

MEM-039-24

Congresswoman Jill Tokuda seeks a part-time Field Representative for the
island of Kauai. This position will work closely with and report to the District
Chief in Hawaiʻi. This position requires consistent and effective collaboration
with all components of the member’s office. Work hours for this position are
approximately 20-25 hours per month but could become a full- time position for a
candidate with the right skillset.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Coordinating the Member’s visits to Kauai, including scheduling meetings and
events, and transporting and staffing the Member on-island;
•Preparing briefing sheets and talking points as needed;
•Connecting with Washington, D.C. staff on relevant notes and contacts;
•Staffing the Member as appropriate, taking notes and photos, and ensuring that
follow up is conducted;
•Informing the Member and relevant staff of community events and happenings
on Kauai; and
•Preparing and delivering Kauai messages and communications, and representing
the Member at events as assigned.
Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional nights
and weekends. Interested candidates are requested to submit a cover letter and
résumé in one attachment to Kendra.Oishi@mail.house.gov.

MEM-033-24

SUMMARY:
Rep. Jill Tokuda is seeking an experienced and self-motivated Communications
Director for a congressional district that spans every island in the State of
Hawaii.
The position would manage the office’s press and communications operations
including developing and executing a communications plan. Previous Hill or
political communications experience is preferred, but not required. The ideal
candidate would possess strong writing skills, the ability to operate in a fastpaced environment under tight deadlines and be able to collaborate with both the
DC and district teams.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Develops, leads, and executes a communications plan for the office.
•Handles interview requests and proactively pitches to media.
•Prepares and staffs the Congresswoman for events and interviews.
•Drafts press releases, talking points, speeches, newsletters, mailers, and op-eds.
•Manages the Communications Aide in the District Office.
Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional nights
and weekends. Interested candidates should email their cover letter and résumé in
one attachment to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.
Page 11 of 22

MEM-032-24

Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Legislative Director
to join her office in Washington, D.C. In close collaboration with the Member,
Chief of Staff, and her communications and district teams, the Legislative
Director will oversee the Member’s policy agenda, particularly through her work
on the House Appropriations and Natural Resources Committees and manage her
legislative team. This position reports to the Chief of Staff and works closely with
the COS in formulating the Member’s legislative strategy while uplifting the
legislative team in their work.
Candidate should have a strong track record of managing, training, and
supervising a team in a fast-paced environment, translating authorizing and
appropriations priorities into successful outcomes, and developing strong
relationships with on- and off-Hill stakeholders. Sound policy judgement and
firm grasp of committee, floor, and other House procedures are musts.
Candidate should have strong verbal and written communication skills fit to keep
the Member and full team consistently briefed. Candidate must be driven,
creative, good-humored, skilled at receiving and delivering feedback, and
committed to furthering a team-first, collaborative work environment. Candidate
will also oversee the office’s constituent correspondence program. Nevada ties
are a plus, as is experience with immigration, defense, foreign affairs, education,
and judiciary issues.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF a resume, cover letter, and three references
(including name, current title and organization, phone number, email, and
relationship to the reference) to nv03resumes@gmail.com, with the following
subject line: “Full Name – Legislative Director.”

MEM-030-24

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant or
Director of Operations for the Washington office. The successful candidate will
manage all aspects of the Member's daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in
the District.
The ideal candidate should be well-organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and
able to work effectively in a fast-paced office. Prior scheduling experience on the
Hill or comparable work environment is preferred.
Responsibilities include tracking, evaluating, and responding to invitations and
scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; assisting with

Page 12 of 22

budgeting; vouchering invoices for payment; and some office management,
including front office staff and other junior staff, depending on experience.
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter
to operations2024@yahoo.com
Salary and job title are commensurate with experience.
MEM-028-24

Special Projects & Grant Coordinator – Anchorage, AK
Representative Mary Peltola seeks a Grant Coordinator for her state office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: maintaining lists of current federal
grant opportunities, researching federal, state and/or private grant opportunities
for constituents, and drafting letters of support.
This position will require frequent traveling to remote areas of the state. This is
not an entry level position and previous grant researching and writing experience
is highly desired. The office is open to a remote position for the right candidate.
Interested applicants should email a PDF version of their 1-page resume and
cover letter to akresumes@mail.house.gov your first initial and last name and the
position title in the subject line (ex: A. Smith Caseworker Application). In the
body of the email please include your current title and place of employment. In
all employment decisions, the office will give preference to candidates with ties
to Alaska.

MEM-027-24

Caseworker/Field Representative – Fairbanks, AK
Representative Peltola seeks a caseworker for her Anchorage District Office. A
caseworker acts as a liaison with federal, state, and local agencies for constituents
and the Member. Other core responsibilities include answering communications
and making recommendations to the District Director on problems requiring
legislative action.
Applicants should have strong verbal and written communication skills, a careful
attention to detail, and an ability to navigate bureaucracy with independent
judgement and discretion. A knowledge of Alaskan issues and current events will
be critical.
Interested applicants should email a PDF version of their 1-page resume and
cover letter to akresumes@mail.house.gov your first initial and last name and the
position title in the subject line (ex: A. Smith Caseworker Application). In the
body of the email please include your current title and place of employment. In
all employment decisions, the office will give preference to candidates with ties
to Alaska.

Page 13 of 22

MEM-026-24

Community Relations Manager
(District Office)
Office of Congresswoman Jill Tokuda
SUMMARY:
Rep. Jill Tokuda is looking for an enthusiastic and highly motivated individual to
join her district staff in her Honolulu Office. This position would manage several
congressional programs and projects to a successful execution. Responsibilities
would also include acting as a liaison to federal, state, and local governments;
conducting community outreach; and attending engagements on behalf of the
Member. The ideal candidate would have strong writing skills and the ability to
write quickly and effectively, as well as the ability to multi-task and plan longterm projects to completion. Attention to detail and the ability to work in a fastpaced environment is required.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
●Oversees the execution of congressional programs and other special projects.
●Oversees schedule of regularly attended community meetings and ensures
follow up is conducted.
●Prepares various written material including correspondence, congratulatory
messages, and internal background memoranda for the Member.
●Engages in community outreach and constituent relations.
●Staffs or represents the Member at events and meetings on Oahu, and other
islands as needed, including taking notes and conducting follow up.
Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional nights
and weekends. Interested candidates are requested to submit a cover letter and
resume to Kendra.Oishi@mail.house.gov.

MEM-023-24

Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant to
join his office in Washington, D.C.
The primary policy areas of responsibility for this position will include issues
related to the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, including Defense,
Immigration, and Veterans. Additional policy areas may be assigned based on the
strengths, interests, and experiences of the candidate and needs of the office. This
position reports to the Legislative Director and will work in close collaboration
with the Member, Chief of Staff, and communications and district staff.
The individual will prepare and staff the Member for meetings, committee
activity, and related events. The individual is expected to represent the Member
in meetings with constituents, local and national stakeholder organizations, and
administration officials. The individual will track legislation, monitor relevant
committee and floor activity, track news events, and make recommendations in
the assigned legislative areas. The individual will build support for the Member’s
legislative agenda through developing and implementing new initiatives and be
Page 14 of 22

primarily responsible for drafting legislation, letters, remarks, and other written
material related to policy portfolio.
The office is seeking an individual who is driven, creative, and committed to
working in a collaborative work environment. Qualified candidates should have
knowledge of the legislative process and demonstrate an ability to take initiative.
Hill experience is strongly preferred. This is not an entry-level position.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Rhode Island ties are
a plus. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, cover letter, and brief writing
sample, and three references (including name, current title and organization,
phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to RI01AmoJobs@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Assistant.”
MEM-013-24

Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s District Office has an immediate need to hire a
full-time Field Representative/Caseworker. We are looking for an enthusiastic
and motivated individual to join our high-energy team in Cypress, CA.
Basic Functions:
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative/ Caseworker acts as the representative for the Member. Field
Representative responsibilities include strengthening relationships with key
stakeholders, as well as attending engagements on behalf of the Member.
Caseworker responsibilities include helping constituents resolve problems with
federal agencies through written and verbal communication.
Duties:
*Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
*Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
*Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
*Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
*Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
*Maintain up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information
*Continually manage active cases and serve as a liaison with constituents to
ensure that cases are handled in a timely and appropriate manner
Requirements:
*Political savvy and comfortable navigating complicated situations
*Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer

Page 15 of 22

service manners; public speaking skills
*Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional
nights/weekends
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with Orange and Los Angeles Counties is
preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline:
Salary starts at $50,000 per year. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until the position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to Stephanie Hu, District Director, Office of
Congresswoman Steel, Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-636-23

Chief of Staff
Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a seasoned and empathetic manager of
staff and leader of his strategic vision based in the Washington, D.C., office with
a background in matters before the House Homeland Security and Judiciary
Committees, preferably with a knowledge base in oversight and investigations.
Candidates with J.D. degrees are strongly encouraged to apply but not required
and familiarity with the district is preferred.
The ideal candidate has extensive experience in Congress or the federal
government; developed and implemented an overarching strategy for an
organization or Member before; strong written and verbal communication skills;
interest in cultivating a warm, supportive, and productive work environment;
comfort balancing responsibilities and competing deadlines; a cool and levelheaded demeanor in fast-paced environments; political savvy and knowledge of
Hill culture; good judgment and strong decision-making skills; and expertise in
developing and maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders.
Responsibilities include formulating policy positions; overseeing the office’s
legislative, constituent, correspondence, and media-relations strategies; handing
all recruiting and hiring efforts, the establishment of office policies and
procedures, and supervision of senior staff; serving as the Member’s chief
advisor; developing and implementing all policy objectives, strategies, and

Page 16 of 22

operating plans; representing the Member with House leadership and committee
staff; and managing the office budget and personnel activities.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and enduring from the ground up, particularly for a Member of
Congress who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff.
Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references, and a writing
sample to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name – Chief of
Staff.” We will accept applications until the position is filled.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-546-23

Member Services Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Member Services Director who
is exceptionally motivated, dynamic, strategic, and detail-oriented to engage with
CBC Member offices and outside partners to advance a robust member services
portfolio.
The Member Services Director will be expected to proactively build strong
relationships across CBC Member offices and develop strategic opportunities for
Member engagement advancing shared priorities. The individual will also be
expected to coordinate with CBC staff to field and respond to inquiries and
requests for support from Member offices and respond to and share external
opportunities for Member engagement as they arise.
The Member Services Director is also responsible for assisting in overseeing all
aspects of caucus operations, logistics, designated administrative responsibilities
and to support caucus leadership.
The Member Services Director responsibilities will include:
•Conducting regular outreach to Member offices to build relationships with staff,
share opportunities for Member or staff participation in events, messaging, and
other efforts, and identify new ideas for collaboration with Member offices
•Sharing resources with Member offices and working with CBC, congressional,
and external staff to develop high-quality materials for Member office use
•Drafting regular newsletters for Member offices with relevant updates and
opportunities, as well as for external audiences to uplift Member engagement on
CBC issues
•Developing a network of external partners working on issues relevant to the
CBC and Member offices
•Maintaining staff contact information and distribution lists
Page 17 of 22

•Provides orientation and training for new staff;
•Assists departing employees with necessary administrative procedures (i.e.,
returning keys, House I.D. cards, and other office property; obtaining forwarding
addresses, work files, and records);
•Supervises the mail operations and the administrative files and personnel
records;
•Assists staff in scheduling House or Capitol rooms for outside group functions;
•Organize and facilitate meetings and other strategic convenings to support
institutional
•change, policies, and programmatic work;
•Oversees operations for CBC including organizing weekly meetings and events
•Provides logistical support for all programming
•Works with the CBC personal office staffs and coordinates with the CBC
Schedulers to implement the Caucus’ priorities
•Builds and maintains databases of internal and external stakeholders
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player.
Candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of House and Senate
legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov.
No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-508-23

Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) seeks an exceptional, experienced
Press Secretary/Digital Director (PS/DD) to join a dynamic, fast paced team,
working out of the Washington, DC office.
Working with the Communications Director, located in the District, the PS/DD
will develop, coordinate, and implement digital and traditional media and
communication strategies that highlight the Member’s work and advance her
robust online/digital presence. Other primary responsibilities include but are not
limited to developing, editing, and producing graphics, videography, and other
creative tools to enhance messaging; fielding press requests from local and
national media; producing the Member’s newsletters; drafting releases and
advisories, speeches , and talking points.
The successful candidate will have a creative and strategic approach to visual and
graphic design, excellent oral and written communications skills, an ability to
handle multiple assignments on tight deadlines, a desire to hone the Member’s
voice, a strong collaborative approach to cross functional teaming, and a good
Page 18 of 22

sense of humor. They will also have a working knowledge of the legislative
process, procedures, and organization of the House, with a proven ability to build
strong, collaborative relationships while working in a crisis-oriented environment
and handling stress appropriately. Ohio ties are a plus, but not required, but
proven effective digital and videography experience is required.
This is not an entry level position. The ideal candidate will have at least three
years of Hill and/or other communications experience in a policy or constituent
services environment with an emphasis on professional digital media,
videography, and general communications proficiency beyond the intern level.
The salary is flexible and dependent upon proven experience and expertise.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing and one creative
samples to Ohio11Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press
Secretary – Last Name, First Initial.” No drop-ins, direct emails to staff or phone
calls, please. The position is open until filled, but applications will be screened as
they are received.
MEM-468-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks one attorney with 5-10 years of experience to serve as Investigative
Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.
The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE
•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release

Page 19 of 22

Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
•Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895

Page 20 of 22

Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
Page 21 of 22

•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Page 22 of 22

