________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 23, 2021

MEM-336-21

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $38,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

Page 1 of 12

MEM-335-21

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for
the Washington office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's
daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the District.
The ideal candidate should be well-organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and
able to work effectively in a fast-paced office. Prior scheduling experience on the
Hill or comparable work environment is preferred.
Responsibilities include tracking, evaluating, and responding to invitations and
scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; assisting with
budgeting; vouchering invoices for payment; and office management.
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter
to schedulerjobdc@yahoo.com

MEM-334-21

Florida Democratic House office seeks a driven and talented individual to serve
as Digital Press Secretary.
The position reports directly to the Communications Director and is responsible
for the day-to-day responsibilities of all aspects of the office’s digital operation,
including social media, email, photography, graphic design, website, video, and
streaming. The Digital Press Secretary will also assist in other areas of the
office’s communications portfolio, including staffing events; drafting memos,
talking points, press releases, and flyers; and other projects.
Position will be based out of member’s Orlando office. Candidates should be
comfortable working individually on projects and with teams in multiple
locations, possess strong writing, graphic design, and organizational skills, and
have a strong attention to detail.
This is not an entry-level position. Ideal candidate will have at least two years
previous experience with digital communications, including familiarity with
graphic design and video editing.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. All candidates are encouraged to
apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples,
and three graphic design or video samples to FL10.resume@mail.house.Gov

MEM-331-21

Senior progressive appropriator and member of House leadership seeks a Staff
Assistant/ Legislative Correspondent to operate and manage the front office
and correspondence program.
Responsibilities include handling all aspects of front office operations including
answering phones, handling tour and flag requests, managing the constituent mail
Page 2 of 12

program by sorting and batching incoming correspondence, drafting and editing
letters, and ensuring approval from the LD. The Staff Assistant/ LC is also
responsible for coordinating technology and systems with technology support
team and managing the intern program.
The successful candidate is extremely well organized, an excellent writer and
editor, and a self-starter, who pays attention to detail. Spanish language skills
and/ or CA ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and short writing sample
to lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant/ LC” in the subject line.
MEM-330-21

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing
financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume of financial
disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress and their staff
through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before
the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics,
ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation,
corporate finance, and securities law. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-329-21

Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03), a member of the House Armed Services
Committee, House Foreign Affairs Committee, and House Small Business
Committee seeks a hard-working Digital/Press Assistant to serve in his
Washington, D.C. office.

Page 3 of 12

Previous political communications and Capitol Hill experience is preferred. Ideal
candidates are team-oriented, self-motivated, empathetic, and curious. Successful
applicants will write well and work quickly under pressure, be creative, proactive
and a strategic thinker, work well with others, and have a keen sense of visual
and graphic design. This staff position reports to the Communications Director
and works closely with the entire senior staff team.
RESPONSIBILITES
•Work closely with the legislative, outreach, and casework teams to draft copy,
edit, and manage the office’s social media accounts
•Create weekly social media plans and monthly social media reports
•Create graphics for outgoing social media, newsletters, and mail that effectively
communicates an idea or policy clearly and with visual appeal
•Take, edit, and advise the taking and editing of photos and videos in Washington
D.C. and in the district
•Draft copy for widely read e-newsletters to targeted groups
•Work with vendors to organize monthly tele town-hall events
•Take first drafts on press releases and statements
•Monitors social media, media reports, and has an eye for legislative and nonlegislative political issues about which the Congressman may be asked about or
involved with
•Other duties as assigned
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
•1+ years of political/Capitol Hill communications experience
•Candidates with ties to New Jersey are strongly encouraged to apply
TO APPLY: Email cover letter, resume, two writing samples, two graphic design
samples, and 2-3 references to NJ03resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Digital/Press Assistant: [NAME].” Please no unsolicited drop-ins, phone
calls, or emails to the office.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: August 25, 2021 at 5PM EST
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
MEM-325-21

California House Democrat seeks a Legislative Correspondent for the
Washington, D.C. office. The LC will be responsible for managing a robust and
responsive constituent mail program including drafting constituent response
letters, sorting and batching incoming correspondence, ensuring quick response
times, compiling weekly mail reports, and other duties as assigned.
Communications and digital experience are a plus.

Page 4 of 12

Ideal candidates will have Hill experience and possess strong organizational and
time management skills; demonstrate excellent oral and written ability; maintain
a positive demeanor and be a self-starter.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample in a single PDF
document to ca07jobs@gmail.com with “DC Legislative Correspondent” in the
subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-322-21

SENIOR POLICY ADVISOR/ APPROPRIATIONS ASSOCIATE: Rep.
Marcy Kaptur seeks an experienced legislative staffer to handle a portfolio
including energy/environment (both in the personal office and as a liaison to her
appropriations subcommittee staff in her role as Chair), as well as transportation,
infrastructure, and judiciary.
Candidates must be familiar with the energy and environment portfolio, the
appropriations process, advancing legislation, analyzing and briefing on complex
policy issues, and drafting a wide array of written materials (including materials
for Committee and Floor activities). Experience with Great Lakes issues strongly
preferred but not required.
Strong written and verbal communication skills and a demonstrated ability to
work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment are critical. At least five years
of relevant experience is required, and Congressional experience is strongly
preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply. Applicants should email a resume, cover
letter, two writing sample, and references as individual files in PDF format
to Steve.Katich@mail.house.gov with “Senior Policy Advisor” in the subject line.
No phone calls, faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.

MEM-320-21

The Office of Congressman Andy Harris, M.D. (MD-01) is seeking a Legislative
Correspondent to join a fast paced and highly active mail program.
The ideal candidate is highly organized, able to manage multiple tasks at once,
pays strong attention to detail, and is committed to exceptional constituent
service.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Sorting and Batching Constituent Correspondence;
Page 5 of 12

•Tagging and Organizing Constituent Contacts;
•Writing Constituent Correspondence; and
•Contributing to the Drafting of 499s.
This is not an entry level position and at least one year of full-time employment is
required for consideration. Interns need not apply. Previous Capitol Hill
experience and experience using IQ is preferred. Maryland ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer. Please send resume, cover letter and
two writing samples in one PDF document
to MD01jobopenings@mail.house.gov with the subject line: 2021 Legislative
Correspondent. No phone calls please.
MEM-319-21

The Office of Congressman Andy Harris, M.D. (MD-01) has an immediate
opening for an organized, detail-oriented individual to serve in the position of
Staff Assistant in a fast-paced and highly collaborative Capitol Hill office with a
strong commitment to exceptional constituent service.
Responsibilities include staffing and managing the front office, managing mail
intake, answering and managing the phone system, greeting visitors, handling
tour and flag requests, and providing general office support. Candidates should
have excellent oral and written communication skills, great attention to detail,
strong time management skills, and an ability to work under pressure. Maryland
ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer. Please send resume, cover letter,
and writing sample in one PDF document
to: MD01jobopenings@mail.house.gov. Subject line: 2021 Staff Assistant
Opening.
No phone calls please.

MEM-318-21

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai’i - 01) is seeking a legislative staffer for his
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing a diverse and active portfolio of issues.
Responsibilities will include staffing the Congressman, preparing appropriations
requests, monitoring committee and floor activities, advancing legislative
initiatives, drafting constituent correspondence, and representing the office in
meetings. Direct report is to the Chief of Staff although the Congressman is
routinely involved in all aspects of his office operations.
Strong preference given to (1) prior Capitol Hill experience and (2) Hawai‘i
background, and applicants are asked to detail these attributes. The position also
requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work
independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
Page 6 of 12

problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills,
and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “DC Legislative Staffer” in
the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-317-21

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Science, Space, and
Technology seek a Press Assistant.
Duties include, but are not limited to, drafting press releases, opeds, and talking
points; assisting with fielding media requests; staffing Committee markups and
hearings; managing the Committee website; assisting the Press Secretary with
managing the Committee’s social media accounts and drafting original content;
and livestreaming Committee events.
The ideal candidate will have strong writing skills, a great work ethic, the ability
to multi-task, and work well under pressure. Must be a team player and have a
strong interest in Science Committee jurisdiction. Applicants with experience
with adobe are encouraged to apply. Experience with graphic design, OBS, and
video editing is a plus. Hill experience is also a plus.
Qualified applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to sciresumes@mail.house.gov with “Press Assistant” in the subject line by
August 24.
We are equal opportunity employers; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual
orientation, or gender identity or expression. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-314-21

The Office of Congresswoman Julia Brownley (CA-26) seeks Press Assistant to
support a very active, Washington, DC office. This individual reports to the
Communications Director and will be responsible for creating content for social
media platforms, recording and editing video, and updating the website.
In addition, the staff member will produce daily clips, draft press releases, assist
with responding to press inquiries, compile and update press lists.
Candidates will be creative and strong writers who understand social media
trends. This individual will have experience with photography, graphic creation,
and video editing. Previous digital communications experience on Capitol Hill, a
campaign, or at a communications firm is strongly preferred.
The ideal candidate is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multitask, and willing to
work long hours in a fast-paced and demanding setting. Spanish fluency and
Southern California ties are a plus.
Page 7 of 12

Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, a writing sample, and
two examples of graphics or other digital communications work
to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with “Press Assistant: Last Name, First Name” in
the subject line.
No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-312-21

Chairwoman of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks
to fill Professional Staff Member position on the Committee.
Duties include oversight of manufacturing and innovation programs within the
Committee’s jurisdiction, outreach to stakeholder groups, researching and
drafting legislation, staffing hearings, and preparing memoranda, statements, and
speeches for Majority Members.
Applicants should have experience in at least one or both of the following subject
matter areas: 1) manufacturing innovation and policy, 2) technology,
manufacturing, and innovation activities carried out by the Department of
Commerce. All applicants should possess strong writing, organizational, and
communication skills; the capacity to articulate technical and policy issues clearly
and concisely; and the ability to meet tight deadlines.
The ideal candidate will have significant Capitol Hill or relevant government or
industry experience. An advanced degree or technical background is a plus, but
not required.
Please send a cover letter and resume to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This not
an entry-level position.

MEM-300-21

PRESS AND DIGITAL MANAGER/LEGISLATIVE CORRESPONDENT
– Senior Northeastern House Democrat seeks Press and Digital
Manager/Legislative Correspondent.
This role will support all aspects of a demanding communications operation, with
responsibilities including but not limited to drafting press materials such as
releases, background memos, talking points and op-eds; creating content for paid
and organic social media on various platforms; and maintaining the website. The
press and digital manager/legislative correspondent will also execute the office’s
mail program, with assistance from Legislative Fellows, interns, and the Staff
Assistant.
The ideal candidate will have demonstrated interest and experience in
communications and Democratic politics; proficiency with a variety of graphic
design and video production tools; capability of meeting tight deadlines; strong
Page 8 of 12

written and oral communications skills; and the ability to think creatively and
strategically.
Starting annual salary: $50,000. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two
professional writing samples and two digital content samples
to democratic.hilljob@gmail.com.
Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to building and maintaining
an inclusive and diverse work environment. Women, candidates of color, and
LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-290-21

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced and well-organized Scheduler for the Representative’s Washington,
D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Developing, coordinating, and managing all aspects of the Representative’s
daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the district, as well as tracking,
evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests;
●Coordinating all travel for the Representative and her staff, filing travel receipts,
and other logistical support tasks as required;
●Working closely with and supporting the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, District Director, and Communications Director to ensure
smooth daily schedules and operations.
The ideal candidate will be:
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●A hard worker with excellent attention to detail;
●Adept at juggling complex schedules, competing priorities;
●Able to anticipate problems, seek solutions, and effectively communicate them
to the Representative and her staff;
●Able to work long hours, including some nights and weekends;
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
This is not an entry-level position; 2-4 years of work experience are desired.
Applicants with prior work experience as a Scheduler, as well as experience in
fast-paced operational roles, are highly preferred.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and
references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
Page 9 of 12

MEM-287-21

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking a Legislative
Assistant to handle a broad portfolio centered around labor, jobs, trade and
economic issues.
This position will be the lead staff person for Congresswoman Jayapal’s
membership on the Select Committee on Economic Disparity and Fairness in
Growth as well as the primary staff person for Congresswoman Jayapal’s labor
portfolio for the Education and Labor Committee.
This position requires the ability to advance Congresswoman Jayapal's legislative
priorities and other progressive policies in their issue portfolio. The ideal
candidate will possess strong strategic thinking, planning and execution skills.
Additionally, candidates should have strong oral and written communication
skills and the ability to work well under pressure.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Driving current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as speeches,
policy memos, and factsheets;
●Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for relevant committee hearing and
markups; drafting hearing remarks and questions;
●Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
●Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and
Committee offices; and
●Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
●3 - 5 years of relevant experience including policy development and analysis;
issue advocacy; and strategic planning;
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●Excellent writing and time management skills;
●Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
appropriate for the office;
●Poised, level-headed, flexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.
Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
references in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Page 10 of 12

Assistant: [Applicant’s First and Last Name]” in the subject line. No calls or
drop-ins please.
MEM-280-21

Midwestern Democrat seeking an organized, detail-oriented individual to serve in
the position of Staff Assistant in a fast-paced and highly collaborative Capitol
Hill office.
Responsibilities include staffing and managing the front office, managing mail
intake, answering and managing the phone system, greeting visitors, handling
tour and flag requests, assisting staff during and after office hours, providing
administrative support to the Administrative Director, and providing additional
office support as needed.
While this is an entry-level position, candidates should have excellent oral and
written communication skills, great attention to detail, strong time management
skills, an ability to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines, and a sense of
humor. Capitol Hill and/or customer service experience are strongly preferred.
Midwest and Great Lakes ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and women, people of color,
members of the LGBTQ+ community, and members of other traditionally
underrepresented communities are STRONGLY encouraged to apply.
Please send resume, cover letter, and writing sample in one PDF document
to: midwestern.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.

Page 11 of 12

Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 12 of 12

