________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 08, 2024

MEM-288-24 Office Description:
The House Office of the Legislative Counsel provides legislative drafting
services to the committees and Members of the United States House of
Representatives on a non-partisan, impartial, and confidential basis. Our goal
is to work with committees and Members to understand their policy
preferences in order to implement those preferences through clear, concise,
and legally effective legislative language.
Position Description:
The Front Office Assistant plays a pivotal role in providing essential
administrative and clerical support services to the staff within the House
Office of the Legislative Counsel (HOLC). The Front Office Assistant will
work a flexible hybrid work schedule- required to be on-site 2 days a week
and remote the remainder of the week.
Seen as the initial point of contact for the HOLC office, the Front Office
Assistant provides assistance to clients (Members of Congress and their staff)
and welcomes office visitors in a courteous, polite, and professional manner.
The Front Office Assistant will handle requests and information adhering to
HOLC’s strict attorney/client confidentiality protocols and disseminate
information to the appropriate individual(s).

Page 1 of 20

When working on special projects, the Front Office Assistant may be tasked
with providing general assistance and recommendations on specific work
activities.
This position reports to the HOLC office leadership and does not have any
supervisory responsibilities.
Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
•Develops and maintains general working knowledge and understanding of
the House Office of the Legislative Counsel practices and the legislative
process at-large.
•Greets office visitors, answers incoming calls, address general/routine
inquiries, forwards messages as appropriate, and ensures that adequate phone
coverage is maintained during official business hours.
•Carefully assess and distribute client requests to attorneys and paralegals
either by phone or email.
•Maintains HOLC general inbox and ensures prompt and accurate HOLC
correspondence with internal and external individual(s).
•Maintain daily, weekly and monthly staff calendar. Keep accurate and up to
date leave records of staff and leadership.
•Coordinate miscellaneous general office services, including ordering office
furnishings, materials, and supplies. Maintain office legal library.
Qualifications:
•2 years of relevant work experience. Or an equivalent combination of
education and work experience.
•Must be United States citizen.
•Professional background cannot contain partisan political work.
•Ability to maintain decorum in high stress situations. Exhibit a high standard
of customer service.
•Ability to provide administrative support, including assessing and
disseminating requests, scheduling meetings, and managing records.
•Ability to work on multiple tasks/assignments simultaneously with a strong
attention to detail.
•Knowledge of, and ability to, use various automated office systems and
software programs, including record management systems, Microsoft Office,
and Adobe Acrobat.
•Ability to analyze problems and recommend appropriate solutions/changes.
•Ability to establish effective working relationships with HOLC staff, office
leadership, and clients.
•Ability to work autonomously and within a team.
•Ability to handle sensitive and confidential matters with tact and maintain
impartiality in judgment and in action.
Disclaimer:
The House Office of the Legislative Counsel is dedicated to building an
inclusive, diverse, and accessible workplace. All applicants will be considered
Page 2 of 20

without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital
or parental status), disability, or age.
Employment is contingent upon satisfactorily completing a criminal history
records check (or other applicable security clearance).
Subchapter I of chapter 131 of title 5, United States Code, requires certain
House employees to file Financial Disclosure Statements. For information,
please visit http://clerk.house.gov/public_disc/index.aspx
How to Apply:
Interested and qualified candidates should submit a Cover Letter and Resume
to HOLC.Hiring@mail.house.gov by 8p on July 22, 2024, for consideration.
MEM-287-24 Texas GOP Member of Congress seeks a Press Assistant who is eager to join
a robust communications operation. This is not an entry-level position-- at
least six months to one year of relevant communications experience is
required.
Required Skills
Excellent writing ability and attention to detail.
Experience creating graphics and social media branding.
Duties
*Develop and assist with press releases, talking points, op-eds, and other
materials as assigned.
*Assist with maintaining the office’s website and social media accounts.
*Create and edit videos and other digital material.
*Monitor the Member's presence and interactions on social media.
*Take photos/video at events and meeting.
*Compile daily press clips.
*Other duties as assigned.
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with
position noted in subject line.
MEM-280-24 Congresswoman Lucy McBath (GA-07) seeks a staff member based in the
Metro Atlanta region for a position in her Duluth District Office.
Primary responsibilities include assisting constituents in resolving issues with
various federal agencies and representing the Congresswoman at meetings
and events throughout the district. Additionally, the staff member will play an
active role in creating constituent services events and coordinating site visits
as well as supporting the management of incoming and outgoing District
Office communications. Candidates with experience in the nonprofit,
healthcare, or public sectors are strongly encouraged to apply.
Page 3 of 20

Successful applicants will:
• Be a team player who can work independently while managing multiple
tasks and projects
• Possess strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills
• Practice strong interpersonal skills with constituents, agencies, and
stakeholders
• Be willing to staff events and attend meetings outside of business hours as
necessary
• Reliably execute tasks and projects with great organization and attention to
detail
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based
on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to
apply, as well as candidates with ties to Georgia.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
GA07Resumes@gmail.com with the subject line “Constituent Services and
Field Representative” no later than July 26th, 2024.
MEM-278-24 Congresswoman Dina Titus (D-NV-1) is seeking an experienced Digital
Director/Press Assistant to lead digital media efforts in a fast-paced
Washington, D.C. office, and to assist the Senior Communications Advisor
with press engagement.
We are looking for a self-starting professional with a strong background in
political communications, social media management, and online outreach.
The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of implementing digital
strategies to bolster the Member’s online presence, while also amplifying their
policy record. This is not an entry-level position, and a successful candidate
must have at least 2 years of communications experience in a relevant setting.
Key Responsibilities:
Strategic Communications: Develop and execute strategic communication
plans in collaboration with senior staff and the legislative team, ensuring
alignment with the Congresswoman's priorities and legislative initiatives.
*Social Media Management: Manage the Congresswoman's social media
presence, including developing engaging content (videos, photos, and other
new media), clipping interviews, and creating graphics for various platforms.
*Website Maintenance: Ensure that the office website features timely and
relevant content.
*Content Creation: Develop and edit videos, photos, and other digital content;
and assist the Senior Communications Advisor with drafting talking points,
speeches, press releases, op-eds, and other materials in the Congresswoman's
voice.
*Media Outreach: Assist the Senior Communications Advisor with pitching
Page 4 of 20

the Congresswoman to both local and national TV, radio, and print media,
positioning her effectively on key issues.
*Event Planning: Assist the Senior Communications Advisor with planning
and managing press conferences, tele-townhalls, roundtables, and other events
in both Washington, D.C., and the district.
Qualifications:
Exceptional Communication Skills: Strong writing, editing, and proofreading
skills.
*Media Proficiency: Deep understanding of broadcast and online media.
Experience: At least 2 years of experience in developing communication
strategy for elected officials, government agencies, non-profit organizations,
or similar entities.
*Team Player: Expertise in advising others on communication strategy and
the ability to work effectively with a team and Member of Congress.
*Deadline-Oriented: Capable of producing communications materials under
tight deadlines.
*Strategic Thinker: Politically savvy and skilled at navigating challenging
situations with the press and staff.
*Adaptability: Ability to work flexible hours, including long hours, nights,
and weekends, as needed.
*Constructive Feedback: Willingness to accept performance-based criticism
and direction.
*Relationship Building: Ability to maintain positive working relationships
with the Congresswoman, staff, and media professionals.
Equal Opportunity Employer: Our office is committed to promoting diversity
and inclusivity. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship
status, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age,
disability, or military status.
To Apply: Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two
writing samples to NV01jobs@gmail.com with "Application: Rep. Titus Digital
Director/Press Assistant" in the subject line.
MEM-276-24 Digital/Press Assistant for Congressman Robert Garcia (CA-42)
Congressman Robert Garcia seeks a skilled communicator to join his dynamic
communications team as a full-time digital/press assistant in his Washington,
D.C. office.
Requirements include excellent writing and organizational skills; a sense of
humor and a positive attitude; the ability to work well under pressure; extreme
attention to detail; and the ability to collaborate with legislative staff to maximize
visibility and press opportunities. The ideal candidate is creative, witty, detailoriented, able to meet tight deadlines, and has strong interpersonal and
communication skills. Candidates must be persuasive, capable, and precise
Page 5 of 20

writers with exceptional knowledge of proper grammar, spelling, and
punctuation.
Job Duties:
• Producing digital content for the Congressman’s social media by utilizing
programs such as Adobe Creative Suite (PremierePro, Photoshop), Canva,
or other design programs
• Working with the Press Secretary to draft regular e-newsletters to
constituents.
• Assisting the Press Secretary with managing digital ads and targeted
outreach
• Compiling and distributing daily mentions in the media.
• Copy editing all deliverables including press releases, newsletters, social
copy, and remarks.
• Working closely with the Communications Director, Press Secretary, and
Legislative Director to develop timely social media content.
• Maintaining deliverables such as talkers lists, and local, national, and
entertainment press lists.
• Drafting written materials such as press releases, memos, talking points,
op-eds, and letters to the editor.
• Brainstorming creative tactics to further the communications department’s
short- and long-term goals.
• Clipping video of committee remarks and cable hits quickly and
efficiently.
• Performs other duties as assigned.
Digital communications experience in politics, government, nonprofits, activism,
press media, or similar fields is required. Language skills, particularly Spanish
and Khmer, are a benefit. Strong ties to Southern California are a plus.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
The Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and as such is committed to
building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment.
Application: Interested applicants should email a one-page resume and the
materials listed below to sara.guerrero@mail.house.gov and emily.kassnermarks@mail.house.gov with their first and last name in the subject line followed
by “DA/PA Applications” by COB Wednesday July 10th. The application
materials should include 1) two sample tweets for the Congressman’s account, 2)
a 30-second video sample OR a cover letter, and 3) a press release.
MEM-273-24 Investigator (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced investigative professional for an investigator position. The
Committee’s investigator is responsible for assisting the Committee in all aspects
of its investigative work, including public source research, legal research,
Page 6 of 20

forensic accounting, document review, data collection and analysis, and witness
interviews. The investigator will also draft and edit Committee documents.
This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to assist with impartial
investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding organizational, research, and analytical skills, as well as the
sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the
Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable:
government ethics, background investigations, legal services, or financial
accounting.
The salary range for this position is $68,405 to $70,685. Please email resume,
cover letter, and a short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please
include the phrase “Investigator” in the subject line.
MEM-270-24 SUMMARY:
The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone and answers
constituent requests for general information, tours, and other inquiries. When the
Congressman is in the district, the Staff Assistant assumes primary responsibility
for driving and staffing the Congressman at off-site appointments. This position
also monitors delivery and pickup of materials, maintains the front office, and
assists with various administrative and constituent service duties. The staff
assistant also oversees the district internship program. The salary for this position
is $55,000.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Drives and staffs the Congressman at all district events;
*Records all of the Congressman’s remarks and interviews while out in the
district and coordinates with the Communications team;
*Supports the district casework team by assisting with casework intake, tracking,
and follow up with constituents;
*Answers and screens telephone calls for the Congressman and other staff
members;
*Greets and screens visitors;
*Assists persons who have appointments with the Congressman or other staff
members and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the
Congressman's appointments are on time;
*Hires and trains all interns in the Newton and Attleboro district offices;
*Responds to requests for constituent service information;
*Maintains literature regarding the district and House offices for distribution to
visitors;
*Orders all office supplies and maintains office equipment;
*Checks the office voicemail;
*Ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member
in a timely manner;

Page 7 of 20

*Documents visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff and
constituents;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment with respect to
prioritization of work flow and fulfillment of responsibilities in a dynamic and
fluid work environment;
*Excellent organizational, writing, and proofreading skills;
*Ability to perform essential job functions above;
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant and professional manner;
*Access to a car and a clean driving record;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample in a single
PDF to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with “First Name Last Name—DO
Staff Assistant” in the Subject Line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling
basis. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status, or
any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
MEM-269-24 The Office of Congressman Henry Cuellar, senior member of the House
Appropriations Committee, seeks a Legislative Director for his Washington,
D.C. office. The LD oversees the Member’s legislative agenda and provides
recommendations on Appropriations-related items, legislation and votes;
monitors the House floor; manages a portfolio of assigned issues including health
care, education, transportation, and infrastructure; manages legislative staff; and
works closely with the communications team. This person will also work closely
with the Chief of Staff and District Director.
Qualifications for this position include strong organization and time management
skills, polished and professional writing, robust leadership, and the ability to
operate and deliver under tight deadlines in high-pressure situations. This role
also requires a strong understanding of the legislative process, and 3-4 years of
Hill experience minimum is strongly advised.
Page 8 of 20

Candidates with Texas ties are preferred, but not required.
Salary commensurate with experience. This office is an equal opportunity
employer. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To Apply: Interested candidates should email a resume, cover letter, writing
sample, and 2-3 references to Patrick.OConnor2@mail.house.gov with
"Legislative Director Application: Last Name” in the subject line.”
MEM-266-24 Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel is responsible for reviewing and
certifying a large volume of Financial Disclosure Reports, providing legal advice
on financial disclosure related matters, providing education and training to
Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person
meetings, and written work product. This is a non-partisan position which
requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from
political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and
written and oral communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary
to evaluate sensitive matters that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics,
ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation,
corporate finance, and securities law. The salary range for this position is
$136,780 and $145,604 per annum.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line
MEM-248-24

House Democratic Leadership office is seeking a proactive, resourceful, detailoriented person with strong writing and organizational skills to fill the Deputy
Director of Scheduling position. Successful candidates will demonstrate
outstanding interpersonal, written and oral communication skills, and be able to
prioritize and follow through on multiple tasks in a high-pressure/fast-paced
environment.
The Deputy Director of Scheduling works closely with the Director of
Scheduling as well as Leader and Chief of Staff with all projects and
assignments. The Deputy Director will assist the Director of Scheduling in longrange planning, but is primarily responsible for booking travel for the Leader,
assisting the Deputy Chief of Staff with day of changes in the Leader’s schedule,
field incoming scheduling requests, and assisting with administrative support to
the Executive Office.

Page 9 of 20

Regular responsibilities include coordinating with event participants and the
appropriate staff to ensure the Leader is provided with briefing materials, and
liaising between other Congressional Leadership, Member and Committee
Offices, as well as the White House and other government offices.
The ideal candidate will exercise sound judgment, be professional at all times,
and have a sense of humor. Hill experience is preferred, but not required.
This is not an entry level position.
Our office is committed to employing a diverse staff where each team member’s
unique identity is celebrated and valued. Interested applicants should send resume
to resumes.jeffries@mail.house.gov with a brief cover letter.
MEM-243-24

New Jersey Congressman Bill Pascrell, Jr. seeks an organized Staff Assistant for
his Paterson, New Jersey, district office to handle general reception duties,
conduct constituent services, and drive the Congressman to and from events,
meetings, and other engagements.
The Staff Assistant can also expect to represent the congressman at community
events. Candidates should be motivated self-starters with excellent oral and
written communication skills. Applicants must have a valid driver’s license. This
entry-level position is a tremendous opportunity to learn the ins-and-outs of the
United States Congress, collaborate with professionals and elected officials and
navigate the unparalleled Garden State political realm.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter via email
to NJ09position@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. We
will consider applications until the position is filled.
The position is full time with federal benefits, including student loan repayment
program (if eligible). The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or
parental status.

MEM-242-24

Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-08) seeks a full-time legislative aide in
Washington, D.C.
The legislative aide will be responsible for issues areas such as energy and
environment, transportation and infrastructure, and veterans’ affairs, among
others, in a fast-paced congressional office of a member of House Democratic
Leadership on the Ways and Means Committee and Budget Committee.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging, including interacting with constituents, district
stakeholders, committee staff, and federal agencies; writing policy memos and
talking points; monitoring committee and floor activities; and supporting strategic
efforts to advance legislation through Congress.
Page 10 of 20

Candidates must have a self-starting personality, a passion for public service,
strong written and verbal communication skills, and an eagerness to work on a
team in a collaborative office environment. This is not an entry-level position.
The salary range is $70,000 - $80,000 commensurate with experience. Michigan
ties are preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to kildeejobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-240-24

Staff Assistant/Scheduler
SUMMARY:
The Staff Assistant/Scheduler will be entrusted with maintaining the
Congressman's official schedule, travel plans, and related records. They will also
oversee the congressional intern program and be responsible for various
administrative functions in the Washington, D.C. office.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Work with the Chief of Staff to prepare and coordinate the Member’s schedule.
•Serve as a liaison with external stakeholders on meeting requests.
•Process official travel vouchers and office expenses for reimbursement.
•Maintain and organize important administrative files.
•Coordinate travel and planning activities for the Member and office staff.
•Ensure the Congressman is provided with briefing materials and memos for each
event.
•Coordinate scheduling of press interviews with the Communications Director.
•Manage the D.C. office tour program for constituents.
•Oversee the internship program for the office including the following:
•Compile applications for consideration by the Chief of Staff;
•Train and orient new interns;
•Assign daily duties to interns;
•Be responsive to scheduling matters outside of office hours and on the weekend.
•Staffs the front reception area, greets visitors and answers telephones.
•Other duties as assigned.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Exceptional attention to detail.
•Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.
•Ability to be diplomatic in liaising with outside groups.
•Thorough knowledge of office administration, policies, practices, and
procedures.
•Strong sense of urgency and responsiveness.
Resumes may be emailed to housegopemployment@gmail.com
Page 11 of 20

MEM-238-24

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full-time Staff Assistant in
her Washington, DC office.
The staff assistant will work closely with the chief of staff and the scheduler, and
responsibilities include managing the front office and welcoming constituents and
other visitors; driving the Member; processing incoming mail, phone calls, and
constituent requests including tours and flags; managing the intern program;
greeting visitors; providing administrative support for the office including
support for events; and other duties assisting the staff and Member as assigned.
Applicants should be detail-oriented, proactive, calm under pressure, able to
exercise discretion, eager to work in a fast-paced office, and willing to work
flexible hours when the Member is in DC. Strong communication, logistical,
interpersonal, and organizational skills are essential.
Applicants must have a valid driver’s license, a clean driving record, and be
comfortable driving in DC. Access to personal car preferred, although not
required. This role provides a unique entry level opportunity to work closely with
a senior Member of Congress.
TO APPLY: please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (1-2 pages), and
two reference contacts in a single pdf file
to Daniel.Robillard@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant: [Your
name (First/Last)]” No calls or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and encourages all qualified candidates to apply.
Connecticut ties are a plus.

MEM-236-24

Congresswoman Sylvia Garcia seeks a Communications Director/Press
Secretary for her DC office. The position requires some travel to the district to
support media relations and press events and supervises a talented
communications team. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply as soon as
possible.
Job Expectations:
The Communications Director/Press Secretary is expected to work closely with
the Chief of Staff, Legislative Director and District Director to develop and
execute a comprehensive and aggressive strategic plan to inform constituents and
the media on issues that are important to the Congresswoman. This includes
making media pitches, organizing press events, and reviewing, drafting, and
finalizing statements, remarks/speeches, press releases, media advisories, and
other messaging (e.g., social media). Finally, the Communications Director/Press
Secretary will work closely with and manage other members of the
communications team, including the DC-based speechwriter and the districtbased communications assistant.

Page 12 of 20

Ideal candidates will be bilingual in Spanish, demonstrate a successful track
record of communications experience, and have supervisory experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Garcia is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. We strongly value the diversity
of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and 1-2 short writing
samples to TX29Jobs@Gmail.com with “Communications” in the subject line.
The title and salary are commensurate with experience.
MEM-233-24

SCHEDULER – Congressman Jake Auchincloss (MA-04) is seeking a highly
motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic individual with excellent oral and
written communications skills for a Scheduler position in the Washington, DC
office.
Daily tasks include managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
DC schedule; coordinating travel, booking flight reservations, and managing
logistics for events; evaluating and organizing all incoming meeting and event
requests; communicating key information regarding the Member and the
Member’s schedule to staff; and working closely with both DC and District staff
to ensure smooth daily office operations. Candidates must be available to assist
the Member outside of regular business hours.
This position requires proven experience in administrative roles, knowledge of
the Congressional work setting, and comfort working one-on-one with the
Member, Chief of Staff, District Director, and District Scheduler. Excellent
writing, verbal and strong organizational skills are essential along with the ability
to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Previous Capitol
Hill or scheduling experience is required; this is not an entry level position.
Access to a car and a clean driving record is preferred. The salary range for this
position is $65,000-$75,000.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing
sample to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with “First Name Last Name—
Scheduler” in the Subject Line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity and expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation, or
any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

MEM-230-24

CONSTITUENT SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE

Page 13 of 20

Overview: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks Constituent Services
Representative for his office in Santa Rosa, California. The Constituent Services
Representative responsibilities include answering casework correspondence and
verbal communications with constituents; acting as liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies for the Member and constituents; office administrative
responsibilities and other duties important to serving the people of the
congressional district.
Job Duties:
•Serves as a liaison with federal government entities for individual constituent
concerns
•Assesses casework trends and identifies issues requiring legislative action and/or
additional Congressional oversight
•Prepares incoming and outgoing constituent casework to manage casework in
assigned areas of expertise
•Maintains accurate and complete files on all assigned casework to keep track of
all casework progress
•Screens and monitors cases to determine if referring the case to other
government entities is appropriate
•Answers casework correspondence, meets with constituents, and serves as a
liaison with federal, state, and local authorities to act as the representative for the
Member within their areas of responsibility
•Writes responses to constituent letters relating to casework to answer questions
or inform them of case progress
•Support Office in executing public meetings and annual Congressional activities
such as the Congressional Art Competition, Congressional App Competition, and
other similar events.
•Orders all office supplies to maintain office functionality and similar
administrative duties
•Acts as the Intern Coordinator supporting the onboarding, training, and
supervision of interns
•Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an efficient and effective manner
Featured Skills: Candidates must be a self-starter, hard-working, highly
dependable, and organized as well as possess strong oral and written
communication skills and the ability to work quickly under pressure. Good
judgment, strong customer service and interpersonal skills, attention to detail,
ability to work in a team environment, a passion for public service, and
availability to work some evenings and weekends are required. Driver’s license
and access to vehicle is required. Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of
education and experience preferred. Prior experience working for federal, state, or
local government, especially related to casework is preferred. Familiarity with
Member's district, especially the Sonoma Valley, is preferred. Ability to
communicate in multiple languages, especially Spanish, is highly desirable.

Page 14 of 20

Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience.
Applicant Instructions: Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume,
two writing samples and three references to ca04districtstaff@gmail.com with the
Subject Line: Constituent Services Representative Vacancy.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-229-24

FIELD REPRESENTATIVE
Overview: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks Field Representative
for office in Santa Rosa, California, to cover Rohnert Park, Cotati and Penngrove.
The Field Representative serves as the Member's community representative for
issues and programs within their assigned areas, including monitoring and
updating the Member and their colleagues on important local issues, emerging
trends, and critical developments.
They also represent the Member at community events and meetings, schedule the
Member while in the district, prepare and attend meetings and events with the
Member, answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents, act as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents, and other duties important to serving the people of the
congressional district.
Job Duties:
•Coordinates with the Member and colleagues to ensure outreach efforts align
with the Member’s strategic vision, goals, and priorities
•Collaborates with district and D.C. colleague to ensure district priorities are
aligned and inform the Member’s legislative strategy
•Serves as a liaison with federal government entities for individual constituent
concerns, including the handling of constituent casework
•Collaborates with colleagues to schedule the Member while in their assigned
areas in the district
•Assesses casework trends and identifies issues requiring legislative action and/or
additional Congressional oversight
•Informs the Member and colleagues on any important developments and current
events impacting the district
•Builds and maintains positive relationships with constituents, key community
leaders, and other stakeholders
•Tracks news stories and social media posts for the Member and colleagues,
including the communications team
•Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal officials and stakeholders to form
effective relationships for the Member
•Attends events to serve as a representative for the Member, as determined by
Page 15 of 20

their supervisor
•Handles various community issues in accordance with office policies and
procedures.
•Support Office in executing public meetings and annual Congressional activities
such as the Congressional Art Competition, Congressional App Competition, and
other similar events.
•Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an efficient and effective manner
•Understands differing perspectives and opinions to navigate conflicts and
develop solutions effectively
Featured Skills: Candidates must be a self-starter, hard-working, highly
dependable, adaptable, and organized as well as possess strong oral and written
communication skills and the ability to work quickly under pressure. Good
judgment, strong customer service and interpersonal skills, ability to develop and
collaborate with coalitions, works well in a team environment, a passion for
public service, and availability to work evenings and weekends are required.
Driver’s license and access to vehicle is required. Bachelor's degree or equivalent
combination of education and experience preferred. Prior experience developing
a community relations strategy for a Member of Congress, elected official, or
Federal agency is preferred. Familiarity with Member's district, especially
Rohnert Park, Cotati, and Penngrove, is preferred. Ability to communicate in
multiple languages, especially Spanish, is highly desirable.
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience.
Applicant Instructions: Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume,
two writing samples and three references to ca04districtstaff@gmail.com with the
Subject Line: Field Representative Vacancy. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status),
sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-180-24

Congressman Steven Horsford’s District Office is seeking to hire a full-time
District Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team.
Job Summary:
Under the supervision of the District Director, the District Representative acts as
the representative for the Member. District Representative responsibilities include
strengthening relationships with key stakeholders, as well as attending
engagements on behalf of the Member. Caseworker responsibilities include
helping constituents resolve problems with federal agencies through written and
verbal communication.
Responsibilities:

Page 16 of 20

Outreach Responsibilities:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals.
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities.
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders.
•Organize and participate in community events, town halls, and outreach
campaigns to engage constituents.
Casework Responsibilities:
•Act as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility,
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies.
•Handle casework assignments and assess casework for problems requiring
legislative action, making recommendations to the District Director and Chief of
Staff.
•Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents.
Communications and Professionalism:
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents.
•Accept performance-based criticism and directions.
•Work well under pressure and handle stress.
•Work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
•Perform other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
•Political knowledge and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer
service manners; public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional
nights, weekends and some holidays.
Benefits:
•Comprehensive health insurance coverage, including medical, dental, and vision
plans.
•Paid annual and sick leave.
•Thrift Savings Plan Retirement program.
•Student Loan Repayment.
•Health and Wellness programs.
•Transit Benefits.
•House Professional Development programs.
•Employee purchasing/government discounts

Page 17 of 20

Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with District 4 community is preferred.
Application Instructions:
This is a full-time position based in the North Las Vegas district office. Salary is
competitive and commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, individuals
with disabilities, and veteran
are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples
(no longer than two pages) and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with "District Representative,” [Last Name,
First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-155-24

PRESS SECRETARY- The Office of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03)
seeks an experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates must be able to manage media relations, press opportunities, and
messaging for a senior member of Congress. This role reports to the
Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active
relationships with top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience
will receive preferred consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations,
messaging, and risk management.
•Advance press events and staff the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current
relationships with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the office’s larger
communications strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who
does not discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex
(including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation,
marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee
organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit

Page 18 of 20

factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as candidates from
underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.
MEM-135-24

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
Page 19 of 20

preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Page 20 of 20

