House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 10, 2014
MEM-127-14

Legislative Correspondent:
Senior Midwest Democrat seeks a Legislative Correspondent to handle issuespecific constituent communications and legislative research. Responsibilities
include, but are not limited to, drafting constituent correspondence, tracking
legislation, meeting with constituents and interest groups, briefing the
Congressman, and generally supporting the legislative and front office
operations. Candidate must be highly dependable, flexible, and have superior
organizational and writing skills. Knowledge of the legislative process and
Indiana ties a plus. Please send a cover letter, resume, and a short writing
sample to in01.resume@mail.house.gov. No calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.

MEM-126-14

MILITARY LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT: Freshman Democratic Member
who is very active in military, veterans, and intelligence issues, seeks a
legislative assistant to cover these areas and others that will be
assigned. Duties include preparing and staffing the Member for meetings,
developing and advancing legislation and other policy priorities of the
Member, contributing to floor speeches and other external communications,
researching and advising the Member on bills and other issues, representing

the Member in meetings, and drafting constituent correspondence. This is not
an entry level position. Applicants must have military and/or defense related
experience. The successful candidate will possess strong oral and written
communication skills, be able to multi-task and thrive in a fast paced
environment, and be a team player with a sense of humor. Legislative
experience on the Hill and Hawaii ties a plus. Veterans are encouraged to
apply. Please email a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample (less
than two pages) to hi02jobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line by COB on Wednesday, February 19.
MEM-125-14

COMMUNICATIONS ASSISTANT— Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) is
seeking a Communications Assistant in Washington, D.C., to assist with the
Member’s external communications efforts. Responsibilities will include
drafting media advisories and press releases; collating daily press clips and
morning headlines; creating content for the Member’s social media accounts;
developing graphic design and drafting constituent mail and managing the
constituent mail program.
The ideal candidate will be creative, have excellent written and oral
communication skills, strongly proficient with digital and social media
platforms, energetic and a detail-oriented team player able to multi-task and
produce high-quality work on tight deadlines. Graphic and/or video editing
skills are highly preferred. Michiganders are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail resume, cover letter and two writing samples (no more than 1page each) to michigan05jobs@gmail.com (subject line should read:
Communications Assistant Application). No telephone calls, emails or walkins, please.

MEM-123-14

Democratic Congressional committee seeks experienced tax attorney to
advise on tax policy, brief Members and write Committee materials on budget
implications of federal tax policies, and work with Congressional and outside
experts on revenue options. Requires knowledge of corporate and individual
tax policy, strong analytical and quantitative skills, strong written and oral
communication skills, attention to detail, and the ability to work effectively
under tight deadlines. Hill experience preferred. Email resume, two brief
writing samples, and cover letter with subject line “revenue analyst” to
revenue.analyst@mail.house.gov -- no phone calls or walk-ins.

MEM-119-14

Transportation Legislative Assistant Opening: New Jersey Democrat is
seeking a legislative assistant to handle the Member’s work on the
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Responsibilities include:
preparing and staffing the Member for committee hearings and markups,
developing and advancing legislation and other policy priorities of the

Member, researching and advising the Member on bills and other issues,
representing the Member in meetings, and drafting constituent
correspondence. Other issues to be handled include: labor, education,
agriculture, and arts and humanities. The ideal candidate will have a
transportation background and Hill experience.
Please e-mail cover letter, resume and two brief writing samples to
nj08jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or drop-ins.

MEM-108-14

Job Summary and Requirements: Committee on Ethics has an opening for a
Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones; assisting with the
committee investigations production process; assisting with the tracking and
processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in
setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases
with accuracy. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a
professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft
Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and
flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects.
Applicant Instructions: Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff
Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov NO PHONE
CALLS PLEASE.

MEM-107-14

Labor Policy Counsel (Pensions): House Committee Democrats with
jurisdiction over private sector employment issues seek highly motivated
counsel or advisor to handle pension and retirement policy matters, including
legislative and oversight work related to defined benefit pension plans,
401(k)’s, ERISA, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC), and the
Employee Benefits Security Administration (EBSA). While the core of the
work will be focused on retirement issues, this position may cover additional
areas within labor policy, to be determined. Candidates must have familiarity
with ERISA and employment and labor law generally, with at least three years
of experience working in these areas. Candidates must have excellent research
and writing skills. Candidates must thrive in a fast-moving environment; be
team-oriented, creative, and strategic; and have a positive, can-do
attitude. Experience working on Capitol Hill is a plus. This position
provides an opportunity to work for highly engaged, energetic Members of
Congress and policy staff with a strong commitment to strengthening workers’
rights and working families’ retirement security .Equal opportunity
employer. Salary commensurate with experience. Send cover letter and
resume to edlabor.press@mail.house.gov.

MEM-106-14

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR: Southern conservative Democrat seeks a

Communications Director to manage press operations in both the DC and
District media markets. Responsibilities include pitching stories and
responding to press inquiries; writing press releases, op-eds, and statements;
coordinating in-district events; booking appearances on radio and television;
ensuring an active online presence. Candidates must be proactive, team
players, have excellent written and oral communications skills, substantial
press experience, and the ability to work quickly and carefully under tight
deadlines. Must work closely with DC and district staff to quickly grasp
legislative and local issues and communicate them effectively. Knowledge of
Energy and Commerce Committee issues, Southern ties, and campaign
experience a plus. This position will be based in the DC office. Please email
cover letter, resume, and at least 2 writing samples to
GA12jobs@mail.house.gov.
PAR-001-14

The Compilation of Precedents Office is looking for a DIGITAL EDITOR to
join the office. The Digital Editor will assist the Legal Editors and the IT
Director on a variety of projects relating to the publication of the precedents of
the U.S. House of Representatives. The Office is nonpartisan and is affiliated
with the House Parliamentarian’s Office.
RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE:
 Maintaining, updating, and editing the Office’s SQL database for content
and accuracy for publishable materials. Researching and composing
reports from database to assist with Office’s needs. Utilizing technological
knowledge to expand and enhance the database’s capabilities while
maintaining accuracy and precision.
 Working closely with the IT Director on developing other research
methods and composition techniques based on current capabilities and in
accordance with Government Printing Office’s technology/standards.
 Assisting the Legal Editors in preparation for publications of various
products. This will include citation checking, basic copy editing, and style
checking consistent with internal, GPO, and legal standards.
 Acting as a liaison between the Office and the GPO in production and
distribution of products. The Digital Editor will potentially oversee work
of GPO detailees and interns working on various projects for office.
 Creating new research reports from a variety of sources (including internal
database, various government and legal databases, and working with
various House staff) as needed.
REQUIREMENTS




Bachelor’s degree required.
Excellent computer database management essential. Knowledge of SQL,
XML, Microsoft Office, and publication software preferred.
 Excellent editing skills and commitment to detail essential. Legal or
citation checking helpful.
 Commitment to nonpartisan atmosphere essential. Knowledge of Hill or
legislative processes helpful, but not essential.
 Ability to work both independently and in a collaborative matter essential.
Ability to be a self-starter also essential.
DOCUMENTS REQUIRED:
Please send cover letter, resume sample, and either a writing sample or digital
portfolio to Andrew Neal, Compilation of Precedents Editor, by email only to
Andrew.neal@mail.house.gov by March 1, 2014. Hire date April 1, 2014.

