________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 3, 2023

MEM-201-23

Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (OR-6) seeks a Constituent Services
Representative based in Oregon.
This position serves as a caseworker and facilitator to constituents interacting
with federal agencies. The position focuses on veteran and active military
casework and serves as the Congresswoman’s veteran and military representative
to the public. The position will also have additional casework assignments with
other federal agencies.
Primary duties include answering casework correspondence and communications;
acting as a liaison with Federal, State, and local agencies; assessing casework and
community activities for consideration of legislative action, regular engagement
with constituents; preparing correspondence to agency contacts and constituents;
building relationships with a range of constituents and stakeholders throughout
the district; and handling administrative tasks as assigned.
Qualifications include a service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills,
proficiency at prioritizing and managing multiple tasks at one time, a capacity to
work both independently and as part of a team, and strong written and oral
communications skills. Bachelor’s degree preferred and/or 2 to 3 years of
experience. Spanish-language proficiency is a plus. Some in-district travel will be
expected.

Page 1 of 32

This position is currently based in the Salem, Oregon office, with ability to move
to the
Washington County office once established.
Salary range for this position is $55,00 to $65,00 + benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified candidates
are encouraged
to apply.
Please email cover letter and resume to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with
subject line:
Constituent Services Representative. This position will be open until filled.
MEM-200-23

Rep. Raul Ruiz, M.D., the Ranking Member of the House Select Subcommittee
on the Coronavirus Pandemic, is seeking a Staff Assistant to join the Democratic
staff of the Select Subcommittee.
The ideal candidate will be an enthusiastic, organized, and detail-oriented selfstarter with previous experience working or interning on Capitol Hill.
Responsibilities will include editing letters, maintaining correspondence files and
other records, monitoring phone lines, hosting meetings, and supporting staff on
all aspects of hearings, briefings, and other events. Opportunities to assist
investigative and communications staff with research and press projects will be
available.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover
letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.

Page 2 of 32

MEM-199-23

Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. seeks an experienced Communications Director
for his Washington, D.C. office to lead an active press, digital, and
communications operation.
Job Expectations:
The Communications Director is expected to work closely with the Chief of
Staff, Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and execute a
comprehensive and aggressive strategic plan to inform constituents and the media
on issues that are important to the Congressman.
This includes making media pitches, organizing press events, and reviewing,
drafting, and finalizing statements, remarks/speeches, press releases, media
advisories, and other messaging (e.g., newsletters and social media). Finally, the
Communications Director will oversee an aggressive Franked communications
program, which includes mailers, digital ads, and SMS texting. Successful
candidates will be exceptional writers and have strong experience working in
fast-paced environments and implementing aggressive communications plans.
Job Duties:
•Serve as on-the-record spokesperson
•Develop and implement overall media and communications strategy
•Work with both national and local press to expand reach and presence
•Organize and coordinate events with the media, including working closely with
the district staff to organize in-district events
•Draft speeches/remarks, press releases, media advisories, op-eds, and statements
•Oversee the press team in leading a social media strategy across a variety of
platforms
•Work with the COS to build out a robust franked communication program
Requirements:
•3-5 years of communications experience
•Exceptional writing skills
•Spanish language skills are preferred but not required
•A successful track record of developing a communication strategy for a Member
of Congress, elected official, political campaign, private, and/or non-profit
organization
We strongly encourage women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people
with disabilities, veterans, and members of other underrepresented communities
to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate
based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. This is an in-person position in Washington, D.C. with some
remote work opportunities and travel to the District. The position is eligible for
transit benefits and student loan repayment assistance.

Page 3 of 32

Please submit cover letter, resume and three writing samples
to CARuizJobs@mail.house.gov; and please include Communications Director in
the Subject Line.
MEM-198-23

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Republicans seek an exceptional
candidate for a junior counsel position.
Ideally the candidate would be a recent law school graduate with 1-2 years of
either Hill experience or relevant outside experience working in foreign affairs.
The junior counsel will assist the majority’s lawyers and professional staff
members with a wide array of oversight, legislative and parliamentarian functions
related to the Department of State, USAID, and the U.S. Agency for Global
Media.
Knowledge of State Department management and operations, is a plus but not a
requirement. Responsibilities include supporting the committee on matters of law
and policy; writing legislation; coordinating hearings and witnesses; drafting
memos and briefing materials; conducting document review and corresponding
with relevant agencies regarding oversight requests; and monitoring incoming
congressional notifications and reports.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to joseph.martin@mail.house.gov.

MEM-197-23

Senior Advisor / Special Assistant to the Member
(District Office)
Office of Congresswoman Jill Tokuda
SUMMARY:
This position staffs the Member on Oahu and manages some district office
operations. This position acts as a liaison to federal, state, and local agencies for
the Member and constituents and answers casework correspondence and verbal
communications with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Staffs the Member while on Oahu and on other islands as needed, including but
not limited to:
*Driving Member to and from meetings and events.
*Taking pictures and collecting corresponding contact information.
*Taking notes and ensuring follow up.
*Keeping Member on schedule.
*Oversees the completion of the Congressional Art and App Competitions.
*Acts as the point person for grants outreach and education for the office.
*Oversees delegation and completion of proclamations and certificates.
*Sets up system to receive requests; draft/proof/finalize text; execute and deliver
messages.
Page 4 of 32

*Maintains current list of neighborhood board meetings, ensures coverage, and
prepares reports and compiles responses.
*Completes casework as needed.
*Represents the Member at events and meetings as assigned.
Interested candidates are requested to submit a cover letter and resume
to Kendra.Oishi@mail.house.gov
MEM-196-23

Senior Legislative Assistant or Counsel – Financial Services
Congressman Brad Sherman seeks a Legislative Assistant to staff the House
Financial Services Committee including the Capital Markets Subcommittee on
which the Congressman serves as ranking Democrat.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience in financial services issues.
Experience with issues falling under the jurisdiction of the Capital Markets
Subcommittee is a major plus. Job responsibilities include monitoring and
drafting legislation, representing the Member in meetings/briefings, preparing
materials for committee hearings and markups, maintaining relationships with
advocacy groups, interfacing with government agencies, and other tasks and
assignments as needed.
The successful candidate will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a solid understanding of the legislative process, and knowledge of, and
experience with, the operations of the SEC and other rules-making entities that
govern capital markets and securities-related accounting standards.
This job requires a proven ability to work effectively and independently in a
demanding and fast-paced environment. Law degree/bar membership a plus, but
not required. This is a mid- to senior-level position in the office.
Please send cover letter and resume to FSCCapMarketsStaffer@gmail.com

MEM-195-23

The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks a motivated, creative self-starter
to join the district constituent services team as a District Coordinator in the
Woodbridge, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the Congresswoman
at district events, meeting with elected officials and representatives of local
groups on behalf of the Congresswoman, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.

Page 5 of 32

Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience required. Must hold a valid
driver’s license and have access to a vehicle. Spanish fluency preferred.
Please email a resume, cover letter, and three references
to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with "District Coordinator Woodbridge" in the subject line.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-194-23

The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger seeks a Legislative Director to oversee her
legislative work and lead her legislative team.
Responsibilities:
•Manage and guide the work of the legislative team, including Legislative
Assistants and Fellows
•Handle a portfolio of policy issues (note: there is flexibility in the portfolio – see
Desired Qualifications below for possible portfolio areas)
•Develop, assist other legislative team members with developing, and
review/approve original bills to introduce, amendments, memos, letters to the
administration, hearing questions, vote recommendations, floor speeches, and
talking points for events
•Collaborate with the Communications Director, District Director, and Scheduler
to advance the Congresswoman’s agenda through non-legislative avenues
•Ensure the legislative team’s work is responsive to VA-07 constituents and in
line with the Congresswoman’s priorities
•Support the Congresswoman in her role of Battleground Leadership
Representative by communicating with other Battleground LDs, providing early
information and insight on upcoming votes, etc.
•Maintain robust tracking documents to track the Congresswoman’s legislative
work and accomplishments
•Other duties as assigned
Desired qualifications:
•At least 3 years of Capitol Hill experience in a legislative role
•At least 5 years of total work experience in government, advocacy, policy
Page 6 of 32

analysis, or campaigns
•Experience in a Frontline/Battleground Member office or on a competitive
campaign
•Deep policy expertise in one or more of the following sets of issue areas (i.e.
expertise in at least one of the three buckets listed below):
1.National Security, Intelligence, Defense, and Foreign Affairs (note: this set of
issues would include supporting the Congresswoman’s work on the House
Intelligence Committee)
2.Infrastructure, transportation, energy, environment, agriculture, conservation,
broadband
3.Healthcare, substance use disorder & recovery, domestic manufacturing &
supply chains, policing, labor, pensions, social security
•Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience; graduate degree preferred
•Virginia ties and/or knowledge of Virginia’s 7th District
•Management experience
•Strong understanding of legislative procedure
•Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
•A “roll up your sleeves” mentality – a team player who will provide policy
advice while also helping to break down tables after an event
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and three references
to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director” in the
subject line. The salary range for the position is $95,000-$105,000.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, ethnicity, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, or veteran status.
Women, people of color, and candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.
MEM-193-23

Congressman Maxwell Alejandro Frost (FL-10) seeks a District Press/Digital
Assistant for his Orlando, Florida office who is a highly motivated and detailoriented individual with experience in communications, digital media, and social
media.
This position will work closely with and report to the Communications Director
to assist with press operations as well as the District Director to ensure support
for operations in the Orlando office.
The ideal candidate will be plugged into local and national politics, be creative,
politically astute, have a strong proficiency in crafting social media content
across social media platforms, and will be a team player with an ability to handle
multiple tasks at once. Excellent writing and strong organizational skills are
essential, 1-2 years of relevant experience (including internships) is preferred.

Page 7 of 32

RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Compiling daily press clips
•Drafting press releases, advisories, newsletters, and other written materials
•Creating social media content and website content
•Attending and assisting with District outreach events
•Creating engaging graphics
•Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
•Creating and maintaining press lists
•Maintaining relationships with local media and reporters
•Staffing the Congressman at various in-district events
•Other tasks as needed, including supporting the general operations of the
Orlando and DC offices
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
•Excellent oral & written communication skills
•Some photo, video, or web experience
•Ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks
•Comfortable with interacting with constituents, elected officials, and community
leaders
•Basic understanding of the Congressional political process
This is a full-time position based in Congressman Frost’s Orlando office.
Employees are expected to work from the office with some work from home
flexibilities. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status), color,
age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Interested candidates are asked to submit an application
to FrostHiring@gmail.com by April 15, 2023 with the following subject line:
“Full Name – Press/Digital Assistant.” Candidates should submit a single PDF
which includes a resume and cover letter.
MEM-192-23

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair of the
Congressional Progressive Caucus, seeks a highly organized, passionate, and
team-oriented Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent for the Representative’s
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Executing a robust correspondence program to quickly address constituent
requests, concerns, and questions across a range of issues;
●Driving Rep. Jayapal to and from events during regular office hours and after
hours and, when needed, staffing her at offsite events;
●Managing Rep. Jayapal’s front office, welcoming visitors and groups (post
pandemic), setting up tours and other constituent services in DC, and supporting
the Chief of Staff with personnel, technology, subscriptions and log-in lists, and
financial management duties;
Page 8 of 32

●Managing the Washington, D.C. internship and fellowship program;
●Working across the legislative, district, and communications teams to provide
administrative support; and
●Other special projects as required.
The ideal candidate will be:
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●Willing and able to work long and often irregular hours, including weekends;
●An expert with spreadsheets, numbers, and forms, with strong attention to
detail;
●A strong writer who enjoys breaking down policy for everyday people;
●Poised, no-drama, flexible, collaborative, and level-headed; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. Washington state and/or district ties are a plus. Driver’s
license, four-door car in good condition and clean driving record are required.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and
references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Staff
Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
Link to website: https://jayapal.house.gov/staff-assistant-legislativecorrespondent/
MEM-189-23

Rep. Sharice Davids’ office seeks an energetic, motivated, and organized
Legislative Correspondent for her Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should
be able to operate in a team-oriented environment and have great interpersonal
skills, dedication, an eagerness to learn, and a strong work ethic.
This position requires someone who is detail attentive and will take pride of
ownership over a large and complex correspondence operation in an office with a
high volume of messages. Applicants must show competence in administrative
work, research, and writing. However, applicants should note the office views
this position as ultimately fulfilling a communications function. Applicants must
demonstrate an acute awareness of the importance of clearly communicating with
constituents in a timely manner that reflects Rep. Davids’ voice, priorities, and
values.
Duties include managing multiple logistical tasks, legislative research, drafting
and editing responses that are free of jargon, shepherding drafts through the
office’s approval process, ensuring the office’s responses are up-to-date, meeting
office deadlines and metrics, managing interns and appropriately managing up,
and assisting with proactive outreach projects as needed such as email newsletters
and mass mailings.

Page 9 of 32

Applicants with superior writing and editing skills, ties to the state of Kansas,
familiarity with using Intranet Quorum (IQ), project management experience, and
Capitol Hill experience are preferred. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and strongly encourages women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people
with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities to apply.
If interested, please email a cover letter and resume
to ks03.jobs@mail.house.gov by Wednesday, April 5th, 2023, at 5:00 PM ET. A
subsequent writing test will also be administered. No walk-ins or phone calls,
please.
MEM-187-23

The Democratic staff of the House Natural Resources Committee (HNRC) seeks
a Staff Director (SD) for Indian Affairs to advise Committee Members in the
development of legislative initiatives to elevate the interests of Indigenous
Peoples of the United States and to uphold the federal trust responsibility.
Candidates should be knowledgeable and passionate about Indian Affairs; have
experience in advancing federal legislation; and have relationships with tribal
governments, communities, or organizations.
The SD will work directly with the Counsel’s Office and Director of Legislative
Operations to advance tribal legislation, prepare for Committee meetings, and
create legislative memos and reference materials for staff and Members of
Congress. The SD also supervises legislative employees, including interviewing,
training, assigning work, and appraising performance.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates a clear understanding of the unique
relationships that the U.S. government maintains with American Indians, Alaska
Natives, and Native Hawaiians and the workings of Congress. Demonstrates an
awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and concerns of individuals from
diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations. Understands how HNRC issues
intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in the U.S. and has a
passion for working to dismantle these systems.
Salary is commensurate with experience, plus benefits.
Full job description and instructions on how to apply can be found here:
https://democrats-naturalresources.house.gov/contact/job-postings

MEM-185-23

The Office of Congressman Dwight Evans (D-PA-03) seeks a Digital and
Communications Assistant.
This position reports directly to the Congressman’s Communications Director.
Candidates must have strong writing and digital media skills, pay close attention
to proofreading and fact-checking, be highly organized, have a problem-solving
approach to work, and be capable of thriving in a fast-paced and rapidly changing
environment.
Page 10 of 32

The ability to meet deadlines is a must. Proficiency with social media tools,
graphic design and standard Microsoft Office and Adobe software tools is
required. Working knowledge of House processes and procedures is required, and
Philadelphia knowledge is preferred.
Responsibilities include, and are not limited to: drafting daily social media
content for all of the Congressman’s official platforms, subject to editing;
creating graphics; shooting and editing videos; sending daily news clips; drafting
op-eds on a variety of issues and e-newsletters; working with district staff to
produce regular virtual and tele-town hall meetings; serving as point person for
the Congressman’s annual State of the District report; and consistently
monitoring, and updating the Congressman’s website; and other duties as
assigned. Occasional travel to the district may be required.
Qualified candidates should send a cover letter, resume and at least three
examples of your work, including at least one writing sample, at least one graphic
you have created, and one video you have created and edited
to PA03.Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. The salary range is $50,000-$60,000. The deadline
to apply is April 7, 2023.
MEM-184-23

Ranking Democratic Member of the House Committee on Science, Space, and
Technology seeks to fill a Staff and Press Assistant opening on the Full
Committee staff.
Duties include managing the front office, assisting with hearings and markups,
communicating with Member offices, hiring and managing interns, assisting with
social and other digital media, managing the Committee website, drafting press
releases and the Committee newsletter, and executing other duties as needed.
Applicants should possess strong organizational and communication skills, the
ability to work under tight deadlines, and be able to multi-task effectively. An
interest in science policy is required, Hill experience and Spanish language
fluency are a plus. The salary range for this position is $50-55K.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SciResumes@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. In addition, we are
committed to and benefit from a diverse staff and candidates of all backgrounds.
This position will close April 10, 2023.
Page 11 of 32

MEM-182-23

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Caseworker to join her team in
Waterbury, CT.
Ideal candidates will have prior knowledge of federal agencies; excellent written
and verbal communication skills; strong organizational and time management
skills; a positive and empathetic attitude; and an ability to work under pressure
and meet deadlines in an fast-paced work environment. Bilingual applicants
residents of CT-05 are preferred.
Duties include:
*Acting as the representative for the Congresswoman within their area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies, persons or groups for effective
relationships for the Congresswoman;
*Informing the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in
their assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
*Handling casework assignments and assesses casework for problems requiring
legislative action and makes recommendations to the District Director and Chief
of Staff;
*Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Congresswoman with constituents;
*Logging incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
*Preparing periodic reports for the Congresswoman and District Director on
pending cases and district activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
*Continually screening active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
*Maintaining up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested parties should e-mail a concise cover letter including salary
requirements and a resume to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following
subject line: Full Name - Caseworker. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-179-23

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
Page 12 of 32

support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $47,093 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-177-23

Southern California Democratic Office seeks Staff Assistant to join front office
team.
MUST have a reliable and safe vehicle and driving record. Candidates should be
well-organized, hard-working, and detail-oriented. High degree of
professionalism required, as well as an ability to work a flexible schedule,
including long hours.
Duties include answering telephone calls, greeting visitors, supervising interns,
assisting legislative staff, and driving the Member in DC. Capitol Hill experience
and California ties preferred. Spanish language skills a plus. Starting salary of
$45,000, plus student loan repayment, and standard House benefits (healthcare,
pension, TSP, etc.).
Email cover letter, resume, and references in one PDF document
to Ryan.Viessman@mail.house.gov with subject heading “Staff Assistant
Position”. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-176-23

Legislative Director Role for Representative Alma Adams (NC-12)
The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director.
The LD will help drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing
and implementing the strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals;
supervise and mentor the legislative staff while advising on the
Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own legislative
portfolio, which will include work on the Black Maternal Health Caucus.
Page 13 of 32

The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior
leadership team to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall
operations. The LD will also help ensure coordination between DC and district
offices on important legislative updates and district-based events and projects.
This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill experience and knowledge of
the legislative process are required. The successful applicant will have crisp and
thorough written and oral communications skills, an entrepreneurial and selfstarting attitude, strong attention to detail, creativity, and be a team player.
Supervisory experience and expertise on healthcare policy is strongly preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov.
Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with North
Carolina ties. Due to the volume of applications, we receive, we will only contact
you if we decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct
emails, or walk-ins.
MEM-175-23

The Ofﬁce of Congresswoman Angie Craig seeks an organized and motivated
self-starter to serve as Scheduler.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
● Managing the member’s daily and long-term schedule for her time in
Washington, DC and Minnesota
● Organizing and tracking invitations and meeting requests
● Coordinating travel for the member and staff
● Compiling daily brieﬁng materials
● Working closely with the Staff Assistant to provide administrative support to
the member and the team
● Transporting the member as needed
● Additional duties as assigned
Ideal candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills,
meticulous attention to detail, strong time management skills, good judgment,
and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Nights and weekends may be
required, especially during legislative sessions. A valid driver’s license and good
driving record are required.

Page 14 of 32

This position is located in the Washington, DC ofﬁce and reports directly to the
Chief of Staff. Previous Capitol Hill experience or Minnesota ties are a plus.
The salary range for this position is $60,000 - $70,000.
This ofﬁce is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse
backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. To apply please submit your
resume and a cover letter to Repcraigresumebank@gmail.com with your name
and “Scheduler Application” in the subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls
please.
MEM-170-23

Background:
REP SHONTEL M. BROWN of OH-11 has an immediate need to hire an
experienced Casework Manager/Field Liaison in a full-time capacity.
Job Expectations:
The Casework Manager/Field Liaison (CMFL) will manage all casework,
outreach, and constituent engagement operations and supervise all caseworkers.
In addition, the CMFL is responsible for handling an individual caseload,
ensuring outstanding constituent services, and developing innovative and
effective outreach and public engagement strategies. The CMFL will be
responsible for maintaining excellent relationships with key federal, state, and
local agencies and stakeholders within a policy portfolio to be determined. The
CMFL will collaborate regularly with the Press Secretary, designated legislative
staff, and other relevant staff regarding district-focused policy priorities. Nontraditional work hours occur often including evening and weekends as needed.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified candidates will excel in the
following areas:
•Creativity and Innovation: able to proactively seek creative solutions to pressing
problems and help develop effective visual and written products to communicate
those solutions to constituents
•Project Management: able to balance short- and long-term priorities, work
collaboratively with colleagues and external stakeholders, and anticipate possible
obstacles to success
•Stakeholder Management: able to build relationships with diverse stakeholders
and find opportunities to collaborate
Job Duties:
•Serves as a lead organizer and/or as a representative for the Congresswoman at
events in the district as determined by the District Director
•Ensures outreach efforts align with the Congresswoman's strategic vision and
goals
•Collaborates closely with the District Director and designated D.C. staff to
Page 15 of 32

ensure district priorities are reflected in legislative priorities
•Monitors and updates the District Director on casework trends
•Builds and maintains relationships with constituents and key community leaders
and stakeholders
•Serves as a liaison with federal government agencies for individual constituent
concerns
•Handles individual casework portfolio
•Engages in conduct and activities that reinforce the positive impact of the
Congressional office on the community
•Performs other duties as needed
Requirements:
•Bachelor's degree
•Ability to help build, manage, and support strong goal-oriented teams
•Ability to navigate and advise others through challenging situations
•3-5 years of constituent service experience and/or experience leading outreach or
engagement efforts
•Experience building and maintaining constituent and/or customer relationships
•Able to maintain composure and professionalism in every interaction with
constituents
•Strong problem-solving and decision-making skills
•Ability to manage competing priorities in high-stress environments
•Strong organizational skills
•Ability to navigate nuanced and complex issues/situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking
•Proven experience handling sensitive information and maintaining
confidentiality
Preferences:
•Experience in agency related casework
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Knowledge of the district
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume and
writing sample to Ohio11resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject "CMFL: Last
Name, First Name". Incomplete applications will not be considered.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.

Page 16 of 32

MEM-169-23

Background:
REP SHONTEL M. BROWN of OH-11 has an immediate need to hire an
experienced Grants Coordinator/Field Liaison (GCFL) in a full-time capacity.
Job Expectations:
The Grants Coordinator/Field Liaison (GCFL) will serve as a liaison to federal
government agencies on behalf of the Congresswoman's constituents. The GCFL
will handle the federal grant portfolio and assigned casework. They will also
organize and participate in district outreach activities and workshops. The GCFL
will also collaborate regularly with the District Director, Caseworkers/Field
Representatives, and Director of Operations. Non-traditional work hours occur
often including evening and weekends as needed.
Job Duties:
•Serves as a liaison with federal government agencies for constituents,
government entities, community organizations, nonprofits, and other grant
applicants
•Researches and identifies federal grant opportunities
•Develops and maintains master files on grants as well as paperwork related to
grant announcements for dissemination to constituents
•Monitors grant announcements and updates the District Director of new grant
trends
•Creates and maintains a federal grant newsletter/guide for constituents
•Collaborates with the appropriate staff members on grant award announcements,
newsletters, and media strategy
•Handles an individual casework portfolio
•Engages in conduct and activities that reinforce the positive impact of the
Congressional office on the community
Requirements:
•Bachelor's degree
•Experience building and maintaining constituent and/or customer relationships
•Strong written and verbal communication, including public speaking skills
•Ability to navigate nuanced and complex issues/situations
•Ability to effectively manage competing priorities in high-stress environments
•Proven experience handling sensitive information and maintaining
confidentiality
•Strong organizational and decision-making skills
Preferences:
•Advanced degree or comparable experience
•Previous grant writing and research experience
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Knowledge of the district
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience
Page 17 of 32

Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume and
writing sample to Ohiollresumes@mail.house.gov with the subject "Grant
Coordinator/Field Representative: Last Name, First Name". Incomplete
applications will not be considered.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-168-23

Background:
REP SHONTEL M. BROWN of OH-11 has an immediate need to hire an
experienced Caseworker/Field Representative (CWFR) in a part-time capacity
on the west side of Cleveland.
Job Expectations:
The Caseworker plays a key role by serving as a liaison to the federal government
on behalf of the Congresswoman's constituents. The Caseworker will manage a
portfolio of issue areas and work collaboratively with the District Director,
Director of Operations, and other Field Representatives to deliver exceptional
service to constituents. As Field Representative, they will act as a liaison with
federal, district, and local agencies for the Congresswoman and constituents. The
Field Representative will also be responsible for serving as the Congresswoman's
community representative for issues and programs.
Job Duties:
•Serves as a liaison with federal government agencies for individual constituent
concerns
•Handles individual casework portfolio
•Monitors and updates the District Director on casework trends
•Maintains accurate and complete files on all assigned casework matters
•Ensures outreach efforts align with the Congresswoman's strategic vision and
goals
•Builds and maintains relationships with constituents and key community leaders
and stakeholders
•Engages in conduct and activities that reinforce the positive impact of the
Congressional office on the community
•Serves as a lead organizer and/or as a representative for the Congresswoman at
events in the district as determined by the District Director
•Coordinates closely with the District Director and D.C. staff to ensure district
priorities are reflective in legislative priorities
•Informs the Casework Manager and District Director on up-and-coming issues in
the district
•Performs other duties as assigned
Page 18 of 32

Requirements:
•Bachelor's degree
•Experience developing and maintaining community leaders and constituent
relationships
•Able to maintain composure and professionalism in every interaction with
constituents
•Strong problem-solving and decision-making skills
•Strong organization skills
•Ability to manage competing priorities in high stress environments
•Deep commitment to improving constituents' lives
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking
•Proven experience handling sensitive information and maintaining
confidentiality
Preferences:
•Experience in agency related to casework
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Knowledge of the district
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume and
writing sample to Ohiollresumes@mail.house.gov with the subject PT
Caseworker/Field Representative: Last Name, First Name". Incomplete
applications will not be considered.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-167-23

Background:
REP SHONTEL M. BROWN of OH-11 has an immediate need to hire an
experienced Staff Assistant in a part-time capacity on the west side of Cleveland.
Job Expectations:
The Staff Assistant will be expected to manage the front desk during office hours,
support the district office staff with administrative office needs, and assist the
D.C. office staff with work as assigned. Staff Assistants often provide the first
impression of the office to constituents. The experiences gained in the Staff
Assistant role provide a solid foundation to advance into positions of increasing
responsibility.
Job Duties:
Page 19 of 32

•Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the office to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs
•Handles incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness
•Captures input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office's
consideration and response
•Supervise and provide expectations and feedback for office interns
•Works closely with the Congresswoman's Executive Assistant to ensure
appointments are on time as needed
•Ensures constituent casework messages are received to the appropriate district
staff in an efficient and effective manner
•Complete resolutions and coordinate delivery based on individual needs
•Manage incoming and outgoing mail
•Additional duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Bachelor's degree
•Effective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the office required
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
required
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
required
•Attention to detail
•Willingness to learn
Preferences:
•Ties to the district are strongly preferred
•Prior constituent service or customer relationship management
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Knowledge of the district
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume and
writing sample to Ohiollresumes@mail.house.gov with the subject PT Staff
Assistant: Last Name, First Name".
Incomplete applications will not be considered.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.

Page 20 of 32

MEM-164-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks an Investigative Support Analyst, with 2-8 years experience.
The Investigative Support Analyst will be responsible for the analysis and
support of sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible violations of federal law
and ethical standards of conduct by current Members, Officers and Staff of the
House of Representatives, as well as other administrative functions.
The OCE is seeking candidates interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics
and transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Support
Analyst would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and
would be eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person
core days and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
• Assume primary responsibility for managing documentary evidence submitted
to the OCE in the course of its investigations and managing office e-Discovery
platform;
• Perform legal and other research and analysis to support OCE investigations;
and
• Support OCE investigative staff and administrative operations as required.
Qualifications:
• Two years of analyst, legal support, or other investigative experience;
• Strong research skills;
• Strong organizational skills;
• Strong writing and oral presentation ability;
• Ability to:
• work independently or as part of an investigative team;
• manage multiple tasks and projects; and
• work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and exercise discretion and
independent judgment.
• Desirable but not required:
• Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
• Experience with eDiscovery or litigation support platforms (eg. Casepoint);
• Experience drafting and reviewing legal documents, preparing exhibits, or other
published materials;
• Experience with investigations involving public officials;
• Experience with record or document management;
• Experiencing maintaining or updating websites and other internet-based
platforms;
• Knowledge of current information technology tools related to investigations;
• Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
• Experience conducting interviews or depositions; and
• Experience writing reports or legal documents

Page 21 of 32

Duties:
• Gather publicly available information/records related to potential new matters
and/or ongoing matters;
• Conduct ongoing research and case development projects;
• Work with investigative staff on cases to support investigations;
• Assist attorney’s in reviewing documentary evidence;
• Assist in reviewing reports, correspondence, and transcripts for errors and
redactions;
• Participate in reviewing attorney’s written work product;
• Database management to include:
• Import/export evidence to e-discovery platform for internal review purposes and
for transmittal;
• Support incorporation of evidence in reports and exhibits; and
• Oversee maintenance of evidentiary records.
• Prepare exhibits for final reports;
• Case file maintenance;
• Supporting administrative functions directly related to investigations and serve
as backup for other administrative functions as needed; and
• Other duties as required.
Requirements:
• Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret
clearance; and
• Bachelor’s degree.
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter and resume (electronic submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-162-23

Rep. Raul Ruiz, M.D., the Ranking Member of the House Select Subcommittee
on the Coronavirus Pandemic, is seeking a Counsel or Professional Staff
Member to join the Democratic staff of the Select Subcommittee.
Responsibilities include drafting letters, negotiating with counsel, preparing for
depositions and transcribed interviews, drafting reports and memoranda, and
preparing for congressional hearings. Candidates must have superior attention to
detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and enjoy collaborative work
environments. Prior experience in congressional oversight and direct

Page 22 of 32

investigations is strongly preferred, as is a demonstrated interest in public health,
economics, and/or international affairs.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Counsel” or “Professional Staff Member” in the subject line. Please attach
the resume and cover letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.
MEM-161-23

Senior Democratic Midwest Appropriator seeks a DC-based scheduler/office
manager to coordinate the Representative’s schedule and manage the DC
office’s overall operating procedures.
Candidates must have exceptional organizational skills, high attention to detail,
ability to manage competing demands and deadlines, and a clean driving record.
Candidates must handle conflicting requests, anticipate the Member’s needs, and
exercise sound judgement when scheduling meetings, events, and travel. Hill and
scheduling experience are strongly preferred. Ohio ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Maintaining and managing the Member’s daily and long-term schedule while
coordinating with District staff.
•Responding to all incoming meeting and scheduling requests.
•Organizing travel and booking flights for Member and staff.
• Communicating scheduling changes to the Member, staff, and outside
stakeholders.
•Oversee and manage the Staff Assistant, Internship Program, and ensure
Member and staff needs are met.
•Provide operational support to the office, including time-off requests, office
supply needs, tech management, and other duties, to ensure staff are supported.
•Work closely with Chief of Staff and Financial Admin to ensure compliance
with annual budget.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter
to Steve.Katich@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Scheduler – LAST
NAME, FIRST NAME.” The office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
Page 23 of 32

MEM-160-23

Constituent Advocate: The Office of U.S. Representative Chrissy Houlahan,
PA-06 is seeking a customer service oriented, high performing individual to serve
as a Constituent Advocate in our satellite office in Reading, Pennsylvania.
As a Constituent Advocate for a congressional district office, you will be a liaison
between constituents and federal government agencies. You will respond to
constituent requests for assistance – from individuals, businesses, and nonprofits
– and resolve casework issues through inquiries, facilitation, and problem
solving.
You will represent the Congresswoman in meetings and at events in the district
while building and maintaining productive, supportive working relationships with
local government, business groups, non-profit, and other stakeholder groups
within our community of PA-06. Constituent Advocates also identify local
problems that can be solved by federal action and are knowledgeable of the
impact of proposed and enacted federal legislation on stakeholders in our
community.
The right candidate will serve as a critical part of a close-knit team. Applicants
should have an enthusiastic interest in public service, superior attention to detail,
and motivated to serve our community. Excellent written and oral communication
skills are essential in English and Spanish, as well as the ability to manage
multiple tasks, deadlines, and work well under pressure. Job responsibilities
include outreach to relevant stakeholder groups in our community and successful
candidates must have their own reliable transportation. Optimistic demeanor and
a good sense of humor are a must. Connections to Pennsylvania and the 6th
district are advantageous.
Our office hours are 9:00am – 5:00 pm Monday through Friday. Our district staff
alternates days in the office and days in a work-from-home/outreach schedule.
You must be able to attend work duties on some evenings and weekends for
events as needed. Starting annual salary is $58,000. Medical benefits, savings and
investment planning, tuition loan reimbursement, and 20 days paid leave are
available as benefits for full-time staff members. Additionally, as Rep. Houlahan
believes in actively giving back to our community, each staff member is allocated
5 additional days of paid leave for volunteer work.
Please submit resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to PA06HoulahanJobs@gmail.com and indicate “CONSTITUENT
ADVOCATE: (your last name)” in the subject line. No walk-ins or drop-bys,
please. This position will report to the District Director and begin on April 24,
2023.
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and
minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
Page 24 of 32

employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-158-23

LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR – Congressman Jake Auchincloss (MA-04),
member of the House Transportation & Infrastructure Committee and the House
Select Committee on Strategic Competition between the U.S. and the Chinese
Communist Party, is seeking an experienced Legislative Director to coordinate
and oversee the Member’s legislative agenda, along with advising the Member on
legislative activities and managing the legislative staff.
Ideal candidate will have at least 5 years of legislative experience on the Hill.
Candidate should possess a strong understanding of the legislative process,
including House organization and procedures, as well as managerial experience.
Applicant must also demonstrate an ability to manage and mentor staff, think
strategically, and have experience in formulating strategic plans for advancing
legislation. Prior experience with healthcare policy or the Transportation &
Infrastructure Committee would be a valuable asset.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. A sense of
humor is greatly appreciated.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with “LD – First Name Last Name” in the
Subject Line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. No phone calls,
faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status, or
any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

MEM-156-23

The Office of Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-32) is seeking to fill a job
opening for a caseworker position in the (Sherman Oaks) district office.
Caseworker responsibilities include:
·Interact with constituents via phone, email and in-office meetings;
·Assist senior staff with administrative responsibilities;
·Input, file and review constituent inquiries;
·Contact federal agencies on behalf of constituents
Applicant should be organized, professional, highly motivated and must possess
strong writing, typing and interpersonal skills. Must be able to work in a fastpaced environment and meet deadlines. Proficiency with Microsoft Office and
database software preferred.
Page 25 of 32

Position is entry-level, but past experience in a social work or government field is
preferred. Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college
or university with a bachelor's degree.
Salary starts at $45,000 annually, with additional considerations made for
relevant experience. We offer a generous student loan reimbursement package.
Please submit cover letter and resume attn: Scott Abrams
to scott.abrams@mail.house.gov
No calls please.
MEM-154-23

Congresswoman Emilia Strong Sykes (OH-13) is seeking a full-time Staff
Assistant/Scheduler in her Akron, Ohio office.
This position will work closely with and report to the Director of Outreach in
support of the Congresswoman’s community engagement logistics and front
office management. Primary responsibilities include answering phones, greeting
office guests, conducting research, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects. This position will also
maintain the Member’s official daily schedule, travel plans, and related records
while in Ohio.
Responsibilities include tracking, evaluating, and responding to local invitations
and scheduling requests, while maintaining close contact with the Member, DC
staff, and District staff. Qualified candidates are highly motivated, wellorganized, detail-oriented, and able to work in a fast-paced environment. This
individual must have excellent interpersonal skills, organization, and should
enjoy working as part of a team.
The Office of Congresswoman Sykes is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status),
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and a cover letter
to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Staff Assistant/Scheduler.”

MEM-153-23

Congresswoman Emilia Strong Sykes (OH-13) is seeking a full-time Field
Representative in her Akron, Ohio office to engage across Summit and Portage
Counties.
This position will work closely with and report to the Director of Outreach in
support of the Congresswoman’s community engagement efforts. Primary
Page 26 of 32

responsibilities include regular engagement with constituents; acting as a liaison
with Federal, State, and local agencies and organizations; staffing the
Congresswoman and attending community events; building relationships with a
range of stakeholders throughout the district; and handling administrative tasks as
assigned. Duties require travel throughout Summit and Portage Counties,
including occasional meetings and events during evenings and weekends.
This position requires excellence in community relations and engagement.
Qualified candidates are highly motivated, detail-oriented, able to work in a fastpaced environment, have excellent interpersonal skills, and enjoy working as part
of a team. Applicants are able to build and maintain relationships with a broad
swath of stakeholders, can effectively manage competing demands, and are
politically astute. Deep knowledge of the Congressional district is expected; this
is not an entry-level position.
The Office of Congresswoman Sykes is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status),
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and a cover letter
to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Field Representative.”
MEM-152-23

Congresswoman Emilia Strong Sykes (OH-13) is seeking a full-time Constituent
Advocate/Grant Coordinator in her Akron, Ohio office.
This position will work closely with and report to the Director of Constituent
Services in support of the Congresswoman’s community engagement efforts.
Primary responsibilities include regular engagement with constituents; answering
casework correspondence and communications; acting as a liaison with Federal,
State, and local agencies; communicating grant opportunities to local
stakeholders and drafting letters of support; preparing correspondence to agency
contacts and constituents; building relationships with a range of constituents and
stakeholders throughout the district; and handling administrative tasks as
assigned.
This position requires excellence in constituent relations, service delivery, and
community engagement. Qualified candidates are highly motivated, detailoriented, able to work in a fast-paced environment, have excellent interpersonal
skills, are able to manage competing demands, and enjoy working as part of a
team. Previous advocacy and casework experience is preferred; this is not an
entry-level position.
The Office of Congresswoman Sykes is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status),
Page 27 of 32

color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and a cover letter
to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Constituent Advocate/Grant Coordinator.”
MEM-151-23

Democratic Member seeking a Staff Assistant to join his Washington, DC office
Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized, and
professional individual to serve in the role of Staff Assistant.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, possess excellent
communication and time-management skills, the ability to exercise sound,
independent judgment, and the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with
others.
Additional daily tasks include answering phones, processing mail, assisting with
constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, and other administrative
duties supporting the Member and staff as needed.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter
to staffassistant2023@yahoo.com. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-148-23

Congressman Dan Kildee seeks a full-time press secretary in Washington, D.C.
The press secretary will manage communications in a fast-paced congressional
office for a member of House Democratic leadership in a competitive district.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging and include responding to daily media
inquiries, building relationships with national, state and local reporters, pitching
and booking frequent national cable interviews, writing press releases, statements
and media advisories, creating and managing social media content, including
graphics and videos, drafting speeches, talking points and op-eds, and creating
franked communications, including mailers and telephone townhalls. The press
secretary will also be responsible for managing a full-time press assistant and
press interns.
Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills, a selfstarting personality, a desire to continually learn in political communications,
ability to work in a fast-pace congressional office under tight press deadlines, and
an eagerness to work in a collaborative office environment. This is not an entrylevel position. Michigan ties and Adobe Creative Suite skills preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to kildeejobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

Page 28 of 32

MEM-145-23

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas), Ranking Member of the Ways & Means
Health Subcommittee and Executive Board member of the Congressional
Progressive Caucus, seeks an experienced Communications Director for his
Washington office.
This is not an entry level position. Excellent written and oral communication
skills required. Hill experience strongly preferred. Texas ties a plus.
Send cover letter, resume, brief writing sample, and three work supervisor
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Please use this title on your email:
“Comms Director Applicant” -- No drop-ins please.

MEM-141-23

Bilingual Press Secretary
The Office of Rep. Ruben Gallego (AZ-03) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated bilingual (English/Spanish) communicator with strong writing skills
and the ability to establish a strong rapport with the press.
Qualified candidates will be responsible for ensuring that the objectives and
achievements of the Congressman are communicated effectively utilizing print,
digital, and social media. This position is based in Phoenix, Arizona and will
work closely with the Communications Director.
Responsibilities include: Fielding and responding to media inquiries; drafting and
editing press releases for distribution; writing and editing talking
points/speeches/scripts; planning and creating social media content; staffing at
media events, and assist with other duties as assigned.
Occasional weekend work is required. Candidates must have outstanding writing
and communication skills, possess prior media and digital experience if possible,
and be willing to collaborate with various departments to accomplish objectives
while juggling multiple deadlines and projects.
To apply, please send your resume and a cover letter
to: ResumesAZ03@mail.house.gov

MEM-139-23

The House Committee on Homeland Security Republican Staff is hiring for a
Professional Staff Member position supporting the Director of Investigations
and the Subcommittee on Oversight, Investigations, and Accountability.
The ideal candidate will have a strong interest in investigations and homeland
security issues.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staffing Subcommittee and some
Full Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and some Full
Committee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as well as with
Page 29 of 32

outside organizations, transcribed interviews, reviewing document productions,
research, and interacting with various congressional committee and personal
offices.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, attention to detail, desire to learn
how to conduct congressional oversight and investigations, be self-motivated,
work well under pressure, and possess strong research, written, and oral
communication skills. The ability to work both independently and as part of a
team are critical.
Prior Hill experience preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to Resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov with the subject line “<Applicant First and
Last Name> - OIA PSM.”
MEM-138-23

The House Committee on Homeland Security Republican Staff is hiring for a
Counsel position supporting the Director of Investigations and the Subcommittee
on Oversight, Investigations, and Accountability.
The ideal candidate will have at least three years of experience with a background
or strong interest in investigations. Experience in homeland security issues is a
plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staffing Subcommittee and some
Full Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and some Full
Committee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as well as with
outside organizations, depositions/ transcribed interviews, reviewing document
productions, research, managing external sources of information, and interacting
with various congressional committee and personal offices.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, superior attention to detail, be selfmotivated, work well under pressure, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. The ability to work both independently and as part of a
team are critical. JD required. Prior Hill experience preferred.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to Resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov with the subject line “<Applicant First and
Last Name> - OIA Counsel.”

MEM-137-23

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Oversight and Investigations
Subcommittee is seeking a mid- or senior-level Counsel to work on oversight
issues related to the Committee’s broad jurisdiction for the Committee’s
Democratic staff. Prior familiarity working for or with Congress and area(s) of
expertise under the Committee’s jurisdiction—including environment, energy,
health, telecommunications, or consumer protection—is required.
Page 30 of 32

Responsibilities include staffing congressional hearings; assisting in the
management of investigations of governmental and non-governmental entities;
conducting research, document review, and analysis; aiding in the drafting of
official letters, memoranda, and investigative reports; and helping to coordinate
with other subcommittees of the full Committee.
The successful candidate will be a detail-oriented and proactive self-starter with
strong communication and writing skills. A minimum of five years of work
experience is required. A J.D. is required, and experience within the areas of the
Committee’s jurisdiction may be equally relevant. Salary is commensurate with
experience.
People of color, veterans, women, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C OI Professional
Staff/Counsel.”
MEM-024-23

The Freshman Democrat from Hawai‘i is seeking a Scheduler with strong
judgment, communication skills, and attention to detail to build and oversee all
aspects of scheduling operations for the Member.
This position requires consistent and effective collaboration with all components
of the Member’s office. The Scheduler will work directly with the Chief of Staff,
District Chief, and other senior staff.
Primary duties include, but are not limited to:
•Building the Member’s daily and long-term schedule for DC and the district and
managing this system;
•Responding to all incoming scheduling requests;
•Booking and coordinating travel back to Hawai‘i and within Hawai‘i;
•Ensuring the Member, staff, and external stakeholders have key information
about the schedule;
•Compiling daily briefing materials for the Member and coordinating the
collection of information from staff and other sources;
•Supporting the team with special events and ad hoc projects; and
•Other duties as assigned.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual
orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse backgrounds, especially
Page 31 of 32

with ties to Hawai‘i, are encouraged to apply. Being able to serve as a secondary
driver when needed is preferred, but not required.
Salary will be commensurate with experience.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and references
to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

Page 32 of 32

