________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 20, 2021

MEM-587-21

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) seeks an organized and
highly motivated self-starter to serve as Staff Assistant in her Washington, DC
office. Responsibilities include logging phone calls, greeting visitors, managing
front office operations, handling tour and flag requests, assisting with drafting
constituent correspondence, overseeing the intern program, providing
administrative support to the team, and additional duties as assigned. This
position reports directly to the Chief of Staff.
Candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills, attention
to detail, an ability to work under pressure, and a strong commitment to public
service. Previous Capitol Hill experience and Delaware ties are a plus.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse
backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample
to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant Application” in the subject
line by Monday, December 27th. No walk-ins, emails, or phone calls please.

MEM-586-21

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Oversight and Investigations
Subcommittee is seeking a mid-level Professional Staff or Counsel to work on
Page 1 of 17

oversight issues related to the Committee’s broad jurisdiction for the
Committee’s Democratic staff. Prior familiarity working for or with Congress
and area(s) of expertise under the Committee’s jurisdiction—including
environment, energy, health care, public health, or consumer protection—is
required.
Responsibilities include staffing congressional hearings; assisting in the
management of investigations of governmental and non-governmental entities;
conducting research, document review, and analysis; aiding in the drafting of
official letters, memoranda, and investigative reports; and helping to coordinate
with other subcommittees of the full Committee.
The successful candidate will be a detail-oriented and proactive self-starter with
strong communication and writing skills. A minimum of five years of work
experience is required. An advanced degree is preferred but not required, as
experience within the areas of the Committee’s jurisdiction may be equally
relevant. Salary is commensurate with experience in the $80K–$90K range.
People of color, veterans, women, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C OI Professional
Staff/Counsel.”
MEM-585-21

The Chairwoman of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks a professional staff member for the Committee’s Environment
Subcommittee.
Duties include staffing hearings; preparing memos, statements, and speeches;
conducting outreach to stakeholder groups; drafting legislation; and conducting
oversight. Applicant should have familiarity and experience with environmental
policy issues. The Subcommittee jurisdiction includes environmental research
and standards; environmental research and development programs at the
Environmental Protection Agency; climate change research and development;
and activities and programs related to weather and weather services, climate,
satellites, and oceanic and atmospheric research at the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration.
Knowledge of the programs and activities within the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction
is desirable. Applicant should possess strong writing, organizational, and
communications skills, including the ability to articulate technical and policy
issues clearly and concisely; the ability to be responsive to and work with
Page 2 of 17

Members of the Committee; and the ability to meet tight deadlines. The ideal
candidate will have congressional and/or relevant government or industry
experience.
This is not an entry-level position and prior Hill experience is strongly preferred.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. We are
equal opportunity employers; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex,
color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual
orientation, or gender identity or expression. No calls or drop-ins please.
This position will close on January 7, 2021.
MEM-583-21

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Staff Assistant for her
Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include welcoming office visitors, answering telephone calls,
coordinating flag and tour requests, sorting and processing constituent
correspondence, and other administrative duties as assigned. The ideal candidate
will be detail-oriented, able to multi-task and have a positive attitude.
Connecticut ties are a plus, but not required. Minority candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Interested parties should email a cover letter, resume, writing sample and two
references in a single PDF to ct05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following
subject line: Full name – Staff Assistant. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-582-21

The U.S. House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs (Republican Staff) is looking to
hire a new Staff Assistant/ Full Committee Legislative Coordinator.
The front office Staff Assistant and Legislative Coordinator would report directly
to the Full Committee Deputy Staff Director and should have excellent oral and
communication skills, strong organizational skills, attention to detail, a positive
attitude and ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others, and a
sense of humor.
Qualified candidates please send résumés only to the following e-mail
address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “HVAC Republican Staff
Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins.
Your résumé will be reviewed to determine if you are among the most qualified
candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an
interview.

Page 3 of 17

MEM-578-21

Conservative Colorado member seeks Press Secretary to work under
Communications Director for fast-paced office with strong social media presence.
Skills in graphic design and digital media strongly preferred.
Email co04.resumes@gmail.com with a resume.

MEM-577-21

Conservative Colorado member seeks Deputy Chief/Counsel for judiciary
committee portfolio with an emphasis on tech and antitrust issues. Law degree
strongly preferred but not required. Comfort with a fast-paced, intense work
environment a must.
Email co04.resumes@gmail.com with a resume.

MEM-574-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Clerk/Special Assistant to the Staff Director to support the Chief Clerk and Staff
Director.
The candidate will be responsible for administrative tasks, including but not
limited to, processing oversight mail, scheduling staff director’s meetings,
managing the hearings calendar, managing hearing correspondence, co-leading
the transcript review process, preparing hearing invitations, tracking hearing
submissions, and documenting member and/or staff attendance.
The qualified candidate will be extremely organized, have editing skills, be
attentive to detail, be hardworking, innovative, and able to handle assigned tasks
in a demanding, fast-paced office. Ideal candidates will have a bachelor’s degree,
1-2 years of administrative experience, and congressional experience is preferred,
but not required.
To apply, applicants must submit a cover letter and resume
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Clerk/Special Assistant to the Staff
Director” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with education and
experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-571-21

Congressman Jimmy Gomez seeks a Field Representative, based in his Los
Angeles, CA office, to lead the grant program and cover a variety of issues
including criminal justice reform, foreign affairs, and other social policy issues.
Job responsibilities include representing the Member at public events, identifying
issues related to federal programs, managing correspondence and
acknowledgements from the office, organizing outreach events, meeting with
Page 4 of 17

constituent and community leaders, and serving as a liaison with federal, state,
and local agencies, committees, and interested parties.
A strong candidate for this position must be comfortable working with the public,
have excellent writing and time management skills, a willingness to collaborate in
a team, and show initiative in advancing the Congressman’s priorities. Applicant
should possess willingness to work flexible hours, including nights and
occasional weekends.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples in a
PDF format to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name _
Field Representative.” No calls or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-570-21

Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized and
professional individual for the position of Staff Assistant. The successful
applicant will be personable, organized, possess excellent communication and
time-management skills, the ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and
the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
This individual will help manage the intern program; including interviewing,
hiring, and assigning daily tasks. They will also be responsible for maintaining
the office’s task management system, tasking out memos to staff, and
occasionally driving the Congressman.
Additional daily responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail,
assisting with constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, and other
administrative duties supporting the Member and staff as needed.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter
to staffassistant.resume@gmail.com.

MEM-567-21

Congressman C.A. Dutch Ruppersberger, a Senior Member of the Appropriations
Committee, seeks an experienced Military Legislative Assistant (MLA) to join
our D.C.-based team.
This is not an entry-level position. Significant Capitol Hill experience is required,
with direct legislative expertise handling defense, national security, technology,
cybersecurity, and veterans’ affairs policy. Candidate should have a strong track
record of creating and translating policy priorities into successful legislative and
appropriations outcomes. Candidate should be coachable, responsive to feedback.
Candidate should also be able to work both autonomously and within a wellPage 5 of 17

established team. Communication is essential in this job. Travel to the district is
to be expected.
Candidate should have a good sense of humor, strong interpersonal skills and
ability to develop proactive relationships with relevant stakeholders. Candidate
will be expected to frequently brief the Member and demonstrate strong verbal
communication skills. Candidate will work directly with the Congressman, Chief
of Staff, and Legislative Director to advance the Congressman’s appropriations
and authorizing priorities.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin. Baltimore ties are a plus.
To apply send a resume, cover letter, policy memo, and three references
to walter.gonzales@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: [First Name
Last Name] – Military Legislative Assistant. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins,
please.
MEM-565-21

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic (Majority) Staff, is
seeking a detail-oriented and organized Assistant Clerk/Security Manager.
The incumbent will work with the Chief Clerk and Deputy Chief Clerk to
coordinate logistical aspects of hearings, markups, and Committee meetings.
Other responsibilities include managing the Legislative Calendar, hearing
documents, Committee archives, and the transcript review process. The
incumbent will serve as the Committee’s Security Manager and manage classified
and sensitive materials, briefings, hearings, meetings, etc.
Responsibilities also include managing security clearances for Members and
staff, managing the Committee SCIF, and coordinating as appropriate with the
House Security Office. Candidates must possess excellent attention to detail,
good written and verbal communication skills, and be able to handle multiple
projects simultaneously in a demanding work environment. A TS or TS/SCI
clearance, or the ability to obtain one, is required. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Interested candidates should e-mail a cover letter and resume
to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Assistant Clerk/Security Manager” in
the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the file name using
the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.

Page 6 of 17

MEM-561-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Economic and Consumer Policy, Democratic (Majority) Staff –
Counsel
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. The Subcommittee on Economic and
Consumer Policy conducts investigations, writes reports, and holds hearings on a
wide range of issues affecting consumers (e.g., marketing e-cigarettes to children;
the presence of lead and other toxic metals in baby food).
The ideal candidate will be a strong writer with prior investigative experience and
a demonstrated interest in consumer protection. Responsibilities include
developing ideas for investigations, drafting document requests, reviewing
documents, interviewing witnesses, writing reports, and preparing for hearings.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Economic and Consumer Policy” in the subject line. Please use the following
formats for file names: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.CoverLetter.”

MEM-559-21

Communications Director, Blue Dog Coalition
The Democratic Blue Dog Coalition is seeking an experienced communications
professional to serve as the communications director in the U.S. House of
Representatives.
This position serves as a shared staffer who advises the Coalition’s leadership on
communications and outreach efforts to maintain the Coalition’s longstanding
brand of dedication to fiscal responsibility, a strong national defense, and
pragmatic governance. This position works together with the Coalition’s
Executive Director and Policy Coordinator, as well as the Coalition’s Co-Chair
for Communications and Outreach and other Co-Chairs and their staff to develop
strategic positions on policy and legislative issues that fall under the Coalition’s
policy focus.
This position manages both the long-term strategic communications strategy and
day-to-day press for the Coalition, ranging from drafting statements on news of
the day, to responding to press inquiries and pitching stories, to managing the
Coalition’s social media accounts and website, to setting up press availability
opportunities (i.e. press conferences, press calls, or pen/pads), to developing and
executing a long-term communications plan.
In addition to managing the communications of the Coalition, this position also
serves as a resource to all Coalition Member offices to provide any
Page 7 of 17

communications counsel they may need. This position requires someone who is a
resourceful team player who can track frequently changing, complex policy and
legislative dynamics, understand the priorities and political calculus of
individual Blue Dog Members, and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
This is not an entry level position. Past communications experience in a House
frontline office or for a competitive House campaign is a strong plus. Previous
Capitol Hill experience is a plus.
The Blue Dog Coalition is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the bases of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
No calls or drop-ins, please.
Candidates should submit a cover letter (with salary requirements), resume, at
least two writing samples, all three in a PDF format, as attachments
to BlueDogResumes@gmail.com with the subject line “Communications
Director” by Friday, December 31.
REQUIRED SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE:
- At least three to four years of previous professional communications experience.
- Experience at a college student media organization and/or a bachelor’s degree in
journalism, public relations or another related field is a plus, but not required.
- Strong writing and editing skills as well as attention to detail. This person will
be
expected to draft talking points and other messaging materials, press releases,
newsletters, op-eds, letters, and other written material coming from the Coalition.
- Ability to work well under the pressure of tight deadlines while also managing
multiple
major projects and approval processes at once.
- Ability to work independently as well as in team environments.
- Ability to develop and maintain relationships with print, digital and broadcast
reporters.
- Existing relationships with members of the Capitol Hill press corps is a plus.
- Digital experience is a plus.
- A strong understanding of narrative and brand management.
- Ability to track news of the day and remain knowledgeable of issues the
Coalition’s
leadership may be expected to weigh in on publicly.
- Knowledge of legislative procedures.
- Ability to work amicably with a wide variety of personalities, to exercise
discretion, to
learn quickly, and to get the job done without needing to be reminded. This job
requires
someone with a diplomatic, cooperative personality.
Page 8 of 17

MEM-556-21

Director of Financial Disclosure (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an experienced government ethics attorney to serve as the Director of
Financial Disclosure for the Committee.
The Director will oversee the Committee’s Financial Disclosure Office and will
manage a nonpartisan staff of attorneys and other professionals. The Financial
Disclosure Office is responsible for reviewing and certifying financial statements;
providing legal advice on a high volume of financial disclosure issues; and
educating and training Members of Congress and their staff through frequent
telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess a minimum of 5 years of experience with government ethics, outstanding
analytical and written and oral communication skills, the ability to build
consensus, and the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is also desirable: ethics
counseling and training, accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation,
corporate finance, securities law, and familiarity with Congress and its unique
institutional prerogatives. Previous management experience preferred. The salary
range for this position is $161,700 to $172,500, with the possibility for
discretionary bonuses.
Please email resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Director of Financial” in
the subject line.

MEM-553-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Professional Staff – Labor position based in Washington, DC to provide
legislative analysis on a broad range of labor and employment policy.
Primary responsibilities include assisting the labor policy team in the formulation
of legislative initiatives, working with stakeholders, tracking legislation
developments, and responding to member staff.
The ideal candidate will have excellent writing, analytical, and interpersonal
skills, with a proven ability to prioritize, multi-task, and meet tight deadlines in a
rigorous environment. Knowledge of the legislative process, prior Hill experience
and relevant experience in labor policy is desirable. To apply, applicants must
submit a cover letter, resume, 2 writing samples (3-5 pages), and 3 professional
references.

Page 9 of 17

Please submit all materials to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Professional
Staff - Labor” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with education and
experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-552-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks an
experienced attorney for a Labor Policy Counsel position based in Washington,
DC to provide legal analysis on legislative issues.
Qualified candidates will have policy or legal experience related to employment
and labor law with a strong emphasis on knowledge of the National Labor
Relations Act, Fair Labor Standards Act, and Family and Medical Leave Act. In
addition, expertise with federal prevailing wage laws, child labor laws, guest
worker programs, workplace safety or federal workers’ compensation laws is
desirable.
Qualified applicants must have a J.D. with at least 3-5 years of experience in the
legal field, with a strong preference for previous executive branch experience
and/or relative legislative experience in labor policy. The candidate should also
possess a strong work ethic, should work well in a team, and should be
comfortable working in a fast-paced environment.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, 2 writing samples (5-10 pages), and 3
professional references. Please submit all materials
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Labor Policy Counsel” in the subject line.
Salary commensurate with education and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-551-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks an
experienced attorney for a Civil Rights Counsel – Labor and Health position
based in Washington, DC to provide legal analysis on legislative issues involving
civil rights, labor and health.
Qualified applicants must have a J.D. with at least 5+ years of experience in the
legal field, with a strong preference for previous executive branch experience
and/or relative legislative experience in labor and health policy. The candidate
must demonstrate a strong understanding of civil rights statutes, possess a strong

Page 10 of 17

work ethic, should work well in a team, and should be comfortable working in a
fast-paced environment.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, 2 writing samples (5-10 pages), and 3
professional references. Please submit all materials
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Civil Rights Counsel – Labor and Health” in
the subject line. Salary commensurate with education and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-550-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks an
experienced attorney for a Civil Rights Counsel – Education position based in
Washington, DC to provide legal analysis on legislative issues involving civil
rights and education.
Qualified applicants must have a J.D. with at least 5+ years of experience in the
legal field, with a strong preference for previous executive branch experience
and/or relative legislative experience in education policy. The candidate must
demonstrate a strong understanding of civil rights statues, possess a strong work
ethic, should work well in a team, and should be comfortable working in a fastpaced environment.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, 2 writing samples (5-10 pages), and 3
professional references. Please submit all materials
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Civil Rights Counsel – Education” in the
subject line. Salary commensurate with education and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-549-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks an
experienced attorney for an Oversight Counsel – Labor and Health position
based in Washington, DC to manage oversight and investigations on the labor
and health team.
Responsibilities include organizing oversight hearings, writing investigative
reports and executing a complementary legislative and oversight strategy with
positive results. Qualified applicants must have a J.D. and relevant policy
experience with at least 3-5 years of experience conducting investigations.
Experience in labor and health policy is not a requirement, however preferred.
Page 11 of 17

In addition, the applicant must have exceptional writing skills, strong attention to
detail, and the ability to juggle multiple projects. To apply, applicants must
submit a resume, a writing sample (5-10 pages), a writing sample describing an
investigation the applicant would like to pursue, and 3 professional references.
The second writing sample must include a hyperlink to a current news item from
any source (newspapers, blogs, or other websites) and two paragraphs detailing
why the Committee should investigate the issue presented and the steps the
applicant would take to begin an investigation.
Please submit all materials to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Oversight
Counsel – Labor and Health” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with
education and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-548-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks an
experienced attorney for an Oversight Counsel – Education position based in
Washington, DC to manage oversight and investigations on the education team.
Responsibilities include organizing oversight hearings, writing investigative
reports and executing a complementary legislative and oversight strategy with
positive results. Qualified applicants must have a J.D. and relevant policy
experience with at least 3-5 years of experience conducting investigations.
Experience in education policy is not a requirement, however preferred. In
addition, the applicant must have exceptional writing skills, strong attention to
detail, and the ability to juggle multiple projects.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, a writing sample (5-10 pages), a
writing sample describing an investigation the applicant would like to pursue, and
3 professional references. The second writing sample must include a hyperlink to
a current news item from any source (newspapers, blogs, or other websites) and
two paragraphs detailing why the Committee should investigate the issue
presented and the steps the applicant would take to begin an investigation.
Please submit all materials to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Oversight
Counsel - Education” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with education
and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.
Page 12 of 17

MEM-546-21

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines. A successful
candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the box about
various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or casework
experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-545-21

Congressman Ken Buck, the Ranking Member of House Antitrust Subcommittee
and Senior member of the Judiciary Committee seeks an experienced Chief
Counsel to oversee the Big Tech investigation.
Responsibilities include working with the Chief of Staff and Legislative Director
to develop legislative strategies and advance the Congressman’s priorities
through Judiciary Committee hearings and oversight; researching and writing
legal memoranda and briefs; conducting executive and judicial branch oversight
and investigations; developing and composing oversight letters; developing and
drafting legislation; working with communications staff; and meeting with
stakeholders.
Candidates must be exceptionally strong writers, detail-oriented, able to work
under tight deadlines, and able to handle multiple projects at once. Previous Hill
experience in strongly advised.
Please submit a resume to: co04.resumes@gmail.com
Page 13 of 17

MEM-544-21

Bay Area Democrat seeks a highly organized and dedicated scheduler for
Washington DC office. Scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's daily
and long-term schedule in DC and in the district. This individual will work
closely with the member, DC and district staff.
This person should be well-organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and able to
work effectively in a fast-paced office.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
invitations and scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the member; and
managing operational and logistical support for the office.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate should have prior
scheduling experience on the Hill or comparable work environment. Women,
LGBTQ+, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply, as well as candidates with California ties.
Please submit your resume, cover letter and two references
to CAHouseJob@mail.house.gov and include “Scheduler” in the subject line.

MEM-543-21

Congressman Jim Clyburn, Chairman of the House Select Subcommittee on the
Coronavirus Crisis, seeks a Digital Director/Press Secretary to lead the
Majority staff’s digital strategy and support all aspects of the committee’s press
operations.
The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in graphic design and
developing social media content, as well as impeccable writing skills and
experience drafting and editing press releases, op-eds, and talking points.
Responsibilities include developing all social media content and actively
managing the committee’s social media platforms and website; developing
graphical content for committee reports and visual aids for hearings and other
events; video filming and editing and photography; and working with the house
recording studio to manage livestreams for hearings and other events. Additional
responsibilities including working with the Communications Director to draft
press releases and other materials, compiling and maintaining press lists,
responding to media inquiries, and coordinating interviews and press events.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. The successful candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well
under pressure, be self-motivated and willing to be responsive outside of normal
business hours, and enjoy working on a team. Several years of congressional or
other political experience are preferred.

Page 14 of 17

Please send a resume, cover letter, digital portfolio and one short writing sample
to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with “Digital Director/Press Secretary” in the
subject line.
MEM-542-21

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a high-energy, highly-organized,
and detail-oriented District Staff Member for his offices in Western Maryland.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
●Staffer will work out of the Hagerstown and Cumberland District Offices.
●Serve as the official representative for the Member in the Western Maryland
community.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships for
the Member.
●Monitor and update the Member and District Director on local issues of
importance.
●Staff and provide logistical support for district meetings and events for the
Member.
●Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
●Answer correspondence and verbal communications with constituents in a
timely manner.
●Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
●Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
●Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
●Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
●Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
●Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
●Strong oral and written communication skills.
●Thorough knowledge of the legislative process.
●Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
●Maryland ties are a plus.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to md06.jobs@gmail.com with
“District Staff” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins.

MEM-539-21

Nevada’s 4th District Democratic Member of Congress seeks a highly organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for a position in our North Las Vegas,
Nevada District office. Candidates must be comfortable working with the public,
have excellent oral and written communication skills, problem solving abilities.
Page 15 of 17

Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests, answering
phones, conducting tours, overseeing an active mail program;
•Sorting/batching correspondence, drafting correspondence and ensuring a swift
turnaround time;
•Responding to constituent mail, keeping abreast of legislative developments, and
meeting with constituent groups;
•Assisting District Representatives as needed, and
•Perform all other duties as assigned and required
The ideal candidate will be/must have:
•Passionate about public service and committed to democratic values;
•Strong writing, communication skills and be detail-oriented;
•Have advanced experience with spreadsheets and forms,
•A poised, confident, self-starter, and team-player with a sense of humor; and
•The ability to work in a high-paced environment.
•The ability work weekends and holidays
•Have reliable transportation, auto insurance and a clean driving record
•Currently enrolled in an ungraduated degree program at a college or university
or have a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in the related fields of human services
or social work, and a minimum of one-year relevant experience in community or
human services.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Spanish language skills and District ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, one writing sample and
three professional references in a single PDF file. Email submissions to the
Director of Administration, nv04resume@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-DSA-2 __last name, First name".
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Page 16 of 17

Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 17 of 17

