 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-411-18
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 12, 2018
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Ranking Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of investigative or litigation experience. Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self- motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject line. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
Congressman Roger Marshall, M.D. (KS-01) seeks an experienced, results- oriented Health Policy Advisor to work on health policy. This is not an entry level position. Expertise in health care pricing, transparency, and insurance markets preferred. Responsibilities include staffing congressional hearings, work with health-related federal agencies, conducting policy research, drafting health care legislation, and coalition building. Successful candidate
 MEM-410-18
Page 1 of 5

 MEM-405-18
will be detail-oriented, possess strong strategic thinking skills and have the ability to identify and prioritize opportunities to influence health care policy. Minimum of four years professional experience in health policy required. Please send resume, cover letter, and at least two professional references. Use subject in email “Health Policy Advisor” to Dalton.henry@mail.house.gov.
House Small Business Committee Democrats seek an Economic Policy Staffer to manage a broad policy portfolio including, tax, health, retirement, and other economic issues. Core responsibilities include developing and advancing legislation, planning events on key policy priorities, coordinating hearings, staffing Member, and drafting reports. Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill, federal agency, private sector or policy think tank experience is preferred. An advanced degree is a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.
The House Small Business Committee (Democratic staff) seeks a staffer to work on issues related to small business technology, telecommunications, and trade policy. Candidate must be an outstanding writer, have a demonstrated capacity to generate new ideas, and the proven ability to analyze legislation. This is not an entry level position. A graduate degree is strongly preferred. Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill, federal agency, private sector or policy think tank experience is preferred. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.
House Small Business Committee (Democratic Staff) is looking for a proactive, experienced Oversight and Regulatory Counsel. Responsibilities include planning and conducting congressional oversight and advising in policy matters related to oversight of issues within the committee’s jurisdiction. Additional duties include reviewing and monitoring regulatory issues across the federal government as it pertains to small businesses and drafting comments and official correspondence as necessary. Candidates must possess relevant legal experience, excellent research and writing skills, and strong analytical and communication skills. Must also be a team player and able to work well under pressure and with quick deadlines. Experience with congressional oversight and regulations preferred; Hill experience is a plus. J.D. is required; please no recent graduates. This is not an entry level position. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.
The House Committee on Small Business (Democratic staff) seeks a Policy Director to assist in the daily operations and management of policy staff and assist in coordinating committee activities, such as hearings and roundtables.
 MEM-404-18
 MEM-403-18
 MEM-402-18
Page 2 of 5

 MEM-394-18
This position involves day-to-day management responsibilities and requires significant management experience. Candidate must be an outstanding writer, have a demonstrated capacity to generate new ideas, the proven ability to work under pressure and tight deadlines, and sound judgment necessary to evaluate matters that arise before the committee. Only candidates with experience and a comprehensive knowledge in the substantive policy areas within the Committee’s jurisdiction will be considered. This is not an entry level position. Previous hill experience is required and an advanced degree is a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.
Republican Congressman seeks Staff Assistant to manage day-to-day office operations, process flag and tour requests, and act as primary front office staff. Duties will include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, overseeing internship program, and ordering office supplies. Successful candidates must be professional and friendly, demonstrate ability to quickly address and solve problems, possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail, and be able to work quickly in a fast-paced environment. Please send resume and cover letter to gopwesternjob@gmail.com. No walk ins or phone calls.
Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active and visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework distribution; answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings, condolences and congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities may also include casework assignments if the District Director finds that the staff assistant can take on such work while paying the required attention to his/her already assigned tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting, training, scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills. Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to D.C., if hired.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov .
 MEM-388-18
 Page 3 of 5

MEM-379-18
MEM-375-18
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a Senior Legislative Aide with a minimum of three years of Hill experience. This is not an entry level position. Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Advanced degree a plus. Spanish ability a plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use title on your email: Senior LA Position. No drop-ins please. Texas ties are a plus though not necessary.
“Southern Republican Congressman is seeking a Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent to join a fast-paced, hardworking team. The ideal candidate will be detail oriented, well organized and must have exceptional interpersonal skills and excellent oral and written communication skills. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to answering constituent phone calls, greeting visitors, leading Capitol tours and assisting the staff by performing various tasks. This position requires an ability to multi-task, prioritize duties, and perform under pressure – all with a keen attention to detail. A car and Tennessee ties are required. Please send resumes to tngopapplications@gmail.com. Phone calls and drop-ins not accepted.”
The office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson seeks a Legislative Director in her Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include developing and implementing the Member’s legislative priorities, advising her on various issues, and managing the legislative agenda. A well matched candidate will have substantive legislative experience, strong academic credentials and proven leadership and organizational skills. Moreover, the candidate should possess excellent oral and written communication skills, strong editing and proofreading skills, the ability to work well under pressure, an extensive knowledge of the legislative process, and the availability to work long hours.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill experience and proven knowledge of legislative and political processes will be considered. Law degree, previous capitol hill experience in a leadership position and Florida ties are strongly preferred. To apply, please submit cover letter and resume in one single pdf to FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Director” in the subject line by October 31, 2018.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
  MEM-371-18
 Page 4 of 5

         Page 5 of 5
