 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-437-19
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 9, 2019
The Office of Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA34) seeks an organized, passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant and Driver for the Washington DC office. Responsibilities include: managing the front office, coordinating tour and flag requests, managing DC internship program, driving the Congressman to and from events, and providing additional office support as needed. While this is an entry-level position, candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills, great attention to detail, strong time management skills, and an ability to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines. A valid driver’s license, daily access to an automobile and a good driving record are a necessity.
Please send resume and two writing samples to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please. Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.
The Office of Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA34) seeks an organized, passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for the Los Angeles office. Responsibilities include: managing the front office, coordinating tour and flag requests, managing LA internship program, and providing additional office support as needed. While this is an entry-level position, candidates should
 MEM-436-19
Page 1 of 12

 MEM-435-19
have excellent oral and written communication skills, great attention to detail, strong time management skills, and an ability to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines.
Please send resume and two writing samples to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please. Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.
LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Co-Chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover her work on the House Judiciary Committee, including immigration, constitutional issues, criminal justice, and civil rights and civil liberties. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of immigration policy. This is not an entry level position. Candidates with graduate training in law, public policy, or social science are preferred.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color, new Americans, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
The House Rules Committee Majority is looking for a talented, creative, and motivated Social Media Manager to join a proactive communications team. Responsibilities include crafting social media posts; designing graphics, GIFs, videos, and other web content; monitoring the committee’s digital channels; updating the website; and compiling daily press clips.
Candidates will ideally have at least 1 year of digital experience, preferably on a campaign or on Capitol Hill, as well as excellent writing and organizational skills and the ability to work under tight deadlines. Experience designing graphics and editing photos and video is required. Fluency in Adobe Creative Suite is preferred.
Must be comfortable working collaboratively to execute a broad communications strategy. This position reports to the Communications Director. The office is an equal opportunity employer and diverse candidates,
 MEM-429-19
Page 2 of 12

  MEM-428-19
those with untraditional backgrounds, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, writing sample, and three social content/graphic design samples to DemRules.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Social Media Manager” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-bys, please.
Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com Position Available: Senior Staff Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills, highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer. Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject line.
Investigator (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an experienced investigative professional for an investigator position. The Committee’s investigator is responsible for assisting the Committee in all aspects of its investigative work, including researching and reviewing public data sources, forensic research, document review, data collection and analysis, preparing for and participating in witness interviews, and drafting and editing Committee documents.
This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to assist with impartial investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding organizational, research, and analytical skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics, criminal law, civil litigation, administrative investigations and adjudications, depositions, or financial accounting. Experience with document review/management platforms and/or online research services (Lexis/Nexis, Westlaw, CLEAR) also preferred.
Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigator” in the subject line.
  MEM-426-19
 Page 3 of 12

MEM-425-19
Midwest Republican Member is seeking an experienced Communications Director to implement a strategic media plan in a fast-paced and results- driven environment. Candidates should have experience with the various media tools available, including: social media, video creation, website, e- newsletters and surveys, talking points/speechwriting, press releases, on-the- record experience and interview prep, and op-ed preparation.
This is not an entry level position. Qualified applicants should send submit their resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to communicationsdirectoropening@gmail.com
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an experienced, creative and highly motivated Communications Director to serve on the Congresswoman’s senior team.
The Communications Director will:
• Serve as the primary spokesperson for the Congresswoman;
• Develop and maintain strong relationships with reporters, editors, producers, bookers and social media influencers;
• Proactively engage in media outreach, including pitching and fielding press inquiries;
• Manage the development of press releases, speeches and op-eds;
• Oversee an ambitious digital communications program;
• Supervise a Press Secretary and Digital Strategist;
• Prepare and staff the Congresswoman for press events and interviews; and
• Work collaboratively with the District Office to ensure strong local media engagement.
The ideal candidate will be a strong writer and seasoned manager who can think strategically, work collaboratively, and manage an ambitious communications program in a fast-paced setting under tight deadlines. This is a senior position, and will be compensated accordingly.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, three writing samples (including one speech) and three references.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff (majority) seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized staff assistant for fast- paced committee office.
 MEM-423-19
 MEM-422-19
Page 4 of 12

 MEM-419-19
Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front office such as receptionist duties, answering phones, greeting visitors, ensuring that office and meeting rooms are kept in order; supporting staff in preparations for committee events such as hearings, markups, meetings, and events; delivering documents and obtaining signatures on letters; training and supervising interns; handling and sorting incoming mail, maintaining both digital and paper records and files, maintaining office supplies and mastering basic equipment operations; assisting other staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and other duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, attention to detail, professionalism, superior time management skills, and an ability to work collaboratively. Hill experience preferred but not required. Please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov
Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks a bilingual English/Spanish speaker who is an energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work. Importantly, constituent services staff also assist with neighborhood events and visits community groups in the district.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems of constituents and in handling multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure federal agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds promptly to constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be able to communicate fluently in Spanish and English, work independently, and think outside the box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or casework experience is helpful. The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov
Senior Democratic Member seeks Policy Advisor to serve in personal office and on Committee staff. Position will develop and implement legislative initiatives, conduct oversight and investigations, write floor speeches and
 MEM-419-19
Page 5 of 12

 MEM-412-19
committee statements, and handle meetings with constituents and interest groups on behalf of Member.
Portfolio will include financial services, housing, education, small business and tax issues. Prior Hill experience is strongly preferred. Law degree is strongly preferred but will consider other advanced degrees with significant Hill experience.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume with the words “Policy Advisor” in the subject line to job_09@live.com. Please paste your cover letter in the body of the email – do not send letter as an attachment.
California office seeks an energetic and organized Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent to join the Washington, DC office.
The position is responsible for answering constituent mail and e-mail and will coordinate with legislative staff to prepare responses. The staffer will organize and sort all incoming constituent inquiries and will ensure that outgoing responses are sent in a timely manner. This position also monitors all incoming correspondence, analyzes trends, and reports findings to senior staff and the Member.
Additional responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering the telephone, responding to constituent requests for general information, and handling other inquiries. This position also assists with miscellaneous administrative and legislative duties at the request of staff or the Member.
Any interested candidate must be an excellent writer, have a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, be detail-oriented, able to manage multiple and competing tasks, have excellent organizational and proofreading skills, an affinity for multi-tasking, and a good sense of humor.
California ties, Capitol Hill experience, Spanish language fluency, and experience using Intranet Quorum (IQ) are strongly preferred, but not required. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
If interested, please email a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and references to CAJobs@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent” in the subject line. Salary will be commensurate with experience.
Southern California Member of Congress seeks an experienced Office Manager and Scheduling Assistant to be based out of the district office. The Office Manager & Scheduling Assistant will assist the District Director with tracking office expenses, certificate requests, canopy requests, and Congressional Record statement requests.
 MEM-402-19
Page 6 of 12

 MEM-400-19
The position will also work closely with the DC Scheduler to respond to scheduling requests and invitations, maintain the district requests list, and gather the necessary logistical details for events in the district. This person will also staff the Congressmember at events and will be required to take photos and videos as well.
The position also entails working with the district staff to plan various events and constituent engagement opportunities throughout the district and around the Congresswoman’s goals, such as health care, climate change and the environment. This person will help the District Director and Scheduler to develop a long- term, local scheduling plan, will work with the district staff to target priority communities, and will balance the Congresswoman’s public appearances in each area of the district and with key constituencies. This position will also oversee the office’s event planning checklist, and assist with the franked mail program.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter, including salary requirements, to
Resume.Inbox7@mail.house.gov
Congresswoman Marcia L. Fudge seeks a Staff Assistant for her flagship office in Warrensville Heights, OH. The successful candidate will work well under tight deadlines, is organized, hard-working, detail oriented, has excellent customer service skills and is a team player. greets visitors, answers the telephone and constituent requests for general information and other inquiries, assists the District Director & Scheduler as needed, and drafts all proclamations, letters of congratulations, etc. In addition, responsibilities include taking photos at official events, and assisting with other administrative and casework duties as assigned.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Answers and screens telephone calls for the Member and staff, taking messages when appropriate;
•Greets and screens visitors;
•Receives and handles all requests for proclamations, congratulatory letters, etc.;
•Assists persons who have appointments with the Member or staff, and works closely with the Scheduler/Office Manager to ensure the smooth coordination of the Member’s appointments;
•Assists with the processing of constituent mail;
•Responds to constituent requests for information;
•Receives deliveries and distributes them as appropriate in a timely manner; •Ensures that requests for assistance are timely directed to appropriate staff; •Documents visitor opinions on issues communicated via telephone, including full name, address, and all appropriate, relevant information;
•Performs general administrative assignments;
•Manages the transmission, receipt and distribution of faxes;;
 Page 7 of 12

   MEM-398-19
•Answers constituent letters, as directed;
•Provides information on and generates ideas for press, new media, mass mailings, and newsletters; and
•Performs special projects assigned by the Congresswoman, Chief of Staff or District Director.
The successful candidate will:
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff and constituents;
•Communicate with diverse personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner;
•Be able to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Work well under pressure and handle stress in a productive way;
•Be available to work long hours, nights, and weekends as may be needed; and
•Perform other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
•Bachelor’s Degree
•Prior Congressional staff assistant or intern experience preferred, but not required
REQUIRED SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE:
•Ability to use digital work center, computers, telephones and other office equipment;
•Excellent organizational skills;
•Strong ability to organize and prioritize tasks;
•Excellent writing and proofreading/editing skills;
•Professional telephone etiquette;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
•Knowledge of office computer applications; and
•Proficiency in use of most recently revised Microsoft Office Suite applications and new media technology.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment and noise levels are usually moderate; and
•Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy is required.
Familiarity with the state of Ohio, and the 11th Congressional District is preferred but not required. Interested applicants must submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to Clifton.Williams@mail.house.gov, including “OH11 Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
The Office of Congresswoman Marcia L. Fudge (OH-11) seeks a hardworking, people-oriented, and highly organized Caseworker/Field
Page 8 of 12

 MEM-397-19
Representative to join her staff. The position is located in Warrensville Heights OH, but serves the entire Congressional District.
The successful candidate will provide relevant service to constituents and often represent the Congresswoman within his or her portfolio areas of responsibility.
Essential job functions include but are not limited to: establishing and maintaining relationships with local organizations, business and community leaders on behalf of the Congresswoman; monitoring district and local issues; acting as liaison to federal agencies; handling casework; managing special projects; and assisting with events and other activities as assigned. Since travel throughout the district is required, the successful candidate must have a valid driver’s license, reliable transportation and appropriate automobile insurance.
The ideal candidate will also have:
•excellent verbal and written communications skills;
•exceptional organizational skills;
•the ability to work well in a fast-paced, sometimes high stress environment; •the desire and ability to work within and add value to a cross-functional team;
•the ability to adapt and be flexible; and
•the ability to anticipate problems, take initiative, and offer solutions.
Familiarity with the state of Ohio, and the 11th Congressional District is preferred. Interested applicants must submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to Clifton.Williams@mail.house.gov, including “OH11 Caseworker/Field Rep” in the subject line.
The Office of Congresswoman Marcia L. Fudge seeks a Part Time Staff Assistant for her Summit County office located in Akron, Ohio. The successful candidate will be a well-organized, proactive professional who interacts well with the public, follows instructions, performs well under pressure and maturely contributes as an effective team member. The salary will be based on experience.
Tour of Duty:
Work Hours: 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
Days of Work: Monday through Friday
Required Skills:
•Strong interpersonal skills
•Effective and professional phone etiquette •Attention to detail
Page 9 of 12

  MEM-395-19
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite
•Ability to complete tasks efficiently and thoroughly and meet deadlines •Strong writing skills
•Online research skills
•Highly motivated and able to take initiative
•Ability to work with a cross-functional team
Duties:
•Greet visitors, answer telephones, field inquiries from constituents •Light scheduling for the Outreach Coordinator
•Review and distribute correspondence, as needed
•Inventory control
•Other duties as assigned
Application Process:
Send cover letter, resume and writing sample to Clifton Williams at Clifton.Williams@mail.house.gov and Joan Williams at Joan.Williams@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or telephone calls please.
North Bay legislative office seeking District Scheduler/Office Manager: Responsibilities include coordinating the legislator’s California schedule by making travel and meeting arrangements while anticipating and responding to day-to-day developments; serving as the office's primary point of contact for constituents, elected officials, and nonprofit and advocacy organizations seeking meetings in the district; coordinating with staff (including field, legislative, press, and campaign) to identify schedule priorities, and then working proactively to make short- and long-term decisions to implement plans; working directly with the district director, the legislator, and his family, on logistics for work, travel, and personal matters.
Also responsible for assisting the Capitol office and District Director on maintaining financial and expense records, and with various administrative duties. Opportunities for additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and abilities. A successful candidate will be highly organized, detail oriented, possess strong writing skills, have experience working in a fast-paced office, and the ability to maintain a professional, flexible, and cheerful demeanor while managing multiple and competing tasks and projects.
Please send cover letter and resume to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the subject like “CA02 District Scheduler/Office Manager.”
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks an active and reliable Digital Press Secretary. Responsibilities include managing the website, crafting content for social media channels, developing graphics and videos, covering hearings and press events, and working with our press team to identify new ways to engage our followers.
 MEM-394-19
Page 10 of 12

 MEM-390-19
Successful candidates will have at least 1 to 2 years of communications and digital experience. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. Ideal candidates will be proficient in Adobe programs (Photoshop, Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro, Audition, and After Effects), CMS, CSS, HTML, manual photography, analytics, and enjoy working in a fast-paced, rapid response environment.
Candidates should submit a resume and portfolio with the subject line “Digital Press Secretary” to Oversightpress@mail.house.gov. Please, no phone calls or drop-ins.
District Field Representative. The district office of Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks a hard-working, organized individual for positions available in Long Branch and New Brunswick. These positions entail community outreach, constituent case work, and staffing and driving the Congressman. Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials, representing the Congressman at community and governmental events, special projects, as well as general office work.
Candidates should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and must enjoy working with the public. We are seeking a dedicated, hard- working, team player. Prior experience in government, the non-profit sector, community and grassroots organizing is preferred.
To apply for this position, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and references by email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov. Valid driver’s license is required. No telephone calls or drop ins, please.
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and self-motivated legislative counsel to join our Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative counsel will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
 MEM-252-19
Page 11 of 12

To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative counsel applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
 Page 12 of 12
