 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-141-18
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 21, 2018
Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active and visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework distribution; answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings, condolences and congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities may also include casework assignments if the District Director finds that the staff assistant can take on such work while paying the required attention to his/her already assigned tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting, training, scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills. Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to D.C., if hired.
Page 1 of 7

 MEM-140-18
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Ted Lieu has an immediate opening for a Staff Assistant in his Los Angeles District Office. Primary responsibilities include answering phones, maintaining the front office, assisting with various administrative and legislative duties and aiding constituents with federal casework. The Staff Assistant will greet constituents, ensures that constituent requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member in a timely manner and will assist district staff to ensure the proper execution of events and programs in the district.
The successful applicant must have a positive attitude and the ability to work and set priorities in a fast-paced and challenging environment. Strong writing and verbal communications skills are essential. A valid California Driver License and automobile are required. Bilingual skills are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal benefits. Congressman Lieu’s primary district office is located in Central Los Angeles.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples no later than May 29, 2018 to:
NICOLAS RODRIQUEZ District Director
Congressman Ted Lieu (CA-33) 5055 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 310 Los Angeles, CA 90036 Lieu.Staff@mail.house.gov
Senior Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior Legislative Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the Financial Services Committee and other issues. Candidates should have substantial experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply, please e-mail a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to financeservicesla@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Member of Democratic Leadership Seeks Exceptional Press Assistant/Digital Director
 MEM-139-18
 MEM-138-18
Page 2 of 7

    MEM-136-18
CEC-002-18
Candidates must be meticulous, measured and savvy enough to excel in a fast- paced press operation. Must have prior experience in a political office or public relations agency. Campaign experience is a plus.
Required
• Remarkable video editing skills (should know Photoshop, Illustrator, Gimp or Canva)
• Strong storytelling ability
• Superior research skills
• Ability to write with exceptional grammar and syntax
Duties
• Compiling daily clips and briefing materials
• Assisting with drafting press releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds,
speeches and other materials
• Building out and managing press lists
• Creating compelling social media content (videos, graphics)
• Maintaining the office’s website social media pages
• Creating/editing issue-specific videos
• Monitoring the Congressman’s presence and interactions on social
media, keeping press staff up-to-date on trends and important
conversations happening online
• Taking photos/video at events and assisting with the production of
livestreamed events Contact
Please submit your resume, one writing sample and one digital sample to newyork08resumes@gmail.com with “Press Assistant/Digital Director” in the subject line.
digitalresumes123@gmail.com.
The Office of the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) provides operations support services and business solutions to the community of 10,000 House Members, Officers and staff. The CAO organization comprises more than 650 technical and administrative staff working in a variety of areas, including information technology, finance, budget management, human resources, payroll, child care, food and vending, procurement, logistics and administrative counsel.
Senior Hill Republican seeks enthusiastic, entrepreneurial digital strategist.
 Ideal candidate is proficient in graphic design, photography, videography,
 video editing, and use of social media. Please send resumes/portfolios
 to
   Page 3 of 7

The Customer Advocate creates positive, long-term, relationships with Customers through proactive outreach, and effective marketing of CAO and House solutions. The incumbent works under the direction of the Customer Experience Center management team and delivers on a consultative customer experience through effective performance of the CAO-wide customer service standards. Conducts regular outreach visits to educate customers on CAO and House solutions and focuses on consultative interactions with Customers to anticipate immediate and future service and product needs. Actively liaison with both the Customer and internal CAO staff and provide in-depth support and guidance to facilitate effective workflow and objectives, ensuring our solutions positively impact customer experience. Identify and analyze all incoming work requests to provide continual and proactive areas for improvement or enhancement of service delivery. Monitor customer satisfaction metrics. Work with the Communications and Marketing team to market CAO services to Customer and promote the CAO brand. Works with Customer Experience Center management team to change the organizational culture to one that is customer-centric. Participates in the development and implementation of strategic objectives, projects and initiatives. Works to help improve organizational triage, knowledge management, collaboration, and consistency throughout the CAO. Participate in Customer advisory boards, briefings, and special meetings to bring customer-centric knowledge, data, and recommendations to CAO teams tasked with improving customer experience. Inform Customer Experience Center management of any recommended or required changes to services, processes, or
experience. Assist with complex customer requests to either satisfy the request or determine the proper workflow routing for the work request. Partner with other CAO departments to coordinate comprehensive efforts to meet Customer needs and follow-up with Customers and teammates to ensure effective resolution of Customer requests. Proactively monitor all CAO work requests related to assigned Customers with a view towards proactive escalation of requests as needed to ensure timely and satisfactory results. Work with other CAO service delivery teams to ensure net positive results on customer experience.
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience preferred. Minimum five years experience in a consultative, customer service environment. Excellent customer service, communication, and interpersonal skills required. Proven experience to develop effective relationships with internal and external solutions delivery partners to achieve strategic and customer solution goals. Knowledge and understanding of CAO solutions and all relevant House Rules, Committee, and CAO policies and procedures. Knowledge and understanding of the legislative environment, U.S. House of Representatives, and the operations thereof, preferred. Experience working in a House Office highly preferred. Frequent, physical visits to House Offices are required. Must be able to meet minimum physical requirements including a moderate amount of walking across the House campus. Must be able to maintain
Page 4 of 7

  MEM-134-18
availability and accessibility while spending large periods of time away from assigned workspace. Ability to assess, measure, and analyze organizational performance in a complex change-driven environment. Understands the role and importance of metrics and organizational change. Ability to learn quickly in a fast-paced, change-driven, customer-centric environment. Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite preferred.
Qualified candidates please submit your resume online here:
https://www.house.gov/employment/positions-with-other-house- organizations/5075 by clicking the "Apply for This Job" button. If you are unable to submit your resume online, please fax a cover letter and resume (reference announcement CEC-002-18) to 202-226-7514.
Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Office of Advice and Education. The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are responsible for providing a high volume of ethics advice, education, and training to Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics; ethics counseling and training; corporate finance; securities law; employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; and criminal law. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the subject line.
California Congressman and Member on the Education and Workforce Committee seeks Legislative Assistant to handle education policy along with a diverse portfolio of issues. Candidates should have excellent research, writing, and communication skills. Duties include identifying and advancing policy proposals, committee hearing and mark-up preparation, meetings with stakeholders, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Successful candidates should possess strong interpersonal skills and a willingness to work in a team environment. This is not an entry level position and prior legislative experience on Capitol Hill is preferred. Office is an equal opportunity employer.
Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample to CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.
Congresswoman Debbie Dingell, MI-12, is seeking an experienced and proactive Communications Director to lead media and outreach efforts in
 MEM-132-18
 MEM-131-18
Page 5 of 7

  MEM-130-18
her Washington, DC office. The Communications Director will oversee the planning and implementation of overall media strategy and manage the day- to-day communications operation. Responsibilities include but are not limited to working with local and national reporters, proactively engaging in media outreach, managing online communications and writing press releases, speeches and op-eds. The Communications Director will work collaboratively with legislative and district staff and closely with the Member and must possess strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced setting.
This is a very senior level position, and a minimum of two years of communications experience as a press secretary or communications director is required. Qualified candidates may send their resume, cover letter and two writing samples to MI12.CommsDirector@mail.house.gov. Applications must be received by COB on Friday, May 4.
Senior Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior Legislative Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the Financial Services Committee and other issues. Candidates should have substantial experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply, please e-mail a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to financeservicesla@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
New York, Long Island House Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant for Washington, DC office. Duties will include managing front office operations, acting as tour coordinator, managing internship program, special event & meeting coordination, managing tracking systems for legislative and correspondence, and acting as the office’s technological point person. Candidates should have excellent communication skills, work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment, and be a team player. Multi-tasking, enthusiasm, good sense of humor, and keen attention to detail are necessities. Long Island/New York City ties are preferred. Please send resume and cover letter to NY03.resumes@gmail.com.
Senior Democratic House member and Committee Ranking Member seeks Legislative Director. Primary responsibilities include developing policy and legislative initiatives and advising Member on all legislative issues. Position will manage long-term and short-term legislative planning; monitor legislative activity on the House floor; supervise all legislative staff in the personal office; ensure effective coordination between the personal office and committee office; and assist with hearing preparation as needed. The successful candidate will be a results-oriented problem solver with experience supervising staff and a proven track record of developing and advancing
 MEM-129-18
 MEM-128-18
Page 6 of 7

legislation. Excellent oral and written communication skills, time- management skills, and the ability to quickly analyze and summarize complex legislative details are essential. Graduate degree and extensive experience on Capitol Hill are required. To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Legislative Director” in the subject line to
job_09@live.com. Please paste the cover letter and resume directly in the body of the email.
 Page 7 of 7
