   MEM-150-14
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 24, 2014
Senior, Progressive, Democratic Member has an opening for a paid Legislative Fellow to assist the legislative staff with education, women, tax, immigration, and veterans’ issues. This is not an entry-level opportunity.
Ideal candidates are strong writers, with the ability to learn quickly, multi-task, and work independently in a fluid environment. In particular, applicants with great interpersonal skills and good humor are welcome. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Please email a cover letter and resume to
leg.job@mail.house.gov. Applicants should be available to begin work immediately; no phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins, please.
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Tex) Seeks Press Secretary; Hill experience, Spanish, a plus. Send cover letter, CV, and three references to: Intern7DC.TX35@mail.house.gov
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
  MEM-149-14
 Page 1 of 2

MEM-148-14
Congresswoman Renee Ellmers seeks Caseworker/Field Representative for District Office in North Carolina. Applicants must be motivated to serve the 2nd Congressional District of North Carolina and possess a strong work ethic. The Caseworker/Field Representative monitors and updates the Congressman and District Office staff on district and local issues. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for the Congresswoman and constituents and answers casework correspondence and verbal communications with constituents. Duties also include answering phones and assisting walk-in constituents. Proficiency in Microsoft Office is required, ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects. Experience with, and understanding of U.S. Military and Department of Veterans Affairs structure, the procedures, and policies is preferred. Submit cover letter and resume to Pat.Fitzgerald@mail.house.gov.
 Page 2 of 2
