    MEM-320-14
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 8, 2014
Ohio Congresswoman seeks a Scheduler/Office Manager to serve in her Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include handling all non-District Office scheduling requests, managing and developing the Congresswoman’s daily schedule in concert with the District Office Scheduler/Office Manager, coordinating the Congresswoman’s official travel arrangements, drafting personal correspondence, ensuring follow up between the Congresswoman and the staff in the D.C. and District offices, tracking and managing inventory, intermittent supervision of interns, assisting with administrative personnel functions, and various additional administrative duties.
Ideal candidates must be highly-organized, detail oriented, good-natured, and able to problem-solve in a fast-paced work environment. A sense of humor and teaming spirit is a must! Previous Capitol Hill scheduling experience is strongly preferred. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Interested and qualified candidates should email cover letter, resume and one writing sample to oh11resumes@mail.house.gov no later than 5:00 p.m., Wednesday, September 17, 2014. Candidates will be reviewed as resumes are
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
 Page 1 of 3

MEM-319-14
MEM-318-14
received. Subject line should read: D.C. Scheduler/Office Manager. No phone calls, emails, faxes or walk-ins.
COUNSEL. The Republican staff of the Committee on House Administration seeks an entry-to-mid level counsel. The counsel will assist the senior counsel with parliamentary and legislative matters under the Committee’s jurisdiction including election and campaign finance legislation, contested elections, and administrative legal issues. Please email resume, cover letter and short writing sample to chajobs@mail.house.gov and include “Counsel” in the subject line.
Legislative Assistant: Texas Democrat seeks a hard-working and experienced legislative staffer to handle various legislative areas. A bachelor’s degree with at least 4 years of legislative experience on the Hill is required. Potential candidates should have excellent writing and verbal skills coupled with some knowledge of social media. The ideal candidate will have experience working under pressure, working as part of a team, a sense of humor and the ability to work flexible hours. Experience with iConstituent is a plus, but not required. Please send cover letter, resume and a writing sample to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
Analyst for Democratic Staff of Congressional Committee - Congressional committee seeks experienced analyst for health policy portfolio. The job requires strong skills in written and oral communication, policy analysis, and quantitative analysis, as well as the ability to work effectively under tight deadline. The ideal candidate will have several years of experience in federal budgeting, familiarity with the legislative process, background in federal health care policy, and a master’s degree in public policy or related
field. Email resume, two brief writing samples, and cover letter with subject line “analyst position” to Health.Analyst@mail.house.gov – no phone calls or walk-ins.
Legislative Correspondent- Republican Member seeks Legislative Correspondent with strong Tennessee ties to manage all aspects of constituent correspondence. In addition, this position works with the scheduler to coordinate Member’s schedule in the Washington office. Other duties include: sorting incoming letters and emails, tracking and assigning mail through constituent management software, drafting and sending timely responses. Successful candidates must demonstrate exceptional writing ability, attention to detail, and organizational skills. Hill experience, familiarity with IQ ties are a plus. Send resume and cover letter to TNHousejob@gmail.com
Staff Assistant: We are seeking a highly energetic, motivated, and organized individual to join the team of a Senior Democratic member of Congress. The candidate will have strong interpersonal skills, be comfortable with managing multiple tasks and work well under pressure.
  MEM-313-14
 MEM-295-14
 MEM-286-14
Page 2 of 3

The staff assistant is responsible for preparing letters of greetings, condolence and congratulations on behalf of the Member; answering the phones; coordinating mail and casework distribution; making room reservations for meetings. Light casework assignments will include post office problems and requests for expedited passports and as assigned by the District Director. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting training, scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge of the District of Columbia. Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to D.C., if hired.
The closing date for this until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.houe.gov or fax to (202) 225-1129
Absolutely no phone calls will be accepted!
 Page 3 of 3
