 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
   MEM-015-20
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 21, 2020
The legislative counsel will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (I-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and self-
 motivated legislative counsel to join our Washington, DC-based policy team.
 Page 1 of 8

  MEM-013-20
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative counsel applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
The ideal candidate will have:
• Excellent organizational, proofreading and time management skills necessary to work in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment;
• A professional and courteous manner, particularly in telephone and in- person conversations with constituents;
• Strong writing skills and attention to detail;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously under pressure. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Front Office
• Greet and screen visitors, answer and screen telephone calls for the Congresswoman and District Office staff members, taking messages when appropriate;
• Assist with processing of constituent mail and franked mail;
• Respond to constituent requests for information;
• Administrative and clerical duties involved with managing the front office; • Oversee the District Office internship program;
Casework
• Handle casework for state inquiries, housing, and local referrals, and assist with federal casework as needed;
• Monitor active cases to ensure they are handled in a responsive manner and maintain up-to-date files and notes on all cases;
• Participate in select outreach efforts such as mobile office hours and the Congresswoman’s Town Halls (these occur throughout the district and in collaboration with other members of the team and select partners);
• Perform other duties as assigned by casework team and District Director.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Bilingual candidates are preferred.
Applicants must submit a cover letter and resume to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov by January 24, 2020 with “Casework Assistant” in the subject line. Applicants will be considered on a rolling basis.
No calls or drop-ins please.
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks a
 Casework Staff Assistant in her Seattle, WA office. The Casework Staff
 Assistant runs the front office of the Congresswoman’s District Office and
 supports the Congresswoman’s constituent services team.
   Page 2 of 8

MEM-012-20
Title: Caucus Assistant
 Office: House Democratic Caucus Office
   MEM-011-20
“Democratic Leadership office seeks motivated and punctual individual to manage the front office, supervise a robust internship program, plan and execute Member-level events such as the weekly meeting of the House Democratic Caucus, manage the Caucus letter folding program, complete Spanish translation projects, schedule senior staff and support other departments in a fast paced environment.
The job primarily involves operational, administrative and management tasks, as well as a close working relationship with other departments. The Caucus Assistant will report directly to the Operations and Outreach Coordinator. Candidates must be proactive project supervisors, excellent writers, diligent organizers and strong team players with an interest in developing their own leadership skills. Applicants with Spanish fluency are strongly encouraged to apply. Prior experience in a Congressional office and a positive attitude is a plus.
This is an entry-level position and requires the ability to manage multiple high-priority tasks at once. This office is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability. Women and minority applicants are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send PDFs of resume, cover letter, writing sample and three professional references to DemCaucus.Jobs@mail.house.gov with name and “2020 Caucus Assistant Application” in the subject line. Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins please”
Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a press secretary to serve in her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be proactive concerning press engagement, and possess superior written and oral communication skills (including editing, and proofreading capabilities). The ideal candidate will have prior political, legislative, and communications experience. Connecticut ties are a plus.
Primary responsibilities:
-Establishing and maintaining relationships with Connecticut, national, and D.C.-based media;
-Coordinating all media efforts and communication-related events; -Drafting and distributing press releases and media advisories;
-Creating, editing, and placing op-eds;
-Developing, editing, and posting content across all social media platforms; -Pitching stories to reporters and producers, including national and
Page 3 of 8

Connecticut media, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the point-of- contact for media;
-Monitoring media narratives and identifying opportunities to promote the Congresswoman;
-Overseeing Franked communications strategy. This includes drafting, designing, and distributing Franked mail content; maintaining all social media platforms; and managing the bi-weekly congressional e-newsletter;
-Updating the Congresswoman’s website and ensuring that it features timely content;
-Coordinating and staffing the Congresswoman for interviews and events (including occasional night and weekend commitments);
-Managing a small team of press assistants.
To apply:
Please send a current resume, cover letter with salary requirements, two writing samples (not to exceed one page each), and three references to ct05jobs@mail.house.gov
No calls, emails or walk-ins, please.
  MEM-009-20
Responsibilities include managing the Congressman’s committee and
 subcommittee priorities, liaising with committee staff, drafting hearing
 questions and statements, developing legislation, monitoring activity on
 assigned issues, advising and representing the Congresswoman, and building
 relationships with constituent groups and advocacy organizations.
    MEM-006-20
Requirements include a strong understanding of national security and foreign policy, familiarity with the NDAA process, and a minimum of two years of substantive legislative or related experience. This is not an entry level position in a fast-paced office and requires dedication, close attention to detail and the ability to think outside the box. Non-traditional work hours, and Hill experience are required. Hawaii ties are ideal, veteran applications are welcome!
No calls or drop ins, qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume and writing samples to: hi02jobs@gmail.com
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a detail- oriented communications professional to serve as Deputy Press Secretary. The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, a proactive team player, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard is seeking an dynamic, proactive and
 experienced Military Legislative Assistant to manage her work on the House
 Armed Services Committee. This position includes a portfolio of national
 security, foreign affairs, veterans affairs, and intelligence issues.
 Page 4 of 8

  MEM-004-20
Responsibilities include assisting with press releases, statements, talking points, and other key press documents; monitoring press coverage; building and maintaining relationships with key local and regional reporters; monitor the press inbox and phone line for media inquiries; manage press for multiple subcommittees; Compile and distribute local and national press clips; Conduct extensive research; Create and maintain press lists; Maintain archives on multiple subject matters; and other duties as assigned.
•A minimum of two years of media relations and/or social media coordination experience.
•A Bachelor’s degree in Journalism, English, Public Relations, or a closely related field preferred.
•A strong ability to research and analyze information.
•A strong ability to perform multiple tasks accurately and efficiently in a fast- paced environment.
•Previous Hill experience a plus.
This position reports directly to the Communications Director. Candidates should submit a cover letter and resume with the subject line “Deputy Press Secretary” to Oversightpress@mail.house.gov. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. Please, no drop-by applications or phone calls.
Reporting to the Communications Director, the Digital Strategist is responsible for creating original and creative content (including, but not limited to, videos and graphics) and managing the Congresswoman’s social media channels to further communicate and elevate her agenda and accomplishments.
The ideal candidate will have:
•Social media, graphic design, and video production experience in a legislative office, campaign, political organization or progressive advocacy group;
•Fluency with social media platforms and a nuanced understanding of the current social media landscape and trends;
•Excellent organization and time management skills necessary to work in a fast-paced environment that requires rapid response;
•Strong writing skills and attention to detail;
•A passion for storytelling and social justice.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting daily digital content for highly active social media channels; •Editing and producing videos for social platforms and designing visual
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
 experienced, creative and highly motivated Digital Strategist for her
 Washington, D.C. office.
 Page 5 of 8

graphics;
•Tracking social media performance and providing analysis of trends and opportunities for future growth;
•Updating and managing the Congresswoman’s official website; and •Coordinating the creation and distribution of an e-newsletter.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, two writing samples, two graphic design samples, three references, and links to either a reel or samples of video work.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Digital Strategist” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
  MEM-669-19
The Office of Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) is looking to fill a
 vacancy for the position of District Director. The District Director will lead a
 dynamic district team, based in Waterbury, Connecticut.
 SUMMARY:
 The District Director oversees all operations across the district. This includes
 developing and implementing strategies and operating plans for the
 Congresswoman’s District Office (DO). The individual will create a
 comprehensive outreach strategy to stay in constant touch with constituents
 and key community leaders, and oversee a results-focused, customer service-
 oriented casework operation. The District Director manages activities and DO
 staff to ensure an aggressive and representative schedule for the
 Congresswoman’s time in district, and identifies, completes, and monitors
 district-based projects as assigned.
 The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based
 on race, religion, ethnic origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification or family
 status. Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally
 underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
 Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
 CT05jobs@mail.house.gov.
    ESSENTIAL JOB ROLES:
 o Supervisor: At its core this position requires effective management of staff
 to maximize performance for constituents and the Congresswoman.
 o Project Manager: Look for projects beneficial to the district with a federal
 nexus where office involvement would facilitate progress. Work with DC and
 Page 6 of 8

DO staff to ensure the Congresswoman receives timely updates on projects
 and productively contribute to the conclusion of projects. Work with
 stakeholders, including local and state governments, nonprofits, and private
 industry, along with grant-making institutions and federal entities, to move
 projects toward success.
 o Intelligence Gatherer & Distributor: Through outreach, media monitoring,
 and intelligence collection from district staff, key contacts throughout district
 and state, and at events throughout district and state, understand constituent
 (and constituency) priorities, concerns, and outlook, then share with District
 Staff, DC Staff, and Congresswoman.
 o Surrogate: Represent the Congresswoman, or assign appropriate staff
 representatives, at events or meetings as needed.
 EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
 o Experience engaging in diverse communities and effectively managing staff
 in an office environment;
 o Bachelor’s degree in the political science or related field, including strong
 academic credentials;
 o 5 to 10 years of related experience in management public service,
 legislation or equivalent similar experience.
 SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
 o Maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
 constituents;
 o Ability to work a flexible schedule with frequent in-district travel, including
 long hours, nights and weekends;
 o Have impeccable judgment, character & gravitas to represent the
 Congresswoman to constituents or leaders in the community;
 o Ability to see the big picture and plan in a proactive way, while ensuring
 day-to-day operations are tightly and efficiently run;
 o Organization, supervisory leadership and motivation to manage district
 team;
 o Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a firm,
 tactful, pleasant, patient, and professional manner;
 o Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others from diverse
 backgrounds;
 o Ability to work well under pressure and handle stress;
 o Excellent oral and written communication skills;
 o Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, House Rules, and local,
 state and federal agencies and departments;
 o Understand the district and federal political landscape.
 Page 7 of 8

MEM-512-19
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues, among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com Position Available: Senior Staff Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills, highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject line.
 MEM-428-19
  Page 8 of 8
