 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
   MEM-664-19
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 30, 2019
The Democratic staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a Staff Assistant. Candidates should have excellent organizational skills and strong research, writing, and communication skills.
Responsibilities include overseeing Committee hearing and markup logistics, serving as assistant clerk during markups, providing administrative and research support to Chief of Staff and Staff Director/Chief Counsel, coordinating Staff Director/Chief Counsel’s calendar and the Committee calendar, co-managing the intern program, and managing Committee administrative needs.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and include “Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of
  MEM-662-19
Page 1 of 7

  MEM-655-19
committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; assisting the technology needs of Committee staff as needed; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology assistance are strongly encouraged to apply.
This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $38,000 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
Southern Republican seeks an enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover a variety of issues.
The ideal candidate will have Hill experience, while previous LA experience is not required. They should also have a solid grasp of House procedures and an understanding of how a legislative team works. Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment.
Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, preparing briefing materials, and engaging with the Member on the implications of various legislation.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references.
Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant 2” in the subject line.
Progressive Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent.
Duties include processing flag and tour requests and management of an active constituent correspondence program with short turnaround times. Candidates should have excellent writing and research skills, be self-starters, and have strong organizational and time management skills. Previous Hill experience
  MEM-653-19
Page 2 of 7

  MEM-650-19
strongly preferred. This office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please send resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
StaffAstLegCorr@gmail.com.
The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting applications for a full- time staff assistant. Working in the front office, the staff assistant will be responsible for answering phones, and greeting visitors.
Responsibilities will also include assisting with hearings/ markups, day to day administrative operations, and various other tasks as assigned. Please note that this position is strictly administrative. Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans, excellent oral communication skills, strong organizational skills, and a team player attitude. Previous Hill experience is preferred but not required.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins.
The office of Representative Glenn “GT” Thompson (PA-15) seeks to fill the position of Legislative Correspondent in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: handling constituent correspondence, answering phones, monitoring the House floor while in session, providing general administrative assistance for the office while working in conjunction with the legislative and communications teams to achieve their goals.
Qualified candidates will have at least one year prior experience in a member office, should be outgoing, punctual, and dependable with excellent organization and written communications skills, sharp attention to detail, and the ability to work under pressure in order to meet tight deadlines. Pennsylvania ties and a sense of humor are preferred, but not required. Occasional district travel may be necessary.
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and references to Lindsay.Reusser@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Correspondent” in the subject line. No walk-ins please.
The office of Representative Glenn “GT” Thompson (PA-15) seeks to fill the position of Staff Assistant in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering phones, monitoring office deliveries and pickups, distributing mail, processing flag and tour requests, providing general administrative assistance for the office, and other duties as assigned.
  MEM-641-19
  MEM-640-19
Page 3 of 7

Qualified candidates must be outgoing, punctual, and dependable with excellent organization and communications skills, sharp attention to detail, and the ability to work under pressure in order to meet tight deadlines. Pennsylvania ties and a sense of humor are preferred, but not required. Occasional district travel may be necessary.
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and references to
Lindsay.Reusser@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No walk-ins please.
  MEM-629-19
Congressman Dan Kildee seeks a full-time legislative assistant in
 Washington, D.C.
  The legislative assistant will primarily handle health care for an active
 Member of the Ways and Means Committee and House Democratic
 Leadership, along with other legislative issues. Responsibilities are wide-
 ranging and include preparing for and staffing committee hearings, drafting
 legislation and amendments, writing talking points and memorandums, and
 interacting with key constituent groups and stakeholders. Applicants should
 have a significant understanding and demonstrated passion for health care
 policy.
  Applicants must be willing to work on a team, bring an entrepreneurial spirit
 to a fast-paced office, previously demonstrated pro-active initiative, and
 possess a desire to continually learn. Applicants must work well under
 pressure, have excellent written and oral communication skills and
 demonstrate leadership capabilities. The position requires strategic thinking
 and the ability to work independently as well as within a team.
  This is not an entry-level position. A minimum of three years of experience is
 required. Applicants with Michigan ties are a plus. Compensation is
 commensurate with experience.
  This office is an equal opportunity employer, committed to developing an
 organization that is reflective of the district that we serve. The office does not
 discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin,
 sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
  Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and a writing
 sample to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
  Page 4 of 7

MEM-512-19
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues, among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
The Office of the Law Revision Counsel—a small, nonpartisan office within the U.S. House of Representatives—seeks an attorney to assist in the editing and publishing of the United States Code, the codification of general and permanent Federal statutory law.
The editorial work needed to maintain the U.S. Code involves a number of tasks, including:
•reading new laws to determine which provisions should appear in the Code and where,
•updating the Code to reflect new law and amendments to existing law, •writing concise editorial notes to explain amendments, effective dates, references within the text to other laws, and a variety of other legislative concepts,
•preparing statutory citations and tables, and •identifying errors in grammar and spelling—
•all while conforming to very strict style guidelines.
In addition to the basic tasks required to integrate new laws into the Code, other duties may be required, such as reviewing drafts of bills to enact titles as positive law, doing extensive research and editorial work to improve the organization of existing provisions in the Code, and assisting in the continuing modernization of the Office, including support of online and machine readable versions of the Code.
Qualifications
•J.D. degree and attorney license in any U.S. jurisdiction or intention to obtain
 MEM-462-19
 Page 5 of 7

   MEM-428-19
license within one year.
•At least one year of professional experience in editing or publishing, preferably in the legal field.
•Meticulous attention to detail and dedication to accuracy.
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
•Absolute proficiency in grammar, spelling, and usage.
•Ability to analyze and summarize complex legal issues.
•Ability to identify issues affecting Federal statutes and explain them clearly and concisely within firmly established parameters.
Other conditions to note:
Familiarity with Federal or State statutory law is highly desirable.
This position is better suited to someone able to engage in extended periods of solitary work, often involving tedious and repetitive tasks.
The ability to adhere to, and function comfortably within, established styles and practices is essential.
Please be aware that this is a long-term career position with the Office, not a stepping stone to another position within Congress or the Federal Government.
Applicant Instructions
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter with salary requirements to:
uscodeapplicant@mail.house.gov
Applicants will be evaluated based on the ability to meet the qualifications stated above. Significant weight will be given to the applicant's cover letter. If chosen for an interview, an applicant will be requested to submit a writing sample.
Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com Position Available: Senior Staff Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills, highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
 Page 6 of 7

Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject line.
 Page 7 of 7
