 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
   MEM-122-20
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 16, 2020
Candidates will be creative and strong writers who understand social media trends. This individual will have experience with photography, graphic creation, and video editing. Previous digital communications experience on Capitol Hill, a campaign, or at a communications firm is strongly preferred.
The ideal candidate is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, and willing to work long hours in a fast-paced and demanding setting. Spanish fluency and Southern California ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, a writing sample, and two examples of graphics or other digital communications work to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with “Press Assistant” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Southern California Democrat seeks Press Assistant to support very active,
 Washington, DC office. This individual reports to the Communications
 Director and will be responsible for creating content for social media
 platforms, recording and editing video, and updating website. In addition, the
 staff member will produce daily clips, draft press releases, assist with
 responding to press inquiries, compile and update press lists.
  Page 1 of 11

MEM-121-20
Rep. Barragán seeks a Legislative Correspondent/Special Assistant to join
 the Washington, DC office. This is a newly created position in the office
 which requires exceptional writing skills and a commitment to timely and
 creative constituent correspondence. Successful candidates will have strong
 organizational skills, attention to detail, and the ability to multi-task and
 prioritize effectively in a fast-paced environment.
  MEM-113-20
The primary responsibilities for this position include:
-Manage the office’s constituent correspondence program in a timely and thorough
manner;
-Conduct legislative research and draft response letters;
-Sort, batch and respond to correspondence through Fireside;
-Keep Fireside database complete and current;
-Manage intern correspondence work; and
-Support the legislative team with various assignments.
Secondary responsibilities include:
-This position entails being a secondary driver to the Member; -Assist the Communications team with assignments;-
-Draft briefing materials for the Congressmember; and -Perform other administrative tasks as needed.
Please submit a resume and cover letter to Resume.Inbox7@mail.house.gov. Applications materials must be received by March 31, 2020. The salary range for this position is $38-42K annually depending on experience. A timed writing test will be conducted for selected candidates.
The Office is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects.
Page 2 of 11

 MEM-112-20
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $38,000 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
The legislative counsel will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative counsel applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (I-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and self-
 motivated legislative counsel to join our Washington, DC-based policy team.
  MEM-109-20
Active Democratic House Member seeks Staff Assistant for Washington,
 D.C. office. Responsibilities include: managing the front office; managing the
 intern program; sorting mail; answering phones; processing flag requests;
 compiling daily news clips; booking and coordinating constituent tours of
 DC; assisting with responses to constituent mail and other administrative
 tasks. Position may include assisting the Member's subcommittee staff with
 administrative work.
 Ideal candidates will have relevant experience, be well organized, have a clean driving record, and comfortable working collaboratively with a fast paced team. A sense of humor and California ties are preferred.
Page 3 of 11

 MEM-106-20
Please send resume and cover letter to ca07jobs@gmail.com. Please include Staff Assistant in the email subject line.
No walk-ins or phone calls.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to answer the telephones;
•to greet visitors to the office;
•to answer constituent requests for general information, tours, and other inquiries;
•to monitor delivery and pickup of materials;
•to maintain front office; and
•to assist with various administrative and legislative duties.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•professional telephone manner;
•proficiency in word processing;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
DUTIES:
•answers and screens telephone calls for the Member and other staff members and takes messages;
•greets and screens visitors;
•assists persons who have appointments with the Member or other staff members. Works closely with the Member's Scheduler to ensure that the Member's appointments are on time and that the Scheduler is aware of the visitors' arrival;
•responds to constituent requests for flags, tours and other information; •maintains handout literature regarding the district and the House;
•signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to the office to appropriate staff members in a timely manner;
•maintains the office answering machine or voice mail;
•ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member in a timely manner;
•writes down visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant information;
•logs in mail;
•performs general typing and administrative assignments;
•sends, receives, and distributes materials via the facsimile machine; and •performs other administrative and legislative duties as assigned.
Staff Assistant - The Office of Congressman Jim Baird (IN-04) seeks an
 enthusiastic and highly organized professional to serve as a Staff Assistant.
 Essential strengths of ideal candidates include excellent writing skills, a
 strong attention to detail, and the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced
 environment.
 Page 4 of 11

To apply, please send resume to ResumeIN@mail.house.gov
 MEM-105-20
Southern California Democrat seeks District Director to oversee all
 operations of the district offices, including the development and
 implementation of policy objectives, strategies and operating plans, as well as
 direct all activities and staff of the district offices.
 This position is responsible for recruiting, hiring, training, and managing
 district staff and ensures that district staff complies with office policies,
 practices, and procedures; represents the Member and/or assigns appropriate
 staff to do so at events or functions through the district as needed.
 Responsibilities include strategizing, developing, and implementing district
 communications and outreach plan for constituents, including casework
 management. This individual also serves as the primary liaison between the
 Congresswoman and constituents and special interest groups in the district;
 and, acts as an advisor for the Congresswoman on local concerns, district
 issues and politics, and other developments throughout the region.
 MEM-094-20
A Northeast Democrat is expanding their legislative team and is seeking a legislative assistant to manage an issue portfolio that includes, but is not limited to, tech, labor, consumer protection, veterans, and some of Member’s committee work.
Responsibilities include developing and planning legislative initiatives; monitoring legislative developments in-portfolio within committees and on the House floor; writing floor speeches for the Member; drafting constituent
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of management experience, a
 strong ability to provide necessary organization, leadership and motivation to
 manage a Congressional office; excellent oral and written communication
 skills; and thorough knowledge of the legislative process.
 The ideal candidate is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically
 astute, and willing to work long hours (including evenings and weekends) in a
 fast-paced and demanding setting. Spanish fluency and Southern California
 ties are a plus.
 Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing
 samples to
CA26Resumes@gmail.com
Page 5 of 11
with just “District Director” in the
  subject line.
  No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity
 employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
 
 MEM-093-20
correspondence; meeting with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member; and other assigned tasks.
Candidate must have at least two years of substantive legislative, policy, or related experience; ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment with occasional non-traditional work hours; familiarity with the scope and duties of the House legislative process; strong writing, interpersonal, self-motivation, and organizational skills; and New York ties are a plus.
This is a non-supervisory position and reports directly to the Legislative Director. The office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample of two pages or less to nyresume2@gmail.com
“Progressive Member of House Democratic Leadership and the Appropriations Committee seeks an experienced Legislative Director (LD).
The LD manages and mentors the legislative team to advance the Member’s broad legislative agenda, including significant work in the areas of foreign policy and national security, global health, poverty, and reproductive rights and justice.
The LD works closely with the Chief of Staff, Communications team, and District Director to ensure the legislative strategy is reflected in all aspects of the overall office operations.
This is not an entry level position. Required skills include: outstanding communications skills, ability to work in a dynamic team environment, knowledge of House operations and procedures, an understanding of the budget and appropriations process, and foreign policy and national security policy experience. The successful candidate will have at least five years of legislative experience, including management experience. Salary commensurate with experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our staff.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director” in the subject line.”
 Page 6 of 11

MEM-086-20
The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff, seeks dedicated, organized, and enthusiastic candidates to join the Consumer Protection Subcommittee staff as Junior Professional Staff Member.
The broad jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes consumer affairs and consumer protection generally; motor vehicle safety; consumer product safety and product liability; regulation of commercial practices, including sports- related matters; interstate commerce; consumer privacy and data security; and regulation of travel, tourism, and time.
The subcommittee oversees the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and the Federal Trade Commission, among others. The position requires the handling of substantive legislative and administrative tasks, including staffing hearings and markups, conducting oversight, and drafting legislation.
Qualified candidates must have strong writing, analytical, legislative, and organizational skills; a proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with competing priorities; a willingness to work long hours and weekends; and sound political judgment. Candidates should have experience working with relevant public interest groups, relevant agencies, Congress, and industry.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and at least two professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line Consumer Protection Junior PSM Candidate.
 MEM-082-20
Communications Director: Senior Democrat seeks a communications
 director experienced in all aspects of public relations and social media, who is
 also organized, energetic and creative to be based in D.C. congressional office
 to handle all communications strategy and media operations for an unusually
 busy office, whose Member often has opportunities to appear on TV and radio
 media.
 This is a very fast-paced office where the communications director overseas
 all day-to-day press operations including writing press releases, managing the
 social media portfolio, pitching stories, responding to reporters’ inquiries,
 producing newsletters, overseeing website content, developing, building
 relationships with local and national media and organizing press conferences
 and media events. Excellent research, writing and social media skills are
 essential.
 Page 7 of 11

Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will develop and implement a strategic communications plan, think outside the box and possess the political savvy needed to anticipate big news stories and to proactively promote the Member’s message.
At least three years of prior media and/or Hill experience and demonstrated experience with both mainstream and new media outlets is preferred. This is NOT an entry level communications position. Candidate must be a DC resident or be willing to become a resident of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
  MEM-079-20
Southern California Democrat seeks District Director to oversee all
 operations of the district offices, including the development and
 implementation of policy objectives, strategies and operating plans, as well as
 direct all activities and staff of the district offices.
 This position is responsible for recruiting, hiring, training, and managing
 district staff and ensures that district staff complies with office policies,
 practices, and procedures; represents the Member and/or assigns appropriate
 staff to do so at events or functions through the district as needed.
 Responsibilities include strategizing, developing, and implementing district
 communications and outreach plan for constituents, including casework
 management. This individual also serves as the primary liaison between the
 Congresswoman and constituents and special interest groups in the district;
 and, acts as an advisor for the Congresswoman on local concerns, district
 issues and politics, and other developments throughout the region.
 Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of management experience, a
 strong ability to provide necessary organization, leadership and motivation to
 manage a Congressional office; excellent oral and written communication
 skills; and thorough knowledge of the legislative process.
 The ideal candidate is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically
 astute, and willing to work long hours (including evenings and weekends) in a
 fast-paced and demanding setting. Spanish fluency and Southern California
 ties are a plus.
 Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing
 samples to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with just “District Director” in the
 subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
  Page 8 of 11

MEM-073-20
The House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a Digital Director to help design and execute a proactive digital messaging strategy for the DPCC and assist with the digital reach of House Democratic offices.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: creating graphics and custom videos; managing relationships with digital media outlets and identifying new audiences for House Democrats to reach online; managing all digital platforms of the DPCC; drafting sample digital content to be used by other Democratic offices; maintaining and updating websites; tracking analytics; and offering new, proactive ideas for growing the DPCC’s digital presence and supporting House Democrats.
Successful candidates will be creative, proactive, team players, who are able to successfully manage multiple tasks at once. They will have previous experience and passion for creating video and graphic content and familiarity with Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Premiere, Illustrator), Final Cut Pro or other comparable tools. HTML/CSS knowledge a plus.
They will have a strong understanding of the digital media landscape and the latest digital trends and the ability to identify opportunities to reach new audiences online. Existing relationships with digital media outlets, podcasts, YouTube shows and influencers is a plus.
The position will report to the executive director of the DPCC and work collaboratively with Chair and Co-Chair staff and other leadership staff. Non- traditional work hours are expected. This is not an entry-level position.
We are equal opportunity employers; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Qualified applicants should email a cover letter, resume, an original video, and an original graphic they are proud of to jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with “DPCC Digital Director” in the subject line.
The Office of Congresswoman Abby Finkenauer (IA-01) seeks a Scheduler to be based in the Washington, DC office. Applicants should have scheduling experience, ideally with a Congressional office, a political campaign, or a similarly fast-paced organization. Applicants should be attentive to detail, organized, and proactive.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
 diverse backgrounds to apply.
   MEM-066-20
Page 9 of 11

  MEM-512-19
Job responsibilities will include:
•Creating and managing the Congresswoman’s schedule in Washington, DC and in Iowa.
•Building a long term scheduling plan in conjunction with other staff and the Congresswoman.
•Responding to invitations for meetings and events in a timely manner. •Managing the Congresswoman’s travel, and logistics in DC and Iowa. •Managing the Congresswoman’s time throughout the day in DC.
•Preparing memos and briefings for all meetings and events in coordination with event participants and the appropriate staff members.
•Keeping staff members and the Congresswoman updated in real time about schedule changes.
•Maintaining files of invitations that have been declined, accepted, or that are tentative/pending
•Processing travel and expense receipts for the Member.
•Additional duties related to operation of the DC and District offices.
TO APPLY: Please e-mail a resume to IA01Resumes@mail.house.gov. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues, among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com Position Available: Senior Staff Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
 MEM-428-19
 Page 10 of 11

Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills, highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects.
A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required. Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject line.
 Page 11 of 11
