    MEM-196-14
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 9, 2014
Senior Legislative Assistant: Texas Democrat seeks a hard-working and experienced legislative staffer to handle the healthcare and energy portfolio, along with other legislative areas. A bachelor’s degree with at least 4 years of legislative experience on the Hill is required. Potential candidates should have excellent writing and verbal skills coupled with some knowledge of social media. The ideal candidate will have experience working under pressure, working as part of a team, a sense of humor and the ability to work flexible hours. Experience with iConstituent is a plus, but not required. Please send cover letter, resume and a writing sample to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
Staff Assistant—Southern conservative Republican seeks a Staff Assistant to handle a wide range of office responsibilities and constituent services in the Washington office. Primary responsibilities for this position include (1) answering the main telephone line for the office, (2) processing flag requests, (3) arranging tours of the Capitol, (4) preparing the office for daily activities, and (5) drafting personal notes and letters of commendation to constituents.
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
 MEM-194-14
Page 1 of 3

 MEM-190-14
Other responsibilities may be assigned. Because the Member places a special emphasis on constituent services, candidates must be able to maintain a courteous and respectful demeanor at all times and possess a true desire to help constituents. Competitive candidates will be confident and well-spoken, have excellent oral and written communication skills, possess an acute attention to detail, demonstrate an assertive and organized approach to problem solving, and exhibit an ability to multi-task in a fast paced work environment. Though duties are largely administrative in nature, the Staff Assistant should have a personal interest in current events and Congressional activities, and should be fully engaged in all aspects of the day-to-day operations of the office. Additionally, the daily work hours for this position are 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Completion of a four-year college education is required. Prior work experience is preferred. Southern ties are a significant plus. Interested individuals should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to congressjob@gmail.com.
Communications Director: Senior Democrat seeks a communications director experienced in all aspects of public relations and social media, who is also organized, energetic and creative to be based in D.C. congressional office to handle all communications strategy and media operations for an unusually busy office. This is a very fast-paced office where the communications director writes press releases; help the member with social media; pitches stories; responds to reporters’ inquiries; oversees website content; develops and maintains relationships with local and national media; organizes media events; and produces newsletters and e-newsletters. Occasional help on press releases is sometimes available from legislative staff. Excellent research, writing and social media skills are essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will develop and implement a communications plan, think outside the box and possess the political savvy needed to anticipate big news stories and to proactively promote the Member’s message. At least three years of prior media and/or Hill experience and demonstrated experience with both mainstream and new media outlets is preferred. This is NOT an entry level communications position. Candidate must be a DC resident or be willing to become a resident of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two writing samples to(202) 225-1129 (fax) or DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov . NO PHONE CALLS, PLEASE! If you have questions, please email them to dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled.
  Page 2 of 3

MEM-189-14
Scheduler –Republican seeking Scheduler for Capitol Hill office. Candidate must have experience on the Hill or in private sector, be highly organized; possesses strong people skills with exceptional attention to detail and be comfortable working in a demanding and fast paced
environment. Responsibilities include but not limited to: process all scheduling requests, invitations and events for Member’s calendar; respond to all invitations by written email correspondence or by personal telephone call; maintain office contact lists; make travel arrangements; handle Member correspondence; ensure the Member is provided with briefing materials for each event by coordinating with event participants and the appropriate legislative and/or district staff; and assist with other duties as assigned. Salary commensurate with experience. Email resume and cover letter to with “Scheduler” in the subject line to PA.Resumes@mail.house.gov.
Legislative Assistant – Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated and organized lawyer with strong interpersonal and writing skills. The ideal candidate will be able to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure. The Legislative Assistant works with the Chief Counsel/Legislative Director and with the Chief of Staff to develop and implement the Member’s legislative strategy in his/her issue areas; prepares materials for hearings; drafts legislation, amendments, and congressional record statements; and conducts research. Responsibilities include managing and handling issues that include but are not limited to Federal-District of Columbia issues, Federal Workforce, U.S. Postal Service and Labor policy. The ability to write well under tight deadlines is essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented problem solver and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior Hill, law firm or similar experience is preferred. Candidate must possess a law degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two writing samples to (202 225-1129 (fax) or DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov. NO PHONE CALLS, PLEASE!
 MEM-187-14
 Page 3 of 3
