 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
   MEM-168-20
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 15, 2020
•Preparing and circulating official notices and materials, maintaining official hearing records, and staffing Subcommittee hearings and markups. •Preparing for hearings and markups by assisting Subcommittee Counsels with written materials for Members, vetting and preparing witnesses, and coordinating with Subcommittee Member offices on hearing and markup logistics.
•Providing support to Subcommittee Counsels and Democratic Member offices on immigration-related legislative and policy matters, as well as procedural issues relating to Committee business.
•Assisting with Subcommittee investigations and other oversight activities, including by maintaining and analyzing document productions provided by government and nongovernmental entities.
•Providing administrative assistance to the Subcommittee, including
The House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Immigration and
 Citizenship (Majority) seeks a Legislative Aide/Professional Staff Member
 to handle clerking responsibilities; provide support to Subcommittee Counsels
 on legislative, procedural, and policy matters; and complete administrative
 tasks. Duties include:
 Page 1 of 13

  MEM-167-20
answering phone calls, managing incoming and outgoing correspondence, and logging and tracking bills referred to the Subcommittee.
Candidates must be highly organized, detail-oriented, and capable of thriving in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment. Candidates should have prior Hill experience, ideally with a Congressional Committee. Previous immigration policy experience is a plus, but not required.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Aide” in the subject line.
The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking a Communications Director to manage a proactive, robust operation.
The Communications Director will develop and implement media, communications, and public relations strategy for the Member’s legislative and outreach items, identify and message to strategic constituencies in VA-01, and develop a proactive constituent communications strategy and plan to creatively and effectively communicate the Member’s messages through traditional, as well as digital venues.
Primary job functions include messaging prep for the Member, producing talking points for speeches and appearances, developing mass mail plan and content, coordinating defense press strategy and op-eds, producing weekly update, overseeing proactive constituent coalitions email and 499 program, managing telephone town hall and town hall program, and overseeing Member’s website and social media sites.
Candidate will work as part of a two-person communications team and will work closely with legislative staff. The ideal candidate is a proactive communicator who can work under tight deadlines and on both short and long-term projects simultaneously.
Candidate must be prepared to work in a collaborative environment that requires a high level of writing and content generation.
Candidates must have previous congressional or political communications experience. Virginia ties are helpful but not required.
Page 2 of 13

MEM-166-20
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume to
Carolyn.King@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the subject line.
  Representative Jason Crow (CO-06) seeks a Digital Manager to develop and
 implement digital strategy, including social media, email, website, and
 franked communications. This is an opportunity to join a dynamic team of
 public-service professionals and serve the country during a critical time.
 The position reports to the Communications Director. Candidates should
 submit a resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and digital portfolio with at least
 one photo and graphic each with the subject line “Digital
 Manager_LASTNAME” to: resumes.co06@gmail.com by June 21, 2020. No
  phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
 Responsibilities:
 •Drafting and sending online communications including Twitter, Facebook,
 and Instagram
 •Producing creative content, including graphics, videos, photos, and
 livestreams
 •Building digital infrastructure for virtual events, using a variety of online
 platforms including, Zoom, Webex, Facebook Live, Team, and others,
 especially while many in person events are on hold due to COVID-19
 •Creating online content and advertising for events and forums, including on
 Facebook and Google, to support the Congressman’s work
 •Monitoring online trends, new tools, and digital opportunities for the office
 •Assist with rapid response communications
 •Managing U.S. House Franking approval process and rules for digital and
 print content
 •Creating and tracking email audiences
 •Monitor media and manage clips for the office
 •Managing website maintenance and development
 •Supporting the Communications Director on other projects
 •Other assignments as they arise
 Qualifications:
 •Enthusiasm about Congressman Crow’s work, connecting with constituents
 online, and all things digital
 •Prior work on digital media for an elected leader or comparable experience
 •Strong writing, interpersonal and organizational skills are a must
 •Ability to self motivate, problem-solve and think creatively
 •Colorado ties are a plus
 •Experience with Adobe Creative Suite or comparable graphic and video
 editing software, HTML, and/or a CRM system preferred.
 Page 3 of 13

 MEM-165-20
Southern Member seeks a Staff Assistant for their Washington, D.C. office. Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized, detail-oriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal skills, and ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates must demonstrate excellent “people skills,” most importantly displaying personability in all interactions, and a strong commitment to providing outstanding constituent service.
The ideal candidate should: be able to think on their feet, be a problem-solver, show keen attention to detail and an ability to multi-task, demonstrate excellent oral and written skills, maintain a positive demeanor, and demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
Primary responsibilities include: managing the front office, including answering, appropriately logging, and directing telephone calls; greeting visitors; monitoring office deliveries; distributing hard and electronic mail; and other administrative duties.
The Staff Assistant will also serve as the office tour coordinator and will be responsible for managing constituent requests for Capitol and White House tours, as well as constituent requests for flags flown over the Capitol.
Please submit a resume as well as a list of references to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
“Prominent West Coast Progressive seeks self-motivated, organized and creative Press Assistant to work in Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities will include compiling press clips, drafting press materials, updating the website, staffing the member, and assisting in management of high-profile social media accounts.
Candidates should have a passion for progressive politics and enjoy working in a collaborative environment.
Experience with graphic design, video production and photography is a plus. Hill experience preferred. The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and
 minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
 basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
 expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
 parental status.
   MEM-164-20
Page 4 of 13

  MEM-162-20
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our employees.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and short writing sample to
lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Press Assistant” in the subject line.”
Legislative Assistant and Professional Staff Member
Chairman Gerald E. Connolly seeks an exceptional, self-motivated candidate to staff Mr. Connolly on all Committee on Oversight and Reform activities. The position is shared between the personal office and the Subcommittee on Government Operations.
The position offers the opportunity to help lead an effective and fast-paced Subcommittee with a broad jurisdiction and significant legislative authority. The Subcommittee has a wide reach and seeks to improve government across the entire enterprise of its operations.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•designing and preparing congressional hearings;
•working with multiple stakeholders to design legislative solutions to address complex national policy concerns;
•writing statements and speeches;
•conducting legal and factual research;
•drafting memoranda;
•ensuring Government Operations priorities are reflected in appropriations and defense authorization bills;
•engaging the Chairman’s constituents and ensuring their needs and priorities are reflected in Committee oversight and legislation;
•and leading oversight initiatives.
The Chairman is particularly interested in candidates with a deep knowledge of and an interest in engaging:
oFederal information technology modernization and improvement;
oSafe agency adaptation of new technologies and IT security practices, including cloud computing;
oIssues of federalism and engaging state, local, and tribal governments; oEnsuring the federal workforce, including civil servants and contractors, have the resources they need to serve the nation;
oWays to prevent the Trump Administration from damaging a merit-based civil service and our federal oversight infrastructure of federal inspectors general.
The individual who fills this role will have the opportunity to influence federal IT policy across the government and to help the Chairman find new
Page 5 of 13

  MEM-159-20
ways to use oversight to encourage agencies to improve their technology postures and ensure the acquisition of technologies that can improve every operation of our federal government.
The right candidate will serve as a critical leader of a close-knit team and will have the opportunity to work both with the full Committee and with Chairman Connolly’s personal office staff. This person will keep Chairman Connolly fully informed of and staff all Oversight and Reform Committee events and activities and be an integral member of the personal office and subcommittee staff.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) expertise in some of the areas described above (iii) the ability to work closely with a team and remain entrepreneurial. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Applicants should be willing to be in the office full time and be able to attend work duties on some evenings and weekends.
The Office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a cover letter and resume to Government.Operations@mail.house.gov with “Oversight” in the subject line.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Progressive Southern California Democrat seeks a highly talented and motivated individual to serve as a Legislative Assistant in Washington, DC House office - with the primary responsibilities of handling the Member’s immigration and housing portfolio, Homeland Security Committee work, and serve as Member’s liaison to Congressional Hispanic Caucus. Candidates must have a proven record of proposing legislation, developing amendments, and leading on letters.
Primary responsibilities include:
•Drafting legislation and amendments and advancing them through various legislative vehicles;
•Preparing hearing binders and questions for witnesses for Homeland Security Committee hearings;
•Drafting talking points, vote recommendations and other materials; •Monitoring and analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings, news stories and other relevant info; and
•Representing the Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.
Candidates must have an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in
Page 6 of 13

  MEM-157-20
a fast-paced work environment. Strong organizational and time management skills, excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a keen attention to detail are required. Spanish language skills strongly preferred.
This is not an entry level legislative position. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter including salary requirements, and writing sample to: Resume.Inbox44@mail.house.gov
The Office is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.
The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire a Research and Data Analyst. In this capacity the Analyst will be responsible for leading data and research collection and analysis for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion.
This individual will lead the development of the required diversity report, maintain key metrics and key performance indicators for the Office, and serve as a resource for external and internal diversity best practices.
This individual will also serve as the project manager for any consultants and/or contractors with whom the Office may engage to support the completion of the diversity report and to develop relevant diversity and inclusion-based training, in collaboration with the Congressional Staff Academy.
Key Responsibilities:
• This staffer will assist in the translation of research findings into materials that staff can effectively utilize in their engagements with Members and Member offices.
• Provide research support on diversity and inclusion studies, techniques and tools.
• Serve as project manager for the diversity report and, where necessary, direct and coordinate activities of external consultants.
• Research and study best practices for retention and growth in House employing offices.
• Lead data tracking and reporting with a focus on performance and results. • Prepare regular updates and briefing documents on research that is relevant to House employing offices.
• Assist with the development and delivery of training sessions and, as needed, conduct presentations at professional conferences and meetings.
Qualifications:
Master’s degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field; or equivalent level of experience providing technical assistance, data collections and/or research.
Page 7 of 13

Interested candidates should send an email to Diverse.House@mail.house.gov
  with “Research and Data Analyst” in the subject line and. Women, minority,
 veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+ candidates are
 strongly encouraged to apply.
  MEM-156-20
• Must have knowledge and experience in diversity, equity, and inclusion research efforts, ideally with a strong background in curriculum development. Current working knowledge of coalition functioning, evaluation and research. • Quantitative and qualitative evaluation and research skills.
• Expertise using relevant software.
• Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a diverse team.
• Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on assignment.
• Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on multiple assignments simultaneously.
• Extensive computer skills, including data input.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire an administrative professional. The Staff Assistant will be responsible for performing a variety of skilled and semi-skilled duties related to internal and external customer service ranging from routine to complex clerical, secretarial, communications and administrative work.
The ideal candidate must be detail-oriented well organized, have experience supporting a team, managing multiple calendars, and must be able to maintain a high level of tact and confidentiality.
Key Responsibilities:
• Responsible for managing the intake and dissemination of requests sent to the House Diversity and Inclusion team, including, but not limited to, resume review and referrals.
• Provide administrative support to the House Diversity and Inclusion team.
• Draft and review correspondence for accuracy and completeness.
• Responsible for managing the day to day of the office (managing supplies, office vendors, interfacing with external and internal vendors, answering phones, processing mail, etc.).
• Maintain team calendar and coordinate all internal staff meetings/ events.
• Manage the calendars and schedule all appointments for the Candidate Services team, including scheduling resume reviews, mock interviews and exit interviews.
• Perform other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:
Page 8 of 13

Interested candidates should send an email to Diverse.House@mail.house.gov
  with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line and include a cover letter, resume,
 and a writing sample. Salary commensurate with experience.
 Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
 candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
  MEM-155-20
Bachelor’s Degree (or equivalent level of experience) and relevant experience in an administrative role.
• Experience supporting a team in a fast-paced environment.
• Detail oriented.
• Knowledge of technology and office equipment and willingness to learn new information systems and software; proficiency in the use of computer applications and Microsoft Office Suite (e.g., Excel, PowerPoint, Word), an Internet Quorum program highly preferred.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire two (2) Professional Staffers of Member and Candidate Services. The professional staffers will be responsible for corresponding and providing direct support to House employing offices in the areas of diversity and inclusion training, consulting and applicant placement.
These individuals will also be responsible for corresponding and providing direct support to candidates by providing applicant coaching and preparedness services.
Position requires exceptional interpersonal skills, a hospitality-minded approach, excellent organizational skills and attention to detail. The ideal candidate will have experience working on Capitol Hill and will bring experience in office administration, database system management, program management and event planning.
Key Responsibilities:
• Establish relationships with House employing offices.
• Determine Member office staffing needs through initial assessment and ongoing meetings.
• Drive increased participation in programs and services.
• Create and maintain diversity and inclusion resource materials (diversity and inclusion handbook, best practice documents, etc.) for dissemination to House employing offices.
• Database management for candidate selection and placement.
• Conduct initial assessment for applicants including resume reviews and advising.
Page 9 of 13

Interested candidates should send an email to Diverse.House@mail.house.gov
  with “Professional Staff” in the subject line and include a cover letter, resume,
 and two writing samples. Salary commensurate with experience.
 Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
 candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
  MEM-154-20
• Conduct mock interviews and exit interviews for applicants.
• Represent the Office at internal and external engagements as needed.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree and a combination of knowledge and experience in diversity and inclusion issues in the public and/or private sectors. The individual must be a self-starter with a history of working collaboratively with a diverse cross section of stakeholders. Experience in building consensus and gaining support around challenging issues.
• Experience with program management and implementation.
• Experience with computers and working knowledge of Word, Excel, and social media.
• Management experience in hiring, and supervision of staff.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking a Communications Manager. The communications manager will be responsible for helping to “tell the story” of the office with internal and external audiences.
This individual will develop and drive communications and outreach efforts targeting House Offices, ensuring that they are aware of the ways in which the House Office of Diversity and Inclusion can support diversity objectives.
This individual will also help to communicate the diversity “business case,” and support writing and creative needs for the Office. Successful candidate must be results-driven and proactive in the application of innovative and creative approaches to drive engagement with House Offices.
Key Responsibilities:
• Responsible for the development/production of content across multiple platforms including photography, videos, infographics, and other creative executions for Member offices, events, trainings and research products.
• Manage the Office of Diversity and Inclusion web site, newsletter, and social media platforms. Activity includes drafting and scheduling content, monitoring for mentions, identifying opportunities for engagement, updating follower lists, and keeping up with social media trends.
• Repurpose existing content and find opportunities for new content.
• Support the House D&I program with writing and implementation as
Page 10 of 13

needed.
• Perform other duties and projects as assigned
Qualifications:
 • Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Digital Communications,
 Publishing, or Content Production.
 • Have a strong knowledge of social media and content trends, and emerging
 technologies and platforms. Have a working knowledge of digital and social
 media metrics.
 • The ideal candidate will have a background in photography and video
 production and editing and have a strong focus on storytelling.
 • Experience with social media community management required
 • Excellent writing skills required
 • Design knowledge strongly preferred
 • Extensive experience handling multiple projects from ideation to final
 delivery
 • Knowledge and understanding of Canva, Adobe Creative Cloud apps
 including Premiere Pro, Photoshop, Illustrator, Media Encoder and After
 Effects are preferred.
 Interested candidates should send an email to Diverse.House@mail.house.gov
  with “Communications Manager” in the subject line and include a cover
 letter, resume, a writing sample, and digital portfolio. Salary commensurate
 with experience.
 Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
 candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
  MEM-151-20
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The House Financial Services Committee Majority staff seeks a creative and detail-oriented Deputy Communications Director or Press Secretary (depending on qualifications) with strong media relations and writing skills to be a core part of a four-person communications team carrying out the Committee’s communications strategy on behalf of the Chairwoman.
Responsibilities include but aren’t limited to developing press releases, talking points and written materials; developing content for the Committee’s website and digital platforms; developing and maintaining relationships with national, local, political and minority-focused media; and proactively pitching members of the press on Committee initiatives.
This is not an entry-level position.
Page 11 of 13

  MEM-512-19
Ideal candidates will have prior Capitol Hill or advocacy experience and knowledge of the legislative process; strong oral, writing and proofreading skills; and a positive approach to a busy and fast-paced work environment.
Evening and weekend work is expected.
The Committee is an equal opportunity employer. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to
fscdemresumes@mail.house.gov
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues, among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references.
Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com Position Available: Senior Staff Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills, highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects.
A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required. Equal opportunity employer.
 MEM-428-19
 Page 12 of 13

Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject line.
 Page 13 of 13
