 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-142-20
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 20, 2020
Active, hard-working Member of House Leadership seeks an outstanding Communications Director for a fast-paced office.
Responsibilities include planning and implementing communications strategy across a broad portfolio, working closely with legislative and district staff to effectively communicate the Member’s message, handling daily media inquiries, maintaining relationships with national and local reporters, writing talking points and press releases, pitching op-eds, managing website, producing videos and social media content, planning and pitching press events in DC and the district, overseeing daily clips, and keeping press lists up-to-date.
Ideal applicants will have Hill press experience, strong writing and oral communication skills, the ability to multitask and prioritize under pressure, and a good sense of humor. Connecticut ties are a plus.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a writing sample as one attachment to
ctcommsjob@gmail.com
  Page 1 of 8

MEM-140-20
The Office of Congressman Andy Kim (NJ03) seeks a Digital/Press Assistant to assist the Communications Director in formulating and executing digital and traditional communications efforts for the office.
Responsibilities include creating digital content such as graphics, videos and ads; drafting social media posts and statements; and working with House Franking to get materials approved.
The ideal candidate is a team-player with strong written and verbal communication skills, attention to detail, follow through, self-motivation, ability to multi-task and an even temperament. The candidate should be proficient in digital graphic design and editing programs, as well as in creating ads in social media platforms.
The candidate should have 1-3 years of digital or press experience. The position is located in our Washington, D.C. office and will primarily report to the Communications Director.
The Office of Congressman Andy Kim is an equal opportunity employer, and as such, is committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment.
Please send resume and cover letter to nj03resumes@mail.house.gov with “Digital/Press Assistant” in the subject line.
No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins please.
 MEM-139-20
Southern California Democrat seeks a Director of Constituent Services. Job
 responsibilities include: acting as the representative for the Member;
 answering casework correspondence; meeting with constituents; serving as a
 liaison with federal, district, and local agencies; screening and referring cases,
 when appropriate, to other district offices; preparing reports for the District
 Director on pending cases; assessing casework for problems requiring
 legislative action; and making recommendations to the District Director and
 Chief of Staff.
 The ideal candidate is highly organized, detail-oriented, friendly, has strong written and verbal communication skills in both English and a second language. Preference will be given to candidates who are fluent in Spanish, Farsi, Mandarin, or Korean.
Strong analytical skills and the ability to work independently and as part of a team are also required. This position will have a significant focus on casework and facilitating communications between constituents and federal agencies.
Page 2 of 8

 MEM-137-20
A successful candidate for this position will be empathetic, has the ability to actively listen, problem-solve, and be comfortable documenting casework progression in a database.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3- 5 years of case work experience for a Member of Congress. Preference will be given to candidates who have a degree in social work. Southern California ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to dd45lb@gmail.com with “Director of Constituent Services” in the subject line.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.
The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff, seeks Junior Professional Staff Member for the Consumer Protection Subcommittee staff.
The broad jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes consumer protection generally; motor vehicle safety; consumer product safety; regulation of commercial practices, including sports-related matters; consumer privacy and data security; and travel, tourism, and time. The subcommittee oversees the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and the Federal Trade Commission, among others.
The position requires the handling of substantive legislative and administrative tasks, including staffing hearings and markups, conducting oversight, and drafting legislation.
Qualified candidates must have a minimum of 2-4 years of experience in the House of Representatives, strong writing, analytical, and legislative skills; sound political judgment; a proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with competing priorities; and a willingness to work long hours and weekends.
Candidates should have experience working with relevant public interest groups, relevant agencies, Congress, and industry.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and at least two professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line Consumer Protection Junior PSM Candidate.
 Page 3 of 8

MEM-136-20
New York Democrat seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for their Washington, DC office. Duties include, but not limited to the following: preparing the Member’s daily and monthly schedules, briefing the Member on all scheduling activities and requests of the Washington, DC and district offices, managing all of the Member’s travel and lodging reservations, and maintaining the Member’s files and correspondence.
The ideal candidate must work well under pressure and be willing to work a flexible schedule that includes non-traditional work hours. Qualified applicants should have at least three to five years of related work experience including prior scheduling and professional office experience.
The Scheduler/Executive Assistant will report to the Chief of Staff. Prior Capitol Hill experience and ties to Brooklyn is a plus. This position is based in Washington, DC.
This is a permanent, full-time position. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter and resume to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.
Please place SCHEDULER/EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT in the subject line. NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
 MEM-135-20
Southern California Democrat seeks District Director to oversee all
 operations of the district offices, including the development and
 implementation of policy objectives, strategies and operating plans, as well as
 direct all activities and staff of the district offices.
 This position is responsible for recruiting, hiring, training, and managing
 district staff and ensures that district staff complies with office policies,
 practices, and procedures; represents the Member and/or assigns appropriate
 staff to do so at events or functions through the district as needed.
 Responsibilities include strategizing, developing, and implementing district
 communications and outreach plan for constituents, including casework
 management. This individual also serves as the primary liaison between the
 Congresswoman and constituents and special interest groups in the district;
 and, acts as an advisor for the Congresswoman on local concerns, district
 issues and politics, and other developments throughout the region.
 Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of management experience, a
 strong ability to provide necessary organization, leadership and motivation to
 manage a Congressional office; excellent oral and written communication
 skills; and thorough knowledge of the legislative process. The ideal candidate
 is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing
 Page 4 of 8

  MEM-132-20
to work long hours (including evenings and weekends) in a fast-paced and
 demanding setting. Spanish fluency and Southern California ties are a plus.
 Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing
samples to
CA26Resumes@gmail.com
This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
 diverse backgrounds to apply.
 California Democrat is seeking a talented and highly motivated Press
 Secretary/Digital Director. The person chosen for the position will work
 closely with the Communications Director to develop and execute the
 Congresswoman’s long-term communication plan.
 They will assist with media relations, oversee all video production and
 photography, and be responsible for leading or contributing to regular
 newsletters, mail pieces and reports.
 The Press Secretary/Digital Director will be responsible for a wide range of critical functions, including developing original social media content; designing graphics and web content and maintaining the office’s website.
Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director with drafting press releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds and other materials. Media list maintenance is an important part of this job.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous experience in press or relevant social media experience is required. Qualified applicants must have strong writing, editing, proofreading skills and be proficient in photography, video recording and editing.
They must be detail-oriented, news savvy and able to work in a fast-paced, demanding work setting. A sense of humor and ability to be a team player is a must. Spanish language skills are also a big plus. Like all communications jobs, evening and weekend work will be expected.
Successful applicants will need to demonstrate their writing ability by completing an in person writing and editing test.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter including salary requirements, and two writing samples to ResumeInbox5@mail.house.gov
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
with just “District Director” in the
    subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
 Page 5 of 8

MEM-131-20
The Office of Congressman Greg Pence is seeking a Legislative Correspondent with an exceptional work ethic and strong writing skills to manage all aspects of constituent correspondence in the DC office.
Ideal candidates will have knowledge of the legislative process, excellent writing and organizations skills, and attention to detail.
Duties include but are not limited to processing constituent inquires, drafting correspondence, preparing weekly mail reports, and monitoring floor activity. Preliminary knowledge of IQ is preferred. This is not an entry level position. Indiana ties preferred.
Qualified applicants should submit a resume and writing sample to
gopresumesubmission@gmail.com
Office of Congressman Jim Baird seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, with 2-3 years of Hill experience. This role requires strong writing, research and organizational skills.
Key responsibilities include but not limited to:
•develop and plan legislative initiatives
•monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor •write Floor speeches for the Member
•draft constituent correspondence
•meet with constituents and special interest groups on behalf of the Member
This is not an entry level position. Qualified candidates should include their resume and professional references.
Please send applications to ResumeIN@mail.house.gov with the subject “LA – Rep. Baird”
The legislative counsel will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
 MEM-129-20
 MEM-112-20
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (I-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and self-
 motivated legislative counsel to join our Washington, DC-based policy team.
 Page 6 of 8

 MEM-512-19
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative counsel applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues, among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com Position Available: Senior Staff Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills, highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects.
A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required. Equal opportunity employer.
 MEM-428-19
 Page 7 of 8

Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject line.
 Page 8 of 8
