  House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
  MEM-045-17
MEM-044-17
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 13, 2017
Republican Committee in the House of Representatives seeks staff assistant candidate with strong administrative skills. Must be well-organized, detail- oriented, and a team player. Responsibilities include office administration, scheduling, legislative tracking, and other projects as assigned. Excellent proof reading, writing, and customer service skills required. Please send resumes to edandlresumes@mail.house.gov
Senior Virginia Democrat is seeking a highly motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individual with excellent organizational, oral and written communications skills for a staff assistant position in the Washington, DC office.
Daily tasks include answering calls, conducting and organizing tours, processing constituent requests, incoming and outgoing mail, greeting visitors and aiding the office in various administrative duties. Strong organizational skills are essential, along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Candidates should be team-oriented and have the
 Page 1 of 4

 MEM-043-17
ability to multi-task. Hill experience and ties to Virginia are a plus. Minorities are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and a list of three work references, to VAhilljobs@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please. This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.
The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized Staff Assistant for fast-paced committee office. Responsibilities include front office reception; preparation for committee hearings, markups, meetings and events; training and supervising interns; maintaining files, office supplies and equipment; assisting staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and other duties as assigned. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, attention to detail, professionalism, and strong organizational skills. Hill experience preferred. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or gender identity. The office encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply. Please submit a cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Alma Adams (NC-12) is seeking applicants for District Director. The District Director will oversee management and operation of the District office, serve as a key liaison to local organizations and elected officials, and develop and implement long-term strategic outreach and constituent services plans. Qualified candidates will demonstrate significant management experience, strong oral and written communications skills, self- motivation and familiarity to local and state organizations. In addition, qualified candidates must have prior experience in coalition building, a thorough understanding of the federal legislative process, and in-depth knowledge of Mecklenburg County, North Carolina. The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under pressure, and the flexibility to work long hours, including nights and weekends as needed. Ties to North Carolina’s 12th Congressional District are preferred and the position is based in Charlotte, NC.
To apply for the District Director position, please send cover letter and resume to nchousejobs@gmail.com with “District Director” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with experience. This is NOT an entry-level position. No phone calls, drop-ins or faxes.
The office is an equal opportunity employer. Page 2 of 4
 MEM-039-17
 
MEM-029-17
House Democratic Caucus Vice Chair Linda T. Sánchez (CA-38) is seeking a Press Assistant/Speechwriter to join an aggressive communications team in Washington DC. Responsibilities include drafting talking points, press releases and advisories; managing social media accounts; coordinating press events, and other tasks as assigned. Candidates for this position must have Spanish fluency and possess strong bilingual writing and speaking skills. Prior press experience; Hill or campaign experience and familiarity with social media and digital-based content is strongly preferred. Interested candidates must submit resume, cover letter, up to 3 writing samples in English and Spanish, and 2 examples of social media or digital media work products to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com.
House Democratic Caucus Vice Chair Linda T. Sánchez (CA-38) seeks a motivated, energetic, and detail-oriented Staff Assistant/Driver for the Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include front office duties, conducting Capitol tours, greeting office visitors, and driving the Member within Washington DC. Qualified applicants must be personable, dependable, and able to juggle multiple tasks with competing priorities. California ties and Spanish language proficiency preferred. To apply, please submit resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com.
Seeking Legislative Assistant for fast-paced Member’s office. Portfolio includes foreign affairs, veterans’ affairs, defense, homeland security, international trade and Helsinki Commission. Responsible for floor statements including and beyond portfolio. Candidates must have foreign affairs/legislative experience. Strong written, verbal and analytical skills required. Additionally, candidates should have extraordinary organizational and time management skills, and be a consummate team player. A positive attitude, a sense of humor and excellent people skills are non-negotiable. Minorities and women are encouraged to apply. Candidates should submit a resume with a cover letter and a writing sample to TN09jobs@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or phone calls.
Senior Florida Democrat seeks an energetic, highly-organized, detail-oriented and politically-minded Director of Scheduling and Special Assistant. Responsibilities include preparing and managing the Member’s weekly schedule, ensuring the Member remains on schedule throughout the day and attending to the Member’s daily administrative needs. Providing strategic guidance for short and long term scheduling and planning of the Member’s activities, working with the Member and senior staff on special projects and assignments. This position will work closely with the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of Staff and District Director to ensure efficient and seamless office planning and operations.
 MEM-028-17
MEM-026-17
  MEM-019-17
Page 3 of 4

 MEM-352-16
Qualified applicants should have high energy, a very positive attitude, strong organizational skills, orientation to detail, possess strong verbal and written communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, savvy political instincts, poise and ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and the ability to multi- task. Mastery of Word, Excel, and Outlook are essential. Previous Congressional Scheduling, Executive Assistant and operational experience is required. This is NOT an entry level position. Salary is commensurate with experience. Interested qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, a list of three work references, to FL23resume@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please. This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives. Rep. Elijah E. Cummings, the Ranking Member, is seeking an Investigative Counsel to join the Democratic staff to participate in all matters under the Committee’s jurisdiction, including investigations, hearings, depositions, tran¬scribed interviews, and briefings. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with 2-5 years of investigative or litigation experience. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Investigative Counsel” in the subject line.
 Page 4 of 4
