 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-100-19
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 18, 2019
The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia seeks a Counsel to handle her Judiciary Committee portfolio with a significant focus on immigration. The position will also cover a wide ranging legislative portfolio of issues to be determined. Candidates should have experience drafting, advancing, and analyzing legislation and monitoring legislative developments along with a proven track record of developing ideas for legislation. This is not an entry- level position.
Texas ties and Spanish fluency a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women, minorities, and LGBTQ candidates to apply. Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to
Page 1 of 41

MEM-097-19
Congressman Denny Heck is hiring a Communications Director to work in his Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include communications planning; serving as on-the-record spokesperson and strategic communications advisor; drafting speeches, talking points, and video scripts; drafting press materials such as press releases, statements and media advisories; preparing outreach materials such as email newsletters and mass mailers; preparing memos for national TV appearances; staffing the member during media interviews; and assisting in management of social media accounts.
The communications director will work closely with the press secretary and digital assistant to execute communications plans and responsibilities. The ideal candidate is a strong writer with good press and political judgment. Hill experience and Washington state ties preferred, but not required. Non- traditional hours and occasional travel to the district to be expected. We value diversity and encourage applicants to highlight their diverse background in their applications.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to heck.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the subject line. No drop-ins or phone calls, please.
TX29SG.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “TX-29 Judiciary Counsel” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
  Page 2 of 41

MEM-095-19
Senior Texas Republican is seeking a Staff Assistant that is hardworking and detailed oriented for their Washington office. Staff Assistant will handle administrative tasks and other projects as needed. Candidates should have a working knowledge of a congressional office and preferably, completed a Capitol Hill internship. He or she should be extremely organized and looking to work in a fast-paced environment. Texas ties are preferred. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-092-19
Legislative Correspondent - Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated and organized individual with strong writing, research, and interpersonal skills who can manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure. The legislative correspondent is responsible for responding to constituent mail, including any research necessary to write an adequate response to the mail; monitoring House floor procedures; assisting the legislative director with drafting legislation; meeting with constituents and interested individuals/organizations; preparing congressional record entries; assisting the communications director with updating the website and social media pages; and other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be a results-oriented problem solver and a motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Candidate must have a bachelor's degree, excellent writing and communication skills. Candidate must be a resident of, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
 Page 3 of 41

MEM-090-19
The House Small Business Committee Majority Staff seeks a Deputy Press Secretary/ Digital Strategist to join an active communications office. The individual will help to spearhead the Committee’s digital presence as well as draft press materials such as press releases, talking points, and op-eds. Ideal candidate is a politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative self-starter, who is familiar with social media trends and able to use data to evaluate and improve the digital program. This is a great opportunity for a dynamic staffer with an interest in both the digital and traditional media realms. Ideal candidate will have a minimum of one year of experience working in communications, including working on Capitol Hill, or in government or a campaign environment. Previous digital experience is required. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Qualified applicants should email a resume, cover letter, one writing and one digital sample to hsbcdems@gmail.com with “Deputy Press Secretary/ Digital Strategist” in the subject line.
 MEM-085-19
LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT: Northeast Freshman Democrat on the Agriculture and Education & Labor Committees seeks legislative assistant to handle diverse policy portfolio. Candidates should be accomplished at drafting, advancing, and analyzing legislation, monitoring legislative developments, conducting research, and drafting vote recommendations. Ideal candidates will have strong organizational and time management skills; excellent written and verbal communication skills; positive attitude and disposition suited to the work environment; solid knowledge of the legislative process; and an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in an unpredictable work environment. Connecticut ties are a plus but not required. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested
Page 4 of 41

parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume and two writing samples in a single PDF to CT05employment@gmail.com with the following subject line: First name Last Name - Legislative Assistant. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
 MEM-084-19
Pennsylvania Congressman seeks proactive District Office Manager to implement outreach objectives, strategies and operating plans for the Congressman's district office and direct all activities and staff of the district office. The District Office Manager will represent the Congressman and will assign appropriate staff to do so in the district office as needed and will travel throughout the district at regular intervals to meet with local constituents and stakeholders. The ideal candidate must be strategic and must work well under pressure and handle stress, and work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends. Prior managerial experience, experience with constituent casework, and coalition-building is essential. This is not an entry level position. Interested applicants should send a resume to pa01joblisting@gmail.com
 MEM-083-19
Midwestern Democrat seeks an experienced Executive Assistant for the Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include coordinating and maintaining the Member’s Washington and travel schedule and ensuring the Member has materials, logistics and other support for daily activities. Some driving, including at day and evening events, will be required. Qualified applicants must be highly organized, experienced dealing with high profile individuals and organizations, accustomed to working under tight deadlines and with sensitive information. Several years of Capitol Hill or other relevant
Page 5 of 41

MEM-081-19
Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) is seeking a highly motivated individual with extensive legislative, management, and political experience to join her team as Legislative Director. Responsibilities include overseeing and executing the Congresswoman’s legislative agenda, including her four Energy & Commerce subcommittee assignments, overseeing floor activity, and managing a talented legislative staff. Qualified candidates should have an in-depth knowledge of the legislative process, coalition building, and have the ability to maintain strategic relationships with constituent organizations. This position requires the ability to maintain, update, and advance the Congresswoman’s legislative priorities both short- and long-term. Candidates must be able to meet short deadlines and juggle many priorities in a fast-paced environment. Ties to Delaware are a plus. This is not an entry level position and this is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Salary commensurate with experience. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Legislative Director” in the subject line by COB Wednesday, February 20, 2019. No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.
scheduling and administrative experience are required. To apply, please submit a resume and cover letter to ea.resumes2@mail.house.gov.
  Page 6 of 41

MEM-079-19
The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term calendar in D.C., working with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between commitments, ensure the Member is provided with briefing materials for each event and meeting, assisting with office management responsibilities, and performing other duties as required. Capitol Hill and/or executive assistant experience is preferred.
The ideal candidate would be detail-oriented, able to juggle multiple tasks at once, and be able to handle last minute changes to the Member’s schedule. This position can involve long hours while the Member is in Washington, D.C. This position will report directly to the Chief of Staff and will require availability by phone and email on weekends and evenings.
To apply, please email cover letter, and resume to nj07resumes2018@gmail.com, with the subject line “Scheduler – last name.”
 MEM-078-19
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic (majority)
seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized staff assistant for fast- paced committee office. Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front office such as receptionist duties, answer phone, greet visitors, ensure that office and meeting rooms are kept in order; support staff in preparations for committee events such as hearings, markups, meetings, and events; deliver documents and obtain signatures on letters, training and supervising interns; handle and sort incoming mail, maintaining both digital and paper records and files, maintain office supplies and master basic equipment operations; assist other staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and
Page 7 of 41

other duties as assigned. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, attention to detail, professionalism, and strong organizational skills. Hill experience preferred but not required. Please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov
 MEM-077-19
The Committee on Energy and Commerce Majority seeks an organized and enthusiastic Policy Analyst to assist with a legislative portfolio focusing on energy and environment issues. The position requires handling administrative tasks, but it also entails assisting with substantive legislative tasks and member services. Qualified candidates must have excellent research, writing, analytical, and organizational skills; a proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with competing priorities; and sound political judgment. This is not an entry-level position; relevant Hill, academic, and professional experience preferred. Please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer. Diverse candidates, women, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply.
 MEM-076-19
California office seeks an energetic and organized Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent to join the Washington, DC office.
The position is responsible for answering constituent mail and e-mail and will coordinate with legislative staff to prepare responses. The staffer will organize and sort all incoming constituent inquiries and will ensure that outgoing responses are sent in a timely manner. This position also monitors all incoming correspondence, analyzes trends, and reports findings to senior
Page 8 of 41

MEM-072-19
Staff Assistant position in Congressman Ruppersberger’s District Office (MD-02) located in Timonium, MD – Staff Assistant is responsible for handling the phones and front office functions in a professional and constituent oriented manner. This includes the following functions: greeting visitors, answering the phone and constituent requests for information; monitoring pick-up and delivery of materials; maintaining organization in the front office and assisting with various administrative duties; responsible for scholarship and student loan casework; coordinates Eagle Scout program; writes all recommendation letters; handles flag requests; handles ordering of all office supplies with consent of District Director; maintains files and supply room; and opens and assigns all District Office IQ mail daily.
The Staff Assistant also manages a small casework portfolio requiring interaction between constituents and federal government agencies.
staff and the Member. Additional responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering the telephone, responding to constituent requests for general information, and handling other inquiries. This position also assists with miscellaneous administrative and legislative duties at the request of staff or the Member.
Any interested candidate must be an excellent writer, have a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, be detail-oriented, able to manage multiple and competing tasks, have excellent organizational and proofreading skills, an affinity for multi-tasking, and a good sense of humor.
California ties, Capitol Hill experience, Spanish language fluency, and experience using Intranet Quorum (IQ) are strongly preferred, but not required. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
If interested, please email a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and references to CAJobs@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent” in the subject line. Salary will be commensurate with experience.
 Page 9 of 41

This position also performs the duties of both the Intern Coordinator and the Systems Administrator. He/she manages the internship program for the District Office and is charged with making the internship a valuable educational experience for the intern and acting as a role model for professional office conduct. As Systems Administrator, this person updates and maintains all office computers and the office computer system/network as well as the telephone system. This position also coordinates the filing and indexing of all correspondence and mass mailings and acts as a liaison between the office and House Information Resources.
The Staff Assistant reports directly to the District Director.
Responsibilities:
-Answers and screens telephone calls for the Congressman and other staff members;
-Opens and distributes mail to the appropriate staff member;
-Responds to constituent requests for flags, tours and other infomation; -Orders all office supplies and maintains office equipment;
-Manages office recycling program;
-Coordinates White House tours;
-Maintains the office phones and voice mail;
-Ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member in a timely manner;
-Records visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant information;
-Sends, receives, and distributes materials via the facsimile machine; -Interviews and makes recommendations to the District Director regarding the hiring of interns;
-Trains, orients and handles complaints with interns;
-Assigns daily duties to interns and coordinates with other staff members to plan, assign and evaluate interns’ educational opportunities and work assignments;
-Maintains files on all past or present interns;
-Acts as a liaison between staff and interns;
-Performing other duties as assigned.
Resumes should be sent to Cori Duggins, District Director at
cori.duggins@mail.house.gov
 Page 10 of 41

MEM-070-19
Congressman Tom Malinowski (D-NJ) seeks a Washington, DC-based Legislative Assistant (LA) to manage a demanding portfolio that includes handling the Congressman’s Transportation & Infrastructure Committee, with the possibility of additional issues based on expertise and interest. This is not an entry-level position: previous congressional experience as an LA or legislative correspondent, or equivalent experience working on federal transportation or infrastructure policy, is required. The successful candidate will demonstrate a mature understanding of the legislative and appropriations processes, an ability to work effectively in a fast-paced and high-pressure environment, and a collaborative and team-oriented attitude. Preference will be shown to candidates with ties to New Jersey and/or familiarity with transportation policy issues affecting the state. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to nj07resumes2018@gmail.com; no phone calls or walk-ins, please. Subject line should read “Legislative Assistant - Last Name.” Representative Malinowski is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment.
 MEM-069-19
U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Subcommittee on Government Operations—Subcommittee Staff Director (District of Columbia)
Subcommittee Chairman on the House Committee on Oversight and Reform seeks a Subcommittee Staff Director. The individual will manage the work and staff of the Subcommittee, organize hearings, direct investigations, develop legislation, and coordinate the Subcommittee’s activities with the full committee.
A qualified candidate will have knowledge of the legislative process and be able to plan and execute a vigorous oversight agenda on topics related to
Page 11 of 41

MEM-066-19
Southern Democratic Member seeks a Special Assistant for D.C. office. Successful applicants will have strong organizational and communication skills, an impeccable work ethic, and the ability to juggle multiple tasks simultaneously. Daily tasks staffing at various events and assisting with other duties as assigned by the Member. Candidates must have access to a car and the ability to work long hours while the Member is in Washington, D.C. Interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to nchousejobs@gmail.com. No drop-ins or phone calls, please. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
federal employees, the U.S. Postal Service, federal IT policy, and other matters within the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
Applicants must have significant government or private sector supervisory experience, excellent oral and written communication skills, and strong attention to detail.
Hill experience and JD are preferred but not required. The office is an equal opportunity employer. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
Government.Operations@mail.house.gov.
  Page 12 of 41

MEM-065-19
Congresswoman Diana DeGette (D-CO) seeks a Communications Assistant with extensive digital experience. The position reports directly to the Communications Director and is responsible for assisting in all aspects of the press shop’s day-to-day responsibilities, including: daily media monitoring, drafting and editing news releases and newsletters, and pitching media events. The position is also responsible for maintaining the Congresswoman’s website, managing her various social media accounts and coming up with creative new ways to enhance her new media presence. This is not an entry- level position; ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of experience working with various digital platforms, developing websites, editing videos and managing social media accounts for a political candidate or elected official. Previous Capitol Hill or campaign experience is preferred. Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing samples to Ryan.Brown@mail.house.gov. Please put “Communications Assistant” in the subject line.
 MEM-062-19
Overview
The Office of Congressman G. K. Butterfield’s mission is to improve the lives of our constituents by being a strong advocate for their needs and providing excellent constituent service.
Page 13 of 41

The Outreach and Constituent Services Representative will help the Office achieve its mission by working with other staff to implement a strategic outreach plan throughout the First District, and assist with the management of the office. This position also acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for constituent casework. This position is based in Durham, NC or Wilson, NC.
Specific Responsibilities
Outreach
•Attends meetings and events to increase the visibility of the Congressman and his office.
•Helps identify district events that should be added to the Congressman's schedule and makes recommendations to the Director of Community Engagement.
•Maintains a calendar of community events and recommends attendance by district staff.
•Staffs the Congressman while in the district, which may require work on evenings and weekends.
•Screens district media, and interacts with constituents, to identify and disseminate information about important issues impacting the district. •Maintains a database of local organizations, community leaders, and religious institutions.
•Prepares documents that will be presented at events.
•Prepares briefing materials for the Congressman before district events. •Documents events including taking notes, photos and recording videos.
Constituent Services
•Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area of responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies.
•Handles casework assignments and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner.
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of importance to the office.
•Helps coordinate tours for families of the District and process Flag requests. •Prepares condolences, certificates, proclamations, letters of recommendation and support, birthday and anniversary acknowledgements, and other special recognitions and greetings on behalf of the Congressman.
•Answers constituent calls throughout the day, answers constituent requests for general information, and records callers’ opinions.
•Helps to coordinate events such as Congressional Arts Competition, Service Academy Nominations and Town Hall events.
Page 14 of 41

Administrative
•Helps with general administrative support for staff, specifically the Systems Administrator, Scheduler, District Director, and the Congressman.
•Works with staff to procure supplies and equipment, and to maintain and update office equipment inventory
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVILANT EXPERIENCE):
Strong academic credentials; work requires administrative and organizational skills generally acquired through completion of a bachelor's degree program. Alternatively, an equivalent combination of relevant education and experience will be considered.
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
•Have strong North Carolina ties, particularly in Durham and/or the eastern North Carolina.
•Have a strong commitment to public service and willingness to work with a diverse population.
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
•Interest in the legislative process and House organization and procedures. •Interest in local, state and federal agencies and departments.
•Knowledge of important issues in the district.
•Professional telephone matter.
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
•Be willing to drive long distances throughout a large and mostly rural district.
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of casework responsibilities.
HOW TO APPLY:
Representative Butterfield is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Interested candidates should upload (1) a resume (no longer than 1 page) and (2) a cover letter (no longer than 1 page) at this link here.
https://airtable.com/shr1pZfMzeX0nFRIz
 Page 15 of 41

MEM-061-19
The Office of Congressman G. K. Butterfield (D-NC) seeks an energetic, organized, and creative Digital Media Assistant to join the Washington, DC office. The Digital Media Assistant will be responsible for assisting the communications team with digital outreach.
Responsibilities include producing graphics and videos to amplify the Member’s legislative work, as well as leading photography at events. The assistant may also be responsible for answering the phones, leading Capitol tours, preparing letters of greetings, condolences, and congratulations on behalf of the Member, and other tasks as needed.
Candidates must be excellent writers, have a demonstrated interest in digital media work, be detail-oriented, and have an ability to manage multiple competing tasks. Must be proficient in photo editing tools, e-newsletter platforms (i.e. Constant Contact, IQ, and Mail Chimp), graphic design tools (i.e. Photoshop and Canva), and video editing tools (i.e. iMovie and Premiere Pro).
North Carolina ties and Capitol Hill experience preferred, but not required.
Applicants should submit their resume, cover letter and two work product samples here
https://airtable.com/shrHWTEO6eTg37TsJ
The Office of Congressman G. K. Butterfield (D-NC) seeks an energetic and organized Legislative Correspondent to join the Washington, DC office. The Legislative Correspondent will be responsible for answering constituent mail and e-mail and will coordinate with legislative staff to prepare responses. The Legislative Correspondent will organize and sort all incoming constituent inquiries and will ensure that outgoing responses are sent in a timely manner. This position also monitors all incoming correspondence, analyzes trends, and reports findings to senior staff and the Congressman.
 MEM-060-19
Page 16 of 41

 MEM-059-19
Additional responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering the telephone, responding to constituent requests for general information, and handling other inquiries. This position also assists with miscellaneous administrative and legislative duties at the request of staff or the Congressman.
Any interested candidate must be an excellent writer, have a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, be detail-oriented, have the ability to manage multiple and competing tasks, and have excellent organizational and proofreading skills.
North Carolina ties, Capitol Hill experience, and experience using Intranet Quorum (IQ) are preferred, but not required.
Any interested applicant should be a team player.
Applicants should submit their resume, cover letter and two work product
samples here https://airtable.com/shrt1D4y1Towvo8e3
Staff Assistant – Progressive Democrat seeking a Staff Assistant. Responsibilities include assisting legislative staff, hiring and managing a team of interns, answering the phone, greeting visitors, leading tours, processing flag requests, and handling other administrative tasks as assigned. Applicants should have a strong organizational and writing skills, an affinity for multi- tasking, and a good sense of humor. Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District a plus as is Hill experience. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and a writing sample of no more than two pages to tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov. Please write “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. Please be aware this office has a dog. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
 Page 17 of 41

MEM-057-19
Progressive U.S. Member of Congress has an immediate opening for a highly motivated Outreach Representative to join their District Office. This is a full-time position.
Duties for this position include, but are not limited to: attending community outreach events on behalf of the Member and District Office; working with local businesses, merchant associations, community organizations, and agencies to assist them in navigating the services provided by the federal government; organizing and participating in community projects and events; and developing and executing outreach strategies with the Outreach Director. Other qualifications include strong communication, writing and presentation skills, event planning experience, and knowledge of the District and the greater Brooklyn area.
The Outreach Representative will also serve as liaison to Community Boards, Precincts Councils and Block Associations.
Valid driver’s license preferred. Fluency in Haitian Creole or Russian is highly preferred.
Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is required.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected by law.
Please send resume and cover letter to NYDemocrat@mail.house.gov
Progressive U.S. Member of Congress has an immediate opening for a highly- motivated Constituent Services Representative to join their District Office. This is a full-time position.
Must have extraordinary interpersonal skills, be customer service oriented, be highly-motivated and organized, exhibit a professional demeanor and work ethic. Excellent writing skills are required. Other qualifications include strong analytical skills and experience with casework pertaining to issues such as immigration, veterans’ affairs, social security, housing, and more. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: developing and executing constituent services plans with Constituent Services Director, responding to constituent casework, meeting with constituents, as well as working with local
  MEM-056-19
Page 18 of 41

 MEM-055-19
and federal agencies to navigate relevant services provided. Valid driver’s license preferred. Fluency in Haitian Creole or Russian is highly preferred. Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is required.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected by law.
Please send resume and cover letter to NYDemocrat@mail.house.gov
Moderate Freshman Midwest Democrat in competitive district seeks Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse slate of policy areas. Responsibilities of this position include drafting and analyzing legislation, working closely with district and DC stakeholders and district staff, meeting regularly with constituents, including travel to the district, preparing written and in-person briefings for a very active Member, and tracking timely developments in issue areas. Issue areas may include but are not limited to financial services, budget, tax, foreign policy, defense, veterans affairs, immigration, criminal justice and civil rights, and democracy reform. This is not an entry-level position. Previous policy experience on the Hill is preferred. We are an equal opportunity employer.
To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to Michigan11Jobs@gmail.com with Legislative Assistant Application in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
A Texas Democrat seeks an experienced Military Legislative Assistant to oversee a wide-ranging policy portfolio including Armed Services Committee work. This is not an entry-level position and a minimum of 3 years of legislative or equivalent experience is required. Responsibilities include staffing member in committee, drafting bills, tracking legislation, writing talking points, providing vote recommendations, and meeting with constituents and interest groups. Ideal candidates will have excellent research
 MEM-049-19
Page 19 of 41

 MEM-046-19
and writing skills, and the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Former military service, Texas ties, and an active security clearance are a plus. To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to TX16Resumes@gmail.com and write “Military Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
Press/Digital Assistant – Progressive Democrat and Senior Member of the House Judiciary Committee is seeking a Press/Digital Assistant to work closely with the Communications Director to elevate the Member’s communications operation. Duties will include monitoring and maintenance of the Member’s social media accounts, drafting and posting content for social media, producing graphics and videos, maintaining the website, compiling daily press clips, meticulously proofreading and fact-checking written materials (including letters, social media posts, press releases, newsletters, talking points, and more), creating e-newsletters and franked mailings, creating targeted mailing lists for mass outreach campaigns, and other responsibilities assigned. The ideal candidate will be organized, detail- oriented, tech-savvy, able to work long hours in a fast-paced environment, have superior writing and proofreading skills and the ability to work closely with a communications and legislative team. Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District, previous congressional or campaign experience, and photography/videography/graphic design skills strongly preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, 2 writing samples, an original graphic and/or video, and sample tweets to tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov. Please write “Press/Digital Assistant” in the subject line. Please be aware this office has a dog. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
 Page 20 of 41

MEM-024-19
MEM-011-19
Democratic House member from California seeks pro-active, experienced Communications Director to develop and implement strategic media plan in a fast-paced and results -driven environment. Must have proven track-record, and ability to manage website and social media tools. Outstanding writing skills and strong pitching skills are required. This is not an entry level position. Qualified candidates should submit resume and cover letter to commstaffer@gmail.com.
Congresswoman Diana DeGette seeks a District Director based in her Denver office. The full job description is below. The ideal candidate will be creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be able to have fun while maintaining a busy schedule. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to degettedistrictdirectorsearch@gmail.com.
SUMMARY:
The District Director manages all aspects of district office operations including community outreach, casework, and staff oversight and represents the Congresswoman at events and meetings throughout the community.
Essential Management Functions
•Manages district office staff; including planning, assigning and directing work. addressing complaints; and resolving problems.
•Manages district office budget and finances.
•Manages the Congresswoman’s schedule in coordination with the district scheduler.
•Manages staff outreach to the local community with the assistance of the outreach coordinator.
•Oversees the management of constituent casework with the Deputy District Director coordinator.
•Ensures clear communication with the DC office and regular reporting of district office activities to the Congresswoman.
•Coordinates closely with DC staff to develop and implement the overall strategic plan for the Congresswoman’s staff.
Additional Essential Job Functions
•Initiates and maintains key relationships with elected and non-elected leaders in the congressional district.
•Develops a keen understanding of the local political climate and the needs and concerns of all the constituencies within the congressional district.
  Page 21 of 41

MEM-009-19
•Actively promotes the Congresswoman’s legislative goals and accomplishments in the local community.
•Maintains direct outreach connections with specific constituencies as assigned based on experience and the needs of the office.
•Represents the Congresswoman and/or assigns appropriate staff to do so in meetings and at events with elected officials and local groups in the district. •Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends. •Assists constituents as needed.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Democratic Chair-elect of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks to fill a Clerk opening on the Full Committee staff. Duties include assisting with the preparation and conduct of markups, assisting with hearing preparation, maintaining and archiving Committee records, assisting with the printing of Committee documents, and executing other administrative duties as needed. Applicants should possess strong organizational and communication skills, the ability to work under tight deadlines, and be able to multi-task effectively. Hill experience is required. Previous clerking experience is strongly preferred. Please send a resume and cover letter to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This position will close on January 9, 2019.
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Senior Health LA for Washington office. Not an entry level job. Law degree a plus. Email cover letter, resume, and three references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins please) Reply with subject line, Senior Health LA.
 MEM-006-19
 Page 22 of 41

MEM-456-18
The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently seeking a Deputy Clerk to assist the Chief Clerk in the 116th Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to archiving and records keeping, notices and circulations, official filings, editing letters and reports, hearing, markup and conference logistics and proceeding, bill drops and floor logistics, redlines, updates to the website, managing intern and fellowship program, maintaining the documents room, updating and maintaining the Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned. Candidates should possess exceptional organizational skills, be comfortable with public speaking, and have excellent writing and research skills. The Deputy clerk will be required to assume all clerking duties in the absence of the Chief Clerk. Previous congressional experience is highly encouraged. Salary commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and writing sample to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. To ensure proper identification, please put “DEPUTY CLERK APPLICATION” in the subject line.
 Page 23 of 41
