 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-297-18
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 27, 2018
Maryland Democratic Congressman looking for Constituent Engagement Officer (CEO) to serve as the grassroots extension of the member in his district located in the DC suburbs. They are his “eye and ears” for issues on the ground. They are a consistent presence at events in the district, develops and maintains relationships with local government officials and community leaders. They always reflect well on the member with their responsiveness, professionalism and courteousness. CEOs also provide excellent constituent service through the management of casework in assigned issue areas and work with federal and local agencies to ensure constituents receive a response to their inquiry. They may also be assigned to short-term or special projects, including planning events, authoring correspondence and other related duties. CEOs are hard-working and dedicated team players, committed to the goals of the office and to improving the lives of the residents of the district.
*CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:*
Page 1 of 6

 MEM-296-18
MEM-288-18
• To serve as a local representative for the member in defined geographic areas, which are subject to change based on the needs of the office;
• To manage casework within an assigned portfolio;
• To monitor and update the Member and District Director on district
and local issues;
Interested candidates should submit their resume as soon as possible to
md.jobposting@mail.house.gov. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.
Southern Republican seeks Staff Assistant/Press Assistant: The position will be responsible for greeting visitors, answering the telephone, responding to constituent requests for information, planning and giving tours of the Capitol, maintaining the front office, and assisting with various administrative duties. Additionally, the individual will assist the Communications Director with various press tasks, including writing, social media, press clips, and more. Alabama ties are strongly preferred. Interested applicants should send resume to gopjob1824@gmail.com.
The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking to immediately fill a full-time job opening for an entry-level Staff Assistant based in her District Office- Norwalk, CA
Position Description
The Staff Assistant position is primarily charged with (but not limited to) answering phones, greeting constituents and visitors, sorting incoming mail, writing correspondence, managing interns, and assisting the District Office staff with additional tasks. Successful candidates will possess strong communication skills, the ability to multitask, attention to detail, political instinct, the ability to prioritize in a fast-paced environment, work cooperatively and courteously with others and temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
Caseworker: Casework responsibilities involve assisting constituents of the 38th Congressional District resolve problems with federal agencies or find the appropriate state or local contact for non-federal issues. The candidate should be persistent and detail-orientated, and put a priority on facilitating resolutions and expediting priority requests. Knowledge of California state and federal government agencies and experience in customer service will be highly regarded.
Minimum Qualifications
• Office/administrative experience
• Strong organizations skills; attention to detail.
    Page 2 of 6

  MEM-285-18 MEM-284-18
• Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
• Strong communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
• Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government agencies and structure (county, state, and federal).
• Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects simultaneously, and work under pressure.
• Candidates should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to excellence, upbeat demeanor, flexibility, and sense of humor.
• Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college or university with a bachelor’s degree.
• Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.
To Apply
Interested applicants should submit their resume and cover letter via email to: CA38Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in the title of the position in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins accepted.
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Senior LA for Washington office. Not an entry level job. Law degree a plus. Email cover letter, resume, and three references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins please).
Senior Democratic Congressman who serves as Ranking Member on a full committee seeks an experienced, energetic and creative Press Secretary to work in a fast-paced press operation. The ideal candidate should be entrepreneurial and aggressive in generating ideas that yield media coverage, promoting the Member’s agenda through traditional and social media, and raising the Member’s national profile. The Press Secretary will be responsible for all facets of daily press operation including: media strategy development and implementation; serving as primary spokesperson for national and local media; coordinating press conferences; pitching story ideas; managing coverage of legislative action and events; and drafting statements, releases, speeches, opinion editorials and responses to articles. This is not an entry-level position. The candidate must have previous Capitol Hill experience, extensive media contacts and background working with both print and electronic media. Excellent oral and written communications skills and the ability to work in a high pressure, team-oriented environment while juggling multiple tasks are required. On-the-record experience preferred. To
 Page 3 of 6

  MEM-282-18
MEM-281-18
apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Press Secretary” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.
Democratic Member of Congress seeks Legislative Director. Ideal candidate will have significant Appropriations and Capitol Hill experience. Looking for a team player to add to an already dynamic and fast paced
environment. Additional knowledge on Homeland and DOD issues are a bonus but not required. This office considers all applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. To apply please send resume, cover letter and 3 references to texasdem18@gmail.com.
The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized Staff Assistant for fast-paced committee office. Responsibilities include front office reception; preparation for committee hearings, markups, meetings and events; training and supervising interns; maintaining files, office supplies and equipment; assisting staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and other duties as assigned. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, attention to detail, professionalism, and strong organizational skills. Hill experience preferred. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or gender identity. The office encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply. Please submit a cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
Rep. Tom McClintock is seeking a Legislative Correspondent in his DC office to manage all aspects of constituent correspondence and handle a small legislative portfolio. Ideal candidates will have knowledge of the legislative process, excellent writing and organizational skills, strong attention to detail, and familiarity with Intranet Quorum (IQ). Duties include, but are not limited to, processing incoming correspondence through Intranet Quorum (IQ), drafting timely responses, reviewing and writing legislation, and meeting with constituents on policy matters. Please email resumé and cover letter to ca04resumes@gmail.com.
Senior Democratic Member seeks Policy Advisor to serve in personal office and on Committee staff. Position will develop and implement legislative initiatives, conduct oversight and investigations, write floor speeches and committee statements, and handle meetings with constituents and interest groups on behalf of Member. Portfolio will likely include health, social security, labor and workforce, energy and the environment, and agriculture and nutrition. An advanced degree and exceptional writing ability required. Hill experience strongly preferred. To apply, please email a cover letter and
  MEM-270-18
 MEM-264-18
Page 4 of 6

 MEM-263-18
resume with the words “Policy Advisor” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.
Senior Democratic Congressman who serves as Ranking Member on a full committee seeks an experienced, energetic and creative Press Secretary to work in a fast-paced press operation. The ideal candidate should be entrepreneurial and aggressive in generating ideas that yield media coverage, promoting the Member’s agenda through traditional and social media, and raising the Member’s national profile. The Press Secretary will be responsible for all facets of daily press operation including: media strategy development and implementation; serving as primary spokesperson for national and local media; coordinating press conferences; pitching story ideas; managing coverage of legislative action and events; and drafting statements, releases, speeches, opinion editorials and responses to articles. This is not an entry-level position. The candidate must have previous Capitol Hill experience, extensive media contacts and background working with both print and electronic media. Excellent oral and written communications skills and the ability to work in a high pressure, team-oriented environment while juggling multiple tasks are required. On-the-record experience preferred.
To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Press Secretary” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.
Military Legislative Assistant – GOP Congressman Office Congressional staff experience required for candidates to be considered for this job opening.
The duties of this position would include directly staffing the Congressman on the Appropriations Committee for defense, veterans, and foreign affairs policy issues. Several other policy areas would be included in legislative portfolio for this position.
Please send your resume to GOPCongressionalJob@gmail.com.
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a professional and dynamic executive assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The executive assistant will be responsible for efficient and accurate management of all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term schedule, meeting logistics, maintaining files and drafting correspondence, greeting visitors, answering phones, and contributing to other miscellaneous projects as needed. The person also will be involved in scheduling staff meetings and
 MEM-250-18
 MEM-179-18
Page 5 of 6

briefings, and helping constituents with their visits to Washington, DC, among other duties.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, flexible, and calm under pressure. The applicant must possess excellent communication and time-management skills, a sense of urgency and the ability to work independently with sound judgment and minimal direction, and the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Two years of experience in an administrative or scheduling role is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to applydc@amash.com. Please include "executive assistant applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
 Page 6 of 6
