  House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
  MEM-265-15
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 24, 2015
Democratic Member has an opening for a Legislative Assistant to handle a portfolio of judiciary issues and health care, among other
issues.
The ideal candidate will have a law degree, previous Hill experience, and ties to Maryland.
Please send cover letter with salary expectations, resume, two short writing samples, and a list of references with subject line “Legislative Assistant” to 4mdresumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop bys, please.
Colorado Republican seeking Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant with strong writing skills. Responsibilities include: management of constituent mail and social media accounts; execution of 499 program; drafting op-eds, press releases, and talking points; coordinating media efforts;
 Responsibilities will include developing and tracking legislative
 initiatives, preparing briefing materials, representing the member in meetings
 with interested parties, and writing constituent mail and floor statements.
 An ability to work well with others in a fast-paced team environment and
 strong writing skills, as well as a sense of humor, are a must.
 MEM-261-15
Page 1 of 6

 MEM-255-15
and working directly with the Communications Director. Applicants should be able to write quickly and effectively in a fast paced environment. Colorado ties and Hill experience a plus.
Please send a cover letter, writing sample, and resume to ColoradoRepublican06@gmail.com.
The office of Congressman Jeff Denham (CA-10) seeks a motivated, organized, reliable and detail-oriented candidate to fill the position of Press Assistant/Legislative Correspondent in Washington, D.C.
The press assistant will assist the communications director in drafting statements and releases, creating graphics, compiling daily clips, preparing remarks and implementing social media strategies. This individual will also assist with an aggressive franked mail program and with legislative research.
Ideal candidate will have strong writing skills, familiarity with IQ and graphic design experience. Hill experience and familiarity with Spanish language preferred but not required.
Please send your resume, cover letter and a brief writing sample to Jordan.langdon@mail.house.gov.
The Committee on Agriculture, Majority, of the U.S. House of Representatives seeks an experienced individual to serve as Deputy Press Secretary. The Deputy Press Secretary will be responsible for, but not limited to, the following duties: compile news clips; create visually compelling graphics, videos, and photographs; maintain the database of reporter contact information; help the Press Secretary update social media; send out press releases; update and post materials on the website; and help the Press Secretary and Communications Director at Committee hearings and markups.
Candidates should have strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills; strong communication skills; knowledge of Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign and the ability to create graphics and presentations; proficiency in AP style; an understanding of print, broadcast, and online media; a thorough knowledge of the legislative process, including procedures and organization of the House; knowledge of current issues and events in which the Committee is involved; a willingness to learn; and the ability to receive constructive criticism. Candidates should work well under pressure. They should also have the ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the representation of the Chairman’s position on policy issues.
Candidates should have the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others and a temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful and professional manner.
 MEM-254-15
Page 2 of 6

 MEM-249-15
Location: Washington, D.C.
Closing Date: September 1, 2015
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Instructions:
Interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to AgRepublicanPressJob@mail.house.gov.
The body of the email must include the name and contact information for 3 references. Reference letters will not be accepted.
Include 2-3 writing samples of relevant press materials.
No telephone calls, faxes, or drop-ins, please.
Active Texas Democrat seeking enthusiastic, well-organized Legislative Assistant in a fast-paced team-oriented office. Applicant must be able to multi-task, have strong work ethic and the ability to work flexible hours.
Ideal candidate should have at least 1-2 years of Hill legislative experience coupled with some knowledge of finance and healthcare policy. This is NOT an entry-level position. Individual interested in this position must have strong written and oral communication skills and the ability to work under pressure to meet deadlines. Job description includes assisting the Legislative Director/Deputy Chief of Staff in managing the Congressman’s legislative agenda, drafting talking points, floor statements, Congressional Record entries, briefing memos, hearing questions as well as representing the Congressman at meetings both on and off the hill and in the district. Texas ties are a plus.
Please e-mail resume and cover letter to TXLegislativeAssistant@Mail.House.Gov.
NO PHONE CALLS OR DROP-BYS PLEASE.
Republican Member seeks a highly-qualified individual to serve as scheduler.
The scheduler will work closely with the Chief of Staff to manage and prepare the Member’s schedule, respond to scheduling requests and proactively arrange meetings, arrange the Member’s travel, coordinate with district staff, and maintain administrative demands. This is not an entry level position. Qualified candidates will have at least one year of Capitol Hill scheduling experience, knowledge of the Congressional work setting, and ability to juggle multiple demands under pressure. Maturity, confidentiality, and discretion are essential. Owning or having consistent access to a car is preferred, as well as ties to the Northeast.
POC for resumes submission: Matt.Hutson@mail.house.gov. Page 3 of 6
 MEM-248-15
 
MEM-245-15
West Coast Democrat is seeking highly organized, hard-working legislative director with extensive knowledge of the legislative process and House Rules. Applicants must have LD experience or a minimum of 3 years Senior LA experience and demonstrate an ability to manage and mentor staff, think strategically, develop and implement legislative plans and achieve results.
A successful candidate will have excellent writing, analytical, and oral communications skills along with a good sense of humor.
Salary commensurate with experience.
.
West Virginia Republican Congressman is accepting applications for a staff assistant for his Washington, D.C. office. Duties will include managing front office desk, answering telephones, greeting visitors, conducting and organizing tours, processing flag requests and assisting D.C. staff with various projects. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills, time management skills, and writing skills. West Virginia ties are preferred.
Please send a cover letter and resume to WV03Job@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” listed in the subject header. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
Tennessee Democratic Congressman seeks a staff assistant for his Washington, D.C. office. Duties will include managing front desk, greeting visitors, answering telephones, conducting and organizing tours, processing flag requests, assisting the D.C. staff on various projects, maintaining office equipment and supplies, writing member’s correspondence, and serving as intern coordinator. Applicants should have extraordinary organizational skills, outstanding time management skills, excellent writing skills, superlative communications skills, familiarity with the Microsoft Office Suite, a positive attitude and a sense of humor.
Please e-mail cover letter and resume to cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov. Absolutely no phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins, please.
Northern California Democrat Seeks Legislative Correspondent –
Primary responsibilities include coordinating an active mail program with quick response time, researching legislative issues, and drafting responses to constituent inquires. Candidates should have excellent organizational and written skills and the ability to work well as part of a team. This is not an entry level job and previous Hill experience is preferred.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and two recent writing samples to CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.
 MEM-244-15
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and two short writing samples
 to westcoastdem2015@gmail.com
  MEM-221-15
 MEM-213-15
 Page 4 of 6

MEM-210-15
Congressman Xavier Becerra is seeking to immediately fill a full-time job opening for a Staff Assistant position in his district office.
Position Description:
As the primary administrative staff member in the District Office, Staff Assistant duties include (but are not limited to): answer phones; handle mail and faxes; greet and direct visitors; maintain order and efficiency of front and back offices; order supplies; organize office files; coordinate vendor service needs; research the status of some legislation; draft some correspondence. Work on special projects as needed. In the absence of the District Scheduler, the Staff Assistant will serve as back-up and help facilitate any scheduling requests.
Casework duties include (but are not limited to): Assist constituents with their individual cases pertaining to federal agencies. As the “front-line” caseworker, help constituents with non-federal questions to find appropriate resources.
This position may require work on weekends and holidays.
Qualifications:
Strong written, communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer service manners. Bachelor’s degree required. Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point. Candidate must have an understanding of government agencies and structure (local, county, state and federal). Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be able to meet strict deadlines and balance multiple projects. Attention to detail and accuracy is essential. Candidate should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to excellence, upbeat demeanor and flexibility. Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant. Bilingual skills a plus.
To apply:
All interested individuals should email a cover letter and resume to
Resume.California@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
Conservative Texan is seeking a Legislative Assistant for his Washington, DC office. Legislative responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, Agriculture, Energy, Taxes, Judiciary, Environment, and Veterans issues, as well as, drafting memos and providing voting recommendations. Candidates must possess strong writing and organizational skills. Capitol Hill experience and Texas ties are strongly preferred.
 MEM-207-15
Page 5 of 6

 MEM-197-15
All prospective applicants can email cover letter, resume, and writing sample to TXGOPJob@gmail.com.
Rep. Keith Ellison (MN-05) is accepting applications for an Executive Assistant/Office Manager position. The Executive Assistant/Office Manager will manage and prepare the Member’s schedule, respond to all scheduling requests, arrange the Member’s travel, and provide and assist with local travel. The Executive Assistant/Office Manager will order and maintain office supplies, will maintain office personnel files, and will work closely with the staff assistant and interns. This position requires candidates with proven experience in administrative roles, knowledge of the Congressional work setting, and comfort working one-on-one with the Member and his Chief of Staff. Strong written and oral communication skills, superior organizational skills, attention to detail, ability to work in an extremely fast paced office, and flexibility to work late hours on short notice
are necessary for the position. Owning or having consistent access to a car is required. This is not an entry level position. Minnesota ties a plus.
Please send resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to mn05position@mail.house.gov. Please include references.
Established Member of Congress from the southeastern US seeks an experienced staffer for a Legislative Director position. Only current/previous Legislative Directors or Senior Legislative Assistants with experience will be considered. LD will be responsible for driving member legislative initiatives, briefing the member on all policy matters, meeting with relevant public interest groups and constituents, providing real time vote recommendations, and assisting the Chief of Staff on policy matters.
Position requires a comprehensive knowledge of House procedures as well as a working knowledge of all current issues debated in the House. Team- oriented skill, outgoing personality, and attention to detail are requirements and staff members with ties to the southeast will be given special consideration.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and salary requirements to USHouseStaffJob@gmail.com.
 MEM-153-15
 Page 6 of 6
