 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-392-16
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 5, 2016
Ranking Democratic Member of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks to fill a Staff Assistant opening on the Full Committee staff. Duties include acting as the clerk for each hearing, communicating with Member offices, managing the front office, answering phones, hiring and managing interns, maintaining correspondence system and Committee records, assisting staff with research, and executing other administrative duties as needed. Applicants should possess strong organizational and communication skills, the ability to work under tight deadlines, and be able to multi-task effectively. An interest in science policy is required and Hill experience is a plus. Please send a resume and cover letter to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This position will close on January 15, 2017.
Midwestern Democratic Member of Congress seeks qualified and experienced executive assistant/scheduler with strong communication and organizational skills for the Washington, DC office. Ideal candidates will have at least three (5) years of experience as an executive assistant and/or scheduler/office manager, be detail oriented, have a strong work ethic, and be able to thrive in
 MEM-390-16
Page 1 of 6

 MEM-389-16
a fast paced work environment. Responsibilities include managing the Member’s daily schedule, arranging travel, coordinating all Member level meetings and event requests, as well as other duties as assigned. Access to a car is required as the position will involve driving the Member. Midwestern ties are a plus. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. For consideration, email a cover letter and resume to MI.Opening@gmail.com
Please write “Executive Assistant/Scheduler Position” in the subject line. Please No calls or drop-ins.
Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated and organized individual with strong writing and interpersonal skills who can manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure. The legislative associate is responsible for responding to constituent mail, including any research necessary to write an adequate response to the mail; monitoring House floor procedures; assisting the legislative director with drafting legislation; meeting with constituents and interested individuals/organizations; preparing congressional record entries; assisting the communications director with updating the website and Facebook and Twitter pages; and other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be a results-oriented problem solver and a motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Candidate must have a bachelor's degree, excellent writing and communication skills. Candidate must be a resident of, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two writing samples to (202) 225-1129(fax) or DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. of California seeks a Caseworker for his Palm Desert, CA District Office. Successful candidates will have previous experience in social work, familiarity with federal agencies, excellent written and oral communication skills, and be team-oriented. Prior experience working for state or local government is a plus. Candidates with fluency or strong verbal and written proficiency in Spanish are preferred. In addition, strong knowledge or connection with Riverside County and California’s 36th Congressional District is a plus. Availability for evening and weekend assignments maybe required at times.
Caseworkers in the Office of Congressman Ruiz assist constituents by navigating complex casework through federal agencies in areas such as veterans affairs, social security, housing, and immigration. Caseworkers also assess casework and community activities for matters warranting legislative action.
Interested candidates should send their resumes and cover letter to CARuiz.Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please write “Caseworker” in the subject line of your email message.
 MEM-386-16
 Page 2 of 6

MEM-374-16
Please NO walk-ins, faxes or phone calls. The Office of Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) is an equal opportunity employer.
Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Small Business seeks a professional staff member to handle procurement policy, with an emphasis on small business contracting issues. Subject matter experience in federal set- aside programs, federal agency buying practices, and federal acquisition policy is strongly preferred. The candidate must possess superior writing and analytic abilities, including strong organizational and interpersonal skills. Experience with hearing preparation and legislative development is a plus. To apply, please email cover letter and resume to procurement.job@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Deadline for applications: Monday, December 12, 2016
Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. of California seeks a Caseworker for his Palm Desert, CA District Office. Successful candidates will have previous experience in social work, familiarity with federal agencies, excellent written and oral communication skills, and be team-oriented. Prior experience working for state or local government is a plus. Candidates with fluency or strong verbal and written proficiency in Spanish are preferred. In addition, strong knowledge or connection with Riverside County and California’s 36th Congressional District is a plus. Availability for evening and weekend assignments maybe required at times.
Caseworkers in the Office of Congressman Ruiz assist constituents by navigating complex casework through federal agencies in areas such as veterans affairs, social security, housing, and immigration. Caseworkers also assess casework and community activities for matters warranting legislative action.
Interested candidates should send their resumes and cover letter to CARuizjobs@mail.house.gov. Please write “Caseworker” in the subject ling of your email message.
Please NO walk-ins, faxes or phone calls. The Office of Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) is an equal opportunity employer.
Senior California Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior Legislative Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the Financial Services Committee and other issues. Candidates should have substantial experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply, please e-mail a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to HouseFinancialServicesLA@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Multi-term Southern Republican House Member seeks Communications Director with previous Capitol Hill experience
 MEM-373-16
 MEM-372-16
 MEM-367-16
Page 3 of 6

 MEM-365-16
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to manage and coordinate all communications activities, including media contacts, for the Member and the office
QUALIFICATIONS:
• at least 2 years of congressional experience and one year of experience as a Communications Director or Press Secretary
• strong academic credentials
• strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills
• strong oral communication skills
• understanding of print and broadcast media with a current working list of Washington and national media contacts
• thorough knowledge of legislative process
• knowledge of current issues and events in which the Member is involved
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the representation of the Member's positions on policy issues
• availability to work long hours
• ability to work well under pressure
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with office staff, constituents, and media.
DUTIES:
• acts as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member
• develops and implements media and communications strategy for the Member
• remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the Member may be questioned
• evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the nation for their impact on the Member
• provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's actions and legislative activities
• writes speeches for the Member
• supervises Press Assistant and online/social media presence
USHouseStaffJob@gmail.com
House Leadership Democrat seeks highly motivated and experienced Communications Director to handle press inquiries, speech-writing, social media, and message development and strategy for both Washington and the District. The Communications Director will be working with our communications team to coordinate and execute the Member’s overall communication efforts.
Candidates must have excellent writing skills, on-the-record press experience, strong political instincts, and new media experience.
Candidates must thrive in a fast-moving, aggressive communications environment; be team-oriented, nimble, creative and strategic; and have a positive, can-do attitude.
This position provides an opportunity to work for a highly engaged, energetic Page 4 of 6

 MEM-361-16
Member of Congress and who has a successful record of improving the lives of women, children, seniors and fighting for the middle-class. Equal opportunity employer. Salary commensurate with experience. Hill experience and Spanish literacy is a positive. Please send resume and to: FL23Resume@mail.house.gov. NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE.
A Western Republican member of Congress seeks a Legislative Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office. The Assistant’s primary areas of focus are Armed Services and Veteran’s Affairs. Additional assignments may include Foreign Affairs and Space/Aerospace. For the assigned subject matter, the Assistant is expected to:
• Support the Representative’s legislative priorities through legislative research, the drafting of legislation, acting as the liaison to the relevant committees, work with the Congressional Research Service, and identifying strategies to advance those legislative priorities;
• Prepare the member for committee hearings, staff those hearings and monitor/report to the Representative at times when he is unable to attend the meeting;
• Assist the Representative in preparing for interviews, meetings with constituents and interest groups, as well as note taking at such meetings and follow up action items;
• Draft answers or prepare outlines of responses to constituent mail;
• Draft speeches, statements and correspondence with the appropriate executive agencies for review by the Legislative Director, Chief of Staff, and the Representative;
• Develop and justify co-sponsorship and vote recommendations for review by the Legislative Director and Chief of Staff and for consideration by the Representative for bills in committee, mark up and on the floor in assigned areas of responsibility.
All interested applicants should send resume and cover letter to WesternRepublicanJobs@gmail.com.
Senior Appropriations Democrat seeks candidates for the position of Press Secretary for a fast-paced and highly engaged office. The successful candidate will have excellent written and verbal skills, the proven ability to manage multiple communications projects, and the ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the representation of the Member’s position on policy issues. S/he will be responsible for coordinating with the legislative team to develop, manage and organize all communications activities, including writing press releases, op-eds, mail pieces, talking points, organizing press events, maintaining the official website, implementing social media strategy, maintaining press database, writing e-newsletters & coordinating Tele-town halls. Duties will also include briefing the Member for interviews, writing and implementing PSAs, interacting with the press as the Member’s principal spokesperson and coordinating the Member’s overall press relations. The ideal candidate will have Hill experience, a depth of
 MEM-358-16
Page 5 of 6

 MEM-352-16
legislative and policy knowledge including that of the appropriations process, and Ohio connections of benefit. Candidates must be able to work extended hours, under time pressure, and in a strongly collaborative office, while maintaining a positive attitude and demeanor. Please submit resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and salary requirements to Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov within the subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls.
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives. Rep. Elijah E. Cummings, the Ranking Member, is seeking an Investigative Counsel to join the Democratic staff to participate in all matters under the Committee’s jurisdiction, including investigations, hearings, depositions, tran¬scribed interviews, and briefings. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with 2-5 years of investigative or litigation experience. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Investigative Counsel” in the subject line.
NYC Member of Congress seeks Community Coordinator for the Lower East Side of Manhattan. Individual will develop strategies to increase outreach to LES and represent the office at public meetings. Ideal candidate should have strong knowledge of LES community. Excellent verbal/written communication skills a plus. E-mail resume to: ny20515@yahoo.com.
Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Small Business seeks a professional staff member to handle matters including but not limited to agency oversight, procurement, financial services, health, and/or technology. Previous legislative experience is not necessary but preferred. The candidate must possess superior writing and analytic abilities, including strong organizational and interpersonal skills. Primary responsibilities include hearing preparation and legislative development. To apply, please email cover letter and resume to vacancy_employment@yahoo.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
 MEM-351-16
MEM-350-16
  Page 6 of 6
