 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-361-18
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 9, 2018
The District Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark is currently accepting applicants for the position of Military & Veterans Constituent Service Representative (CSR). The CSR monitors and updates the Member and District Director on district and local issues as well as serves as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for the member and constituents.
This position is responsible for a wide range of outreach, relationship management, event coordination, and correspondence. We’re looking for someone who has great judgment, keen political skills, is quick on their feet and ready to seize opportunities (or create them). The ideal candidate is fast but highly detail oriented and is a strong written and oral communicator.
Essential Job Functions Required:
•Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman within his or her area of responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
•Informs the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and
Page 1 of 11

 MEM-360-18
interacting with constituents;
•Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups to form effective relationships for the Member;
•Manages at least 1 casework assignment area & assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes recommendations to the District Director and/or Chief of Staff;
•Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents; •Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices; •Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district activities in his or her assigned geographic & issue areas; •Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of importance to the office;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
This is a full-time position.
Education, Skills, & Knowledge Required:
•3-5 years relevant experience required; experience with the military & veteran’s issues preferred.
•Exceptional written & oral communication, organizational and project management skills with an overall execution orientation; track record of effectively managing complex, multi-stakeholder projects;
•Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and procedures;
•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments; •Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congresswoman is involved;
•Strong political instincts, and a proactive entrepreneurial mindset;
•Grace under pressure; ability to delegate, communicate, and act decisively as well as adapt well to changing priorities;
•Availability & ability to work long, irregular hours including evenings and weekends;
•A professional style that includes flexibility, evenness, and sense of humor.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing samples to: Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov.
All materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Oversight and Investigations Committee Staff Position
Page 2 of 11

  MEM-356-18
House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight & Investigations is seeking a professional staffer or counsel to work on oversight issues related to the Committee’s broad jurisdiction for the Committee’s Democratic staff. Areas of expertise under the Committee’s jurisdiction preferred, including environment, energy, public health and cyber security. Background in investigations and oversight a plus. Responsibilities include staffing Congressional hearings, overseeing federal agencies, conducting research and investigations, writing and editing, and conducting document review and analysis. Successful candidate will be detail-oriented and possess strong communication and writing skills. Five years of professional experience and J.D. preferred but not required, as experience within the areas of the Committee’s public issue area jurisdiction may be equally relevant. Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at least two professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Bill Posey (FL-8) seeks a scheduler/executive assistant in Washington, DC. This is not an entry level position and previous Hill scheduling experience is highly desired.
Responsibilities:
•Maintain the Member’s schedule in DC
•Plan and schedule the Member’s meetings, events, speaking arrangements, and travel
•Transport the Member on official business (must have access to a car) •Administer office purchasing, technology, and staff travel
•Hire, train, and manage the office intern program
Candidates should be highly organized, detail-oriented, personable and able to function in a fast-paced team-environment. Interested applicants should send their resume and cover letter to fl.conservativerep@gmail.com.
Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) seeks a Los Angeles-based Digital Content Manager to join fast-paced, innovative communications team. This individual will report to the Communications Director and responsibilities include: developing long-term and short-term digital plans and strategies; creating, drafting and posting content on all platforms; creating graphics, video and other sharable content; managing and growing the Congressman’s e-newsletter program and overseeing the website. Ideal candidate is a politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative self-starter, who is familiar with social media trends and able to use data to evaluate and improve the digital program. This is not an entry-level position. Previous digital communications experience, on Capitol Hill, a campaign, or at a communications firm, is
  MEM-354-18
Page 3 of 11

 MEM-352-18
required. To apply, please email cover letter, resume and digital sample to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
Virginia Democratic Congressman seeks fulltime Outreach Representative in Richmond, VA office. The Outreach Representative will be responsible for cultivating strategic relationships with community leaders and constituent groups, as well as developing and executing an outreach plan for the district. Duties also include coordinating events and initiatives that will promote services that the office provides, organizing events that relate to the Congressman’s legislative and district priorities, and monitoring and updating office leadership on local district issues. The Outreach Representative may also be assigned additional short-term or special projects and will be responsible for recruiting and managing office interns. Additional responsibilities include staffing the Congressman at various events and meetings in the district and working on nights and weekends as needed. Access to a vehicle is required. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, organization, and a spirit of teamwork and service also required. Priority given to candidates with Virginia ties and related experience. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and three references to vaoutreachrep@gmail.com as soon as possible.
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and hardworking staff assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The staff assistant will be responsible for answering phones, processing mail, assisting with constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, drafting correspondence, and other administrative duties and projects as needed. The person also will handle some light press assistant duties, including compiling press clips, monitoring media, drafting e-newsletters and press releases, updating the website, and fielding some media inquiries.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, and committed to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution. The applicant must possess excellent communication and time-management skills, the ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to applydc@amash.com. Please include "staff assistant applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
 MEM-345-18
 MEM-340-18
U.S. Member of Congress in New York seeking a District Representative.
   This is a full-time position.
Page 4 of 11

 Job description: A Team Player capable of representing the member and the office of the Congressional district within his/her designated catchment area. Duties for this position include, but are not limited to Community Outreach activities and Public Speaking. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to; responding to constituent case work through correspondence, meeting with constituents, as well as, with local businesses, merchants associations, community-based organizations and agencies to assist in navigating the services provided by the federal government. Organizing and participating in community projects and events. Working with the Outreach Director to develop and execute outreach strategies for the district.
Serve as liaison to Community Boards, Precincts Councils and Block Associations. Attend and speak at meetings and/or events on the Member’s behalf.
Must have extraordinary interpersonal skills, be customer service oriented, exhibit a professional demeanor and work ethic. Excellent writing skills are required. We are seeking a highly motivated and organized individual, who is detail-oriented and able to work well under pressure. Valid driver’s license desired. Fluency in a language other than English highly preferred. Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is required.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Please send resume and cover letter to NYDemocrat@mail.house.gov
  MEM-339-18
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects. This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $30,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.
  Page 5 of 11

 NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
 MEM-337-18
Bay Area Congressman Mark DeSaulnier is seeking a Social Media Coordinator in his District Office. Qualified candidates should possess strong oral and written communications skills, have experience planning and executing events, and be detail-oriented. This position requires the ability to help develop outreach efforts and produce engaging digital content to grow online communities and maintain active engagement.
Candidates should have demonstrated experience producing content for social media (esp. Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram), visual design including graphic design, photo editing, and video editing. Responsibilities include developing social media content, drafting press releases for local events, creating e-newsletters, working with local media, and planning and attending district outreach and events. Applicants must be willing to work some evenings and weekends. Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, salary requirements, and example of digital work by September 25th to California11Resumes@gmail.com, please include “Social Media Coordinator” in the subject line.
   MEM-333-18
The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Communications Director to manage and coordinate all media and public relations activities in a very busy and dynamic office. The ideal candidate will be able to develop and execute integrated communications plans, collaborate effectively with colleagues and implement all public relations strategies.
Responsibilities include building and expanding the office’s relationships with media outlets, working with the Chief of Staff and Legislative Director to develop media strategies, successfully pitching stories and press events to a wide range of media outlets, responding to and managing media inquiries from diverse media outlets, writing op-eds, speeches, press releases, statements and talking points. Responsibilities will also include working with the deputy communications director in the District Office as well as maintaining an active social media profile, managing the Member’s official website, and other tasks.
Page 6 of 11

Potential candidates must be able to thrive in a fast-paced office, have excellent written and oral communication skills, and strong editing and proofreading abilities. Candidates must be able to develop a keen understanding of the unique priorities and views of the district and find ways to advance the Member’s objectives.
This is a senior level position which requires dedication, close attention to detail and the ability to think outside the box. Non-traditional work hours, and travel to the District are to be expected. Hawaii ties are ideal but not required. Veteran applications are welcome.
No calls or drop ins. Qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume and writing samples to: hi02jobs@gmail.com.
    MEM-330-18
U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform—Counsel (District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Ranking Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic
staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of investigative or litigation experience. Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject line.
        have a minimum of 2 years of experience working for Congress, and should be committed to the principles of constitutionally limited government and the free market. Compensation will be commensurate with experience. Please send resumes to CA04.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-319-18
Rep. Tom McClintock is seeking a Legislative Assistant. Applicants must
MEM-297-18
Maryland Democratic Congressman looking for Constituent Engagement Officer (CEO) to serve as the grassroots extension of the member in his district located in the DC suburbs. They are his “eye and ears” for issues on the ground. They are a consistent presence at events in the district, develops and maintains relationships with local government officials and community leaders. They always reflect well on the member with their responsiveness, professionalism and courteousness. CEOs also provide excellent constituent service through the management of casework in assigned issue areas and
Page 7 of 11

 MEM-296-18
MEM-288-18
work with federal and local agencies to ensure constituents receive a response to their inquiry. They may also be assigned to short-term or special projects, including planning events, authoring correspondence and other related duties. CEOs are hard-working and dedicated team players, committed to the goals of the office and to improving the lives of the residents of the district.
*CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:*
• To serve as a local representative for the member in defined geographic areas, which are subject to change based on the needs of the office;
• To manage casework within an assigned portfolio;
• To monitor and update the Member and District Director on district
and local issues;
Interested candidates should submit their resume as soon as possible to
md.jobposting@mail.house.gov. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.
Southern Republican seeks Staff Assistant/Press Assistant: The position will be responsible for greeting visitors, answering the telephone, responding to constituent requests for information, planning and giving tours of the Capitol, maintaining the front office, and assisting with various administrative duties. Additionally, the individual will assist the Communications Director with various press tasks, including writing, social media, press clips, and more. Alabama ties are strongly preferred. Interested applicants should send resume to gopjob1824@gmail.com.
The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking to immediately fill a full-time job opening for an entry-level Staff Assistant based in her District Office- Norwalk, CA
Position Description
The Staff Assistant position is primarily charged with (but not limited to) answering phones, greeting constituents and visitors, sorting incoming mail, writing correspondence, managing interns, and assisting the District Office staff with additional tasks. Successful candidates will possess strong communication skills, the ability to multitask, attention to detail, political instinct, the ability to prioritize in a fast-paced environment, work cooperatively and courteously with others and temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
Caseworker: Casework responsibilities involve assisting constituents of the 38th Congressional District resolve problems with federal agencies or find the appropriate state or local contact for non-federal issues. The candidate should be persistent and detail-orientated, and put a priority on facilitating
   Page 8 of 11

   MEM-285-18 MEM-284-18
resolutions and expediting priority requests. Knowledge of California state and federal government agencies and experience in customer service will be highly regarded.
Minimum Qualifications
• Office/administrative experience
• Strong organizations skills; attention to detail.
• Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with
Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
• Strong communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability to
relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable
customer service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
• Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government
agencies and structure (county, state, and federal).
• Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a
team, be able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects
simultaneously, and work under pressure.
• Candidates should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to
excellence, upbeat demeanor, flexibility, and sense of humor.
• Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college
or university with a bachelor’s degree.
• Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.
To Apply
Interested applicants should submit their resume and cover letter via email to: CA38Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in the title of the position in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins accepted.
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Senior LA for Washington office. Not an entry level job. Law degree a plus. Email cover letter, resume, and three references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins please).
Senior Democratic Congressman who serves as Ranking Member on a full committee seeks an experienced, energetic and creative Press Secretary to work in a fast-paced press operation. The ideal candidate should be entrepreneurial and aggressive in generating ideas that yield media coverage, promoting the Member’s agenda through traditional and social media, and raising the Member’s national profile. The Press Secretary will be responsible for all facets of daily press operation including: media strategy development and implementation; serving as primary spokesperson for national and local media; coordinating press conferences; pitching story ideas; managing coverage of legislative action and events; and drafting statements,
 Page 9 of 11

  MEM-282-18
MEM-281-18
releases, speeches, opinion editorials and responses to articles. This is not an entry-level position. The candidate must have previous Capitol Hill experience, extensive media contacts and background working with both print and electronic media. Excellent oral and written communications skills and the ability to work in a high pressure, team-oriented environment while juggling multiple tasks are required. On-the-record experience preferred. To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Press Secretary” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.
Democratic Member of Congress seeks Legislative Director. Ideal candidate will have significant Appropriations and Capitol Hill experience. Looking for a team player to add to an already dynamic and fast paced
environment. Additional knowledge on Homeland and DOD issues are a bonus but not required. This office considers all applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. To apply please send resume, cover letter and 3 references to texasdem18@gmail.com.
The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized Staff Assistant for fast-paced committee office. Responsibilities include front office reception; preparation for committee hearings, markups, meetings and events; training and supervising interns; maintaining files, office supplies and equipment; assisting staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and other duties as assigned. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, attention to detail, professionalism, and strong organizational skills. Hill experience preferred. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or gender identity. The office encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply. Please submit a cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
Senior Democratic Member seeks Policy Advisor to serve in personal office and on Committee staff. Position will develop and implement legislative initiatives, conduct oversight and investigations, write floor speeches and committee statements, and handle meetings with constituents and interest groups on behalf of Member. Portfolio will likely include health, social security, labor and workforce, energy and the environment, and agriculture and nutrition. An advanced degree and exceptional writing ability required. Hill experience strongly preferred. To apply, please email a cover letter and resume with the words “Policy Advisor” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.
  MEM-264-18
 Page 10 of 11

MEM-263-18
Senior Democratic Congressman who serves as Ranking Member on a full committee seeks an experienced, energetic and creative Press Secretary to work in a fast-paced press operation. The ideal candidate should be entrepreneurial and aggressive in generating ideas that yield media coverage, promoting the Member’s agenda through traditional and social media, and raising the Member’s national profile. The Press Secretary will be responsible for all facets of daily press operation including: media strategy development and implementation; serving as primary spokesperson for national and local media; coordinating press conferences; pitching story ideas; managing coverage of legislative action and events; and drafting statements, releases, speeches, opinion editorials and responses to articles. This is not an entry-level position. The candidate must have previous Capitol Hill experience, extensive media contacts and background working with both print and electronic media. Excellent oral and written communications skills and the ability to work in a high pressure, team-oriented environment while juggling multiple tasks are required. On-the-record experience preferred.
To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Press Secretary” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.
Military Legislative Assistant – GOP Congressman Office Congressional staff experience required for candidates to be considered for this job opening.
The duties of this position would include directly staffing the Congressman on the Appropriations Committee for defense, veterans, and foreign affairs policy issues. Several other policy areas would be included in legislative portfolio for this position.
Please send your resume to GOPCongressionalJob@gmail.com.
 MEM-250-18
 Page 11 of 11
