+
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
    MEM-035-20
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 3, 2020
Job Summary:
The Field Representative is responsible for representing and promoting the Office of Congressman Greg Steube at events in the community and serves as a liaison between the Congressman and various community stakeholders that include municipal, county, state, and federal entities, non-profits, and businesses. The ideal candidate will have a thorough understanding of the legislative process, the responsibilities of various agencies of the federal government, and ties to Central and South-West Florida.
Core Responsibilities:
•To monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local issues;
•To answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with constituents; and
The Office of Congressman Greg Steube (FL-17) is looking to fill a vacancy
 for the position of Field Representative. The Field Representative will attend
 community events and travel throughout the district at regular intervals
 representing the Congressman.
 Page 1 of 11

•To act as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the Member and constituents.
Qualifications:
•Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university;
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Thorough knowledge of legislative process;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
•Strong telephone skills;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Skill in organizing and prioritizing work tasks and activities;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of outreach responsibilities;
•Ability to coordinate public outreach events
•Ability to work nights and weekends;
Duties:
•Staff Sebring, FL Congressional District Office Monday – Friday (9AM – 5PM) unless conducting outreach;
•Attend community events and travel throughout the district at regular intervals representing Congressman Steube in the following Counties: Polk, Hardee, Desoto, Glades, Okeechobee & Highlands;
•Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents;
•Acts as liaison and interfaces with city, county, district, and federal officials, the chamber of commerce and other persons or groups to form effective relationships for the Member;
•Assists local governments, non-profits, and constituents in obtaining federal funding opportunities;
•Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes recommendations to the District Director and Chief of Staff;
•In conjunction with the District Director, meet with constituents regarding general policy matters;
•Intake of casework to distribute to assigned staff person, log incoming and outgoing correspondence, handle visitors, and telephone calls;
•Office manager – POC for IT equipment, furniture, and office supplies in Sebring;
•Other duties as assigned
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
Sydney.Gruters@mail.house.gov
  MEM-034-20
The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-04) seeks a District
 Director. The District Director oversees all district office(s) casework and
 Page 2 of 11

 MEM-032-20
outreach. This position will assist in developing and implementing casework
 policy objectives, strategies, and outreach plans for the Congressman's district
 office(s), overseeing all casework activities and district representatives.
Candidate must be detail-oriented, a problem solver, self-starter with the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others in a fast-paced environment, manage multiple tasks at once, have excellent writing, verbal, interpersonal and organizational skills; demonstrate thoroughness and pay careful attention to detail; ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment; and knowledge of federal agencies and the political process.
This position will report directly to the Chief of Staff and will require availability by phone and email on weekends and evenings. Must have reliable and insured vehicle. Candidates must have a minimum of a bachelor's degree in political science, sociology, human development or related field and a minimum of three years of relevant experience in case management and have related experience to community outreach or community development.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, and professional references in a single PDF file to selena.harvey@mail.house.gov, with the subject line "District Director– last name" by February 14, 2020.
  “The Office of Congresswoman Abby Finkenauer (IA-01) seeks an
 experienced, creative, and motivated Communications Director to be a
 senior member of the team.
 The ideal candidate will possess excellent written and verbal communication
 skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, experience developing
 and pitching stories, and the ability to execute a communications plan
 encompassing DC and in Iowa activities. The candidate will also have
 congressional and/or campaign experience, a good sense of humor, be able to
 foster a positive work environment, and have Iowa ties.
 This position would be based out of Washington DC or Iowa, with associated
 travel as needed. The Communications Director will be expected to, among
 other duties: act as the primary spokesperson for the Member; develop and
 maintain relationships with media outlets in Iowa and nationally; implement a
 communications plan in-district and in DC; develop and successfully pitch
 press stories; oversee digital operations; mentor the Press Secretary; develop
 talking points, speeches, and press releases; hold regular media preparation
 sessions; work collaboratively with Iowa and national team members on all
 aspects of the office; and facilitate successful events and earned media in the
 district.
 TO APPLY: Please e-mail a detailed resume and two writing samples to
 IA01Resumes@mail.house.gov. The office is an equal opportunity employer
  Page 3 of 11

 MEM-030-20
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
 status, age, marital status, or parental status.”
 Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a District Representative
 for his Fairfield office.
 Job responsibilities include monitoring district and local issues; acting as a
 liaison to federal, district, and local agencies in Solano County; working with
 constituents who have an issue with a federal agency ensuring they receive a
 timely response; and ensuring that the office is appropriately staffed during
 office hours.
   MEM-030-20
Qualified candidates should be hard working and possess excellent oral and written communications skills, have knowledge of Solano County, the ability to multi-task, meet deadlines, and produce a quality work product. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to ca.03.resumes@gmail.com, please include District Representative in the subject line.
Job Description: The office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) is seeking a Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse issues portfolio including, but not limited to, Education, Environment, Interior, Energy, and Agriculture. The Legislative Assistant will also assist with the Appropriations Committee.
Responsibilities include drafting and analyzing legislation, tracking floor proceedings, conduct research, drafting policy and meeting memos, meeting with constituents, and staffing the Member in committee hearings, meetings, and at events, among other things. The office is looking for applicants who work well under pressure and strict deadlines and have experience with the appropriations process.
This is not an entry-level position. Excellent writing skills and experience handling policy issues are required. Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to mi14district@gmail.com with the subject line “Legislative Assistant Application.” Deadline for submissions is COB February 5th. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
  Page 4 of 11

MEM-025-20
Rep. Joe Cunningham (SC-01) seeks a Legislative Director to manage an active issue portfolio that includes, but is not necessarily limited to, health care, transportation, labor, and manufacturing.
Responsibilities include overseeing the office’s legislative operation and staff, including both Committee and floor activity; providing vote and cosponsorship recommendations to the member; writing floor speeches; drafting and editing constituent correspondence; meeting with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the member; and numerous other assigned tasks.
The LD must have the ability to think strategically about the member’s overall legislative priorities, and is expected to work closely with district office staff and constituents. Experience in a frontline office and/or South Carolina ties are pluses.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
cunninghamresumes@gmail.com with “Legislative Director” in the subject line.
No phone calls, faxes, individual emails, or walk-ins, please. QUALIFICATIONS:
-At least five years of substantive legislative, policy, or related experience; -A demonstrated understanding of health care, transportation, labor, and manufacturing policy, and a working knowledge of environmental and veterans/military issues.
-Strong understanding of politics and the intersection of politics and policy; -Knowledge of floor procedure, the amendment introduction process, and the appropriations process is a plus.
-Strong writing, interpersonal, and organizational skills are required; -Minority candidates are encouraged to apply;
-South Carolina (particularly in-district) ties are a major plus.
This is a senior, non-supervisory position and reports directly to the Chief of Staff. The office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
  MEM-023-20
Rep. Suzan DelBene (WA-1), a Member of the Ways and Means Committee,
 seeks a proactive Communication Director based in her Washington, DC
 office.
 Responsibilities include responding to media inquiries; writing press releases
 and speeches; pitching stories to Washington state and national media;
 overseeing the office’s social media accounts; managing an assistant;
 organizing press events in DC and Washington state.
 Page 5 of 11

  MEM-019-20
Qualified candidates should have very strong writing skills, on-the-record experience, are self-motivated, have at least five years of experience in communications, and work well in a collaborative environment. This is not an entry-level position. Some travel to Washington state is expected.
Please send a cover letter, resume and at least two writing samples to
washington.resumes@mail.house.gov. If you have salary requirements, please include them in your application.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. Pacific Northwest ties and familiarity with national, regional and local media outlets are positives.
No calls or drop-ins, please.
Job title: DC Scheduler/Operations Coordinator Job description:
Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-7) seeks a DC Scheduler/Operations Coordinator. Applicants should have scheduling experience, ideally with a Congressional office, a political campaign, or a similarly fast-paced organization. Applicants should be extremely attentive to detail, organized, and proactive.
This position will not involve legislative or press work, but will involve coordinating with those teams to ensure the Congresswoman’s time is balanced across various priorities. Job responsibilities will include:
•Creating and updating the Congresswoman’s schedule in DC •Responding to invitations for DC meetings and events
•Communicating with the District team about invitations for District events •Managing the Congresswoman’s travel plans and logistics
•Managing the Congresswoman’s time minute-to-minute in DC
•Preparing meeting briefs and binders for all meetings and events in DC, by coordinating with event participants and the appropriate staff members •Keeping staff members and the Congresswoman updated in real time about schedule changes
•Creating a weekly schedule that balances the Congresswoman’s official and unofficial time in DC
•Maintaining files of invitations that have been declined, accepted, or that are tentative/pending
•Preparing thank-you notes for the Congresswoman to send following DC and District meetings
•Maintaining a “homework binder” for the Congresswoman
 Page 6 of 11

  MEM-015-20
•Working with the Chief of Staff to update and track the office budget •Processing vouchers for travel and expense reimbursement for the Member and staff
•Processing and all office expenditures, and reconciling office expenditures on a bi-weekly basis
•Assisting with other operational tasks such as booking rooms for meetings, responding to constituent requests (e.g. tours, photo ops, etc.), assigning parking spaces to staff, and assisting the Chief of Staff with the management of payroll and benefits
•Serving as a member of the “front office” team, including assisting the Staff Assistant as needed with answering the phone and greeting visitors •Additional duties related to managing the overall operation of the DC office
To apply, please submit a one-page resume, 2-3 references, and answers to the following three additional questions to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “DC Scheduler” in the subject line. Competitive salary commensurate with experience.
Three additional questions:
1. If Rep. Spanberger was taking a meeting in DC with a stakeholder group, what information would you want to make sure she had in advance of that meeting?
2. The person in this role will get dozens of requests every day for meetings/events for Rep. Spanberger to attend. What would be your system for tracking/responding to those invitations?
3. Do you have a salary requirement or expected salary range?
Rep. Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
The legislative counsel will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (I-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and self-
 motivated legislative counsel to join our Washington, DC-based policy team.
 Page 7 of 11

  MEM-012-20
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative counsel applicant" in the subject line.
No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
“Democratic Leadership office seeks motivated and punctual individual to manage the front office, supervise a robust internship program, plan and execute Member-level events such as the weekly meeting of the House Democratic Caucus, manage the Caucus letter folding program, complete Spanish translation projects, schedule senior staff and support other departments in a fast paced environment.
The job primarily involves operational, administrative and management tasks, as well as a close working relationship with other departments. The Caucus Assistant will report directly to the Operations and Outreach Coordinator. Candidates must be proactive project supervisors, excellent writers, diligent organizers and strong team players with an interest in developing their own leadership skills. Applicants with Spanish fluency are strongly encouraged to apply. Prior experience in a Congressional office and a positive attitude is a plus.
This is an entry-level position and requires the ability to manage multiple high-priority tasks at once. This office is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability. Women and minority applicants are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send PDFs of resume, cover letter, writing sample and three professional references to DemCaucus.Jobs@mail.house.gov with name and “2020 Caucus Assistant Application” in the subject line. Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins please”
Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a press secretary to serve in her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be proactive concerning press engagement, and possess superior written and oral communication skills
   MEM-011-20
Title: Caucus Assistant
Office: House Democratic Caucus Office
 Page 8 of 11

MEM-009-20
(including editing, and proofreading capabilities). The ideal candidate will have prior political, legislative, and communications experience. Connecticut ties are a plus.
Primary responsibilities:
-Establishing and maintaining relationships with Connecticut, national, and D.C.-based media;
-Coordinating all media efforts and communication-related events;
-Drafting and distributing press releases and media advisories;
-Creating, editing, and placing op-eds;
-Developing, editing, and posting content across all social media platforms; -Pitching stories to reporters and producers, including national and Connecticut media, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the point-of- contact for media;
-Monitoring media narratives and identifying opportunities to promote the Congresswoman;
-Overseeing Franked communications strategy. This includes drafting, designing, and distributing Franked mail content; maintaining all social media platforms; and managing the bi-weekly congressional e-newsletter;
-Updating the Congresswoman’s website and ensuring that it features timely content;
-Coordinating and staffing the Congresswoman for interviews and events (including occasional night and weekend commitments);
-Managing a small team of press assistants.
To apply:
Please send a current resume, cover letter with salary requirements, two writing samples (not to exceed one page each), and three references to ct05jobs@mail.house.gov
No calls, emails or walk-ins, please.
  Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard is seeking an dynamic, proactive and
 experienced Military Legislative Assistant to manage her work on the House
 Armed Services Committee. This position includes a portfolio of national
 security, foreign affairs, veterans affairs, and intelligence issues.
 Responsibilities include managing the Congressman’s committee and
 subcommittee priorities, liaising with committee staff, drafting hearing
 questions and statements, developing legislation, monitoring activity on
 assigned issues, advising and representing the Congresswoman, and building
 relationships with constituent groups and advocacy organizations.
 Requirements include a strong understanding of national security and foreign policy, familiarity with the NDAA process, and a minimum of two years of substantive legislative or related experience. This is not an entry level position
Page 9 of 11

   MEM-006-20
in a fast-paced office and requires dedication, close attention to detail and the ability to think outside the box. Non-traditional work hours, and Hill experience are required. Hawaii ties are ideal, veteran applications are welcome!
No calls or drop ins, qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume and
writing samples to: hi02jobs@gmail.com
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a detail- oriented communications professional to serve as Deputy Press Secretary. The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, a proactive team player, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
Responsibilities include assisting with press releases, statements, talking points, and other key press documents; monitoring press coverage; building and maintaining relationships with key local and regional reporters; monitor the press inbox and phone line for media inquiries; manage press for multiple subcommittees; Compile and distribute local and national press clips; Conduct extensive research; Create and maintain press lists; Maintain archives on multiple subject matters; and other duties as assigned.
•A minimum of two years of media relations and/or social media coordination experience.
•A Bachelor’s degree in Journalism, English, Public Relations, or a closely related field preferred.
•A strong ability to research and analyze information.
•A strong ability to perform multiple tasks accurately and efficiently in a fast- paced environment.
•Previous Hill experience a plus.
This position reports directly to the Communications Director. Candidates should submit a cover letter and resume with the subject line “Deputy Press Secretary” to Oversightpress@mail.house.gov. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. Please, no drop-by applications or phone calls.
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues, among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job
  MEM-512-19
Page 10 of 11

 MEM-428-19
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com Position Available: Senior Staff Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills, highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject line.
  Page 11 of 11
