 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-141-17
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 8, 2017
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks motivated, hard-working staffer for his fast-paced San Antonio federal office. Responsibilities include handling district scheduling requests, administrative duties, intern supervision, and community and constituent work. Ideal candidates must be highly-organized, detail orientated, work well under pressure, be able to manage multiple tasks, possess excellent writing skills for handling correspondence, and have strong interpersonal skills. Spanish speaking and strong local ties a plus. Email resume, three references, and brief writing sample to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Entitle your email: San Antonio District Office Position. No calls or drop-ins please.
The House Committee on Homeland Security, is looking for a non-partisan, Deputy Chief Clerk/Calendar Clerk to assist with Committee operations. Among other duties, the person filling this role will assist the Chief Clerk in the performance of the following:
• Managing Committee hearings and markups;
• Plan and manage Committee field hearings;
 MEM-140-17
Page 1 of 5

 MEM-139-17
• Maintain Committee legislative calendar; and
• Prepare Committee archive and historical records.
The ideal candidate for this position is detail oriented, a self-starter and works well independently as well as with others. Previous experience in a Capitol Hill office required, Committee preferred. Please send resumes and statement of interest to: Resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov.
House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight & Investigations is seeking a professional staffer or counsel to work on public health and Food and Drug Administration issues for the Committee’s Democratic staff. Experience with congressional oversight, investigations, or issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction, a plus. Responsibilities include staffing Congressional hearings, conducting research and investigations, writing and editing, and conducting document review and
analysis. Successful candidate will be detail oriented, possessing strong communication and writing skills. Two to five years of professional experience and J.D. preferred but not required, as experience within the areas of the Committee’s public health jurisdiction may be equally relevant. Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at least two professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
Southern Republican seeks qualified candidates for a Washington based Press Secretary. Responsibilities include: writing all press releases, drafting statements, working with both national and district reporters, acting as an official spokesperson, and maintaining the Member’s official website and social media pages. The ideal candidate for this position is detail-oriented, proactive, and can thrive in a fast paced environment. Prior Hill communications experience is preferred. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email your resume to tnjobvacancy@gmail.com to apply.
New Jersey Democrat is seeking a legislative assistant to handle the Member’s work on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Responsibilities include: preparing and staffing the Member for committee hearings and markups, developing and advancing legislation and other policy priorities of the Member, researching and advising the Member on bills and other issues, representing the Member in meetings, and drafting constituent correspondence. The ideal candidate will have a transportation background and Hill experience.
Please e-mail cover letter, resume and two brief writing samples to nj08jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or drop-ins.
The Majority staff of the House Committee on Homeland Security is seeking a Professional Staff Member. This individual should have extensive background in border and maritime related security issues, and previous
 MEM-138-17
MEM-130-17
  MEM-129-17
Page 2 of 5

 MEM-127-17
MEM-124-17
experience on the Hill is preferred. Please email a resume and writing sample to resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov.
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant to work on issues, including education. Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Hill experience and law degree a plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.
The office of Congressman Thomas Massie of the 4th District of Kentucky, is seeking a pleasant, energetic, highly-organized, detail-oriented, Staff Assistant for the Northern Kentucky District Office.
The Staff Assistant duties include: greeting visitors, answers the telephone and answers constituent requests for general information, casework, and other inquiries. This position also monitors delivery and pickup of materials, maintains the front office, and assists other staff members with various administrative and legislative duties.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Provide staff coverage for the District Office, answer constituent
phone calls and office visits, and the handling of constituent
correspondence
• Review and assign incoming casework
• Act as a liaison between constituents and other government agencies
• Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient
manner; proactively follow up on all open cases until resolutions are
reached
• Train and supervise interns to handle routine office matters, such as
incoming correspondence, visitors, telephone calls, and other issues
that may arise
• Maintain office supplies and equipment, and the maintenance of the
office organizational system
• Handle other tasks as assigned
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a
tactful, pleasant, and professional manner
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
• Strong oral and written communication skills
• Understands the value/art of the “follow-up”
• Works well under pressure while managing multiple tasks with
competing priorities
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment
• Availability to occasionally work nights and weekends, if needed
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
 Page 3 of 5

 MEM-123-17
• Knowledge of legislative process helpful
• Strong oral and written communication skills
• Previous office experience a plus
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. To apply, please submit via email a resume and cover letter
to: KY4district@gmail.com.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives, and Ranking Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will be a junior attorney (less than five years of experience) with a background or strong interest in environmental matters, including investigations, hearings, depositions, and briefings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject line.
The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated and hardworking communications professional to join fast-paced communications team as a press assistant. Responsibilities include drafting news releases, social media posts, op-eds and talking points; designing graphics for both social media and web content; monitoring social media for trending topics; maintaining and updating press lists; and compiling daily press clips. Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral communication skills, a proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks and sound political judgment. Prior Hill or campaign communications experience, as well as professional social media and digital experience (including graphic design and photo and video editing), is preferred. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing samples to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. Please no walk ins or phone calls.
Senior Republican Appropriator is seeking an experienced Military Legislative Assistant for their Washington office. Responsibilities will include staffing Member on Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, conducting meetings and advising on defense policy, coordinating with DOD representatives, and supporting Member and district staff to represent the interest of significant military installation within the district. Absolute minimum 5 years relevant experience within Department of Defense or as MLA required and prior military experience preferred. Active TS Clearance required—applicants without active TS or higher will not be considered.
 MEM-122-17
 MEM-120-17
Page 4 of 5

Interested applicants should send both cover letter and resume to GOPJobOpportunity@gmail.com.
 Page 5 of 5
