 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-272-17
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 7, 2017 TITLE: Press Secretary
REPORTS TO: Member, Chief of Staff and Communications Director
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to manage and coordinate all communications activities, including
media contacts, for the Member and the office.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• at least 1 year of congressional experience;
• strong academic credentials;
• strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
• strong oral communication skills;
• understanding of print and broadcast media;
• thorough knowledge of legislative process;
• knowledge of current issues and events in which the Member is
involved;
Page 1 of 6

 MEM-271-17
MEM-267-17
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the representation of the Member's positions on policy issues;
• availability to work long hours;
• ability to work well under pressure; and
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
DUTIES:
• acts as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• develops and implements media and communications strategy for the
Member;
• remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about
which the Member may be questioned;
• evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the
nation for their impact on the Member;
• provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's
actions and legislative activities;
• writes speeches for the Member; and • performs other duties as assigned.
All interested applicants should send their resumes to Position.MN05@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Brad Sherman seeks Counsel or Legal Fellow to focus on a wide-ranging set of legal issues including financial services law, constitutional law, particularly Congressional checks on executive power, Administrative law, House rules and procedure, and other legal issues. The ideal candidate would have an outstanding academic background and familiarity with Congress. JD required. Salary commensurate with experience. Send cover letter and resume to HouseCounsel2017@gmail.com..
GOP Congressman seeks detail-oriented Press Secretary with advanced writing skills to manage and coordinate all communications activities, including media contacts. Responsibilities include writing press releases and op-eds, responding to press inquiries, newsletter production, and maintaining member website and social media accounts. Ability to quickly grasp issues and take proactive approach to media relations required. Virginia ties and previous Hill experience of at least two years preferred. To apply, please email resume with cover letter, two writing samples, and three references to GOPApplicant@gmail.com..
Republican office seeks an experienced Communications Director who will be responsible for planning and executing a proactive and aggressive media strategy with a heavy emphasis on innovation and social media. Candidates should have political communications experience and possess excellent writing skills, a sense of humor, creativity, highly energetic, politically astute and able to work well in a high pressure, fast-paced environment. Applicants
  MEM-266-17
Page 2 of 6

 MEM-260-17
should have a strong history of drafting all forms of communications materials with no less than three years of political/communications experience. Responsibilities include serving as spokesperson, drafting press releases and advisories, op-eds, speeches, newsletters, and talking
points. Background in video editing, graphic design, and website maintenance a must. Virginia ties and previous experience on Capitol Hill preferred. Qualified applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, three references, two published pieces (to include any outlet with quotes or information attributed directly to the candidate for this position, not their boss), and two writing samples to GOPApplicant@gmail.com.
Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is seeking a pro-active, hard-working and tech-savvy individual to serve as Press Secretary and Digital Director in his Washington, D.C. office. Ideal candidates will have experience running a comprehensive digital media program including Facebook, Twitter, and proactive email. Candidates should be organized, create and self-motivated and must also have the ability to create original content including graphics and videos. Candidates must also have strong oral and written communication skills and be able to work effectively alongside the Communications Director.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, writing talking points; drafting press releases; managing website and social media accounts; creating e- newsletters and franked mailings; planning press conferences and in-district events; creating graphics and media presentations, and developing and implementing media, communications, and digital strategies.
The ideal candidate will have at least 1-2 years of communications experience with significant digital experience. This is not an entry level position. People from all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples with the subject line “Press Secretary job opening” to newyorkresumes@mail.house.gov. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
Democratic House Member seeks a Staff Assistant for Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering the telephone, scheduling tours and responding to constituent requests for general information and other inquiries. This position also monitors delivery and pickup of materials, maintains the front office, and assists with various administrative duties. The staff assistant also helps manage the intern program. Please send cover letter and resume to castaffassistant1996@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
 MEM-256-17
 Page 3 of 6

MEM-243-17
Democratic Member of Congress from North Carolina seeks a Legislative Director for D.C. Office. This individual is responsible for drafting legislation and amendments, tracking legislation, developing legislative initiatives, writing speeches and floor statements, staffing the Member in Committee, and representing the Member in meetings with constituents and interested parties. Applicants should have excellent written and verbal communication skills, work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment, be a strong team player, and have at least two years of legislative experience on Capitol Hill. Ties to North Carolina are a plus. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two brief writing samples along with three references to nchousejobs@gmail.com. No drop-ins or phone calls. The office is an equal opportunity employer.
Midwest Republican is seeking a Deputy Scheduler for his Washington, D.C. office. Daily responsibilities include, but are not limited to: supporting the Director of Scheduling, assisting the Director with maintaining the Member’s D.C. schedule, efficiently logging and responding to meeting and speaking requests, booking official travel for the Member, and screening calls for the Member. The Deputy Scheduler must be flexible to working outside of normal business hours as the Member’s schedule requires. Strong organization and communication skills are necessary. Applicants should be able to handle a fast-paced work environment. To apply for the position, send your cover letter and resume to: gopdeputyscheduler17@gmail.com.
The Office of Congressman Paul D. Tonko (NY-20) seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized Congressional Aide to be based out of its Albany, NY office. This is an entry-level position with regular evening and weekend duties, and an annual base salary of approximately $30,000.
The Congressional Aide’s responsibilities will include staffing the Congressman, coordinating some of the District Office’s outreach efforts, especially its Mobile Office Hours program, supporting social media efforts, and providing some administrative support to the Congressman’s scheduling operation. Applicant must have a great sense of humor, strong writing skills, the ability to learn quickly, and a solid team mentality. Finally, a valid driver’s license with daily access to a vehicle and good driving record are required.
This is an entry level position. The Office of Congressman Paul D. Tonko is an equal opportunity employer. Interested individuals should email a cover letter, résumé, and a writing sample of no less than one (1) page and no more than five (5) pages to NY20jobs@mail.house.gov with “Team Tonko” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
The deadline for submissions is Tuesday, August 8, 2017. Cover letters should be addressed to:
Congressman Paul D. Tonko Page 4 of 6
 MEM-235-17
 MEM-223-17
  
MEM-205-17
19 Dove Street Suite 302
Albany, NY 12210
The Office of Congressman Brian Mast is seeking a Press Assistant/Legislative Correspondent who excels at filming and editing videos. In addition to being a strong writer, the ideal candidate will also have experience with graphic design, social media and basic HTML. Press responsibilities will include filming/editing videos, posting to social media, photographing events, writing/producing newsletters, maintaining the website, speech writing, and other responsibilities as assigned. Legislative responsibilities will include drafting constituent mail and researching policy issues. To apply, please send resume and work samples to brianmastpress@gmail.com.
Rep. Al Green seeks a Scheduler/Office Manager for his Washington, DC Office. Responsibilities include developing and managing the Member’s daily schedule and travel arrangements; organizing the Member’s daily briefing materials; occasionally driving the Member to events, evaluating all incoming invitations and meeting requests; communicating with constituents by phone and email quickly to address requests, concerns, and questions; maintaining office records and office supplies; serving as the emergency office coordinator; and performing other duties as required.
Applicants must have superior organizational skills, strong written and communication skills, poise and ability to thrive in a fast paced environment. The Scheduler/Office Manager will work closely with the Member and Chief of Staff as well as other DC and District staff to coordinate the Member’s short-term and long-term schedule. Previous scheduling and/ or Capitol Hill experience is highly desirable; Texas ties are a plus.
The position involves long hours and availability by phone on weekends and evenings. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins.
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects. This is an
 MEM-203-17
 MEM-200-17
Page 5 of 6

 MEM-191-17
entry level position with a starting salary of $30,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE.
Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include managing the Congressman’s D.C. schedule, tracking and responding to invitations, and maintaining accurate lists of annual meetings and long-term planning. The Scheduler/EA is also responsible for management of the intern program and junior staff, vouchering, reimbursements and budget tracking. The position will also involve management of office equipment and purchasing. Please send cover letter and resume to dcscheduler1@gmail.com. Salary commensurate with experience.
 Page 6 of 6
