 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-044-18
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 5, 2018
Southern Democratic Member seeks a Legislative Director for D.C. office. This individual is responsible for drafting legislation and amendments, tracking the floor, developing legislative initiatives, staffing committees, and representing the Member in meetings with constituents and interested parties. Applicants should have excellent written and verbal communication skills, and work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment. This is not an entry level position. Background in transportation is a plus. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two brief writing samples along with three references to southernhousedem@gmail.com. No drop-ins or phone calls. The office is an equal opportunity employer.
The press office of Rep. Louise Slaughter (NY-25) and the House Rules Committee is seeking a social media manager & press assistant to join an aggressive communications team. Responsibilities include managing the congresswoman’s digital media channels, including website and social media accounts, developing engaging online content, writing e-newsletters, and taking photos and video. The social media manager & press assistant will also compile press clips, copy-edit press releases and talking points, and other
 MEM-041-18
Page 1 of 6

 MEM-038-18
projects as necessary. Must be comfortable working collaboratively to execute a broad communications strategy. Prior press and/or digital experience and familiarity with both graphic design and video editing is preferred. Ideal candidates must also have strong written and verbal communications skills and be able to work demanding hours in a fast-paced environment. Interested candidates must submit a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and two examples of social media or digital media work to digitalpressposting@mail.house.gov. Candidates will be considered on a rolling basis until the position is filled.
The Majority staff of the House Committee on Homeland Security is currently seeking a National Security Professional Staff Member. This individual would be responsible for working with the Chairman and senior staff to identify and build up significant national security initiatives related to homeland security, counterterrorism and related matters. Other responsibilities include:
• Advancing the Chairman’s national security portfolio through written and oral briefings, engagement with outside experts, national security roundtables and events, and assisting with speeches and op-eds.
• Identifying and writing significant national security legislation that fits into the broad set of policy goals as defined by Chairman and senior staff.
• Helping lead Committee efforts to advance the Chairman’s policy vision across multiple platforms.
• Assisting with crisis response briefing, including in the wake of terrorist incidents, natural disasters, and other emergency situations.
Previous Hill experience preferred. We ask for no calls or drop ins. Qualified applicants should email a resume, 2-3 references, and a writing sample to: resumes.chs@mail.house.gov.
The Committee on Homeland Security Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security Majority Staff is seeking to fill a vacancy for a Professional Staff Member, who will assist in the Committee’s oversight of the Transportation Security Administration and United States Secret
Service. Qualified applicants will have at least three years of Capitol Hill experience in a legislative and/or oversight role. Specific experience in either transportation security of Secret Service oversight is strongly
preferred. Applicants should have an advanced understanding of the policymaking and legislative processes and must be able to hold a Top Secret security clearance. We ask for no calls or drop ins. Qualified applicants should email a resume, 2-3 references, and a writing sample to: resumes.chs@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-037-18
 Page 2 of 6

MEM-032-18
Texas Democrat is seeking an experienced Communications Director to plan and execute a proactive and aggressive media and community outreach strategy. Candidates should have excellent writing skills and work well in a fast-paced collaborative environment. Applicant should also have an extensive social media background. Texas ties and knowledge of TX media and political landscape are a plus and management experience is preferred. This is not an entry-level position. Qualified applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples, including a press release to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Michelle Lujan Grisham is seeking a Legislative Correspondent to oversee her mail program. The ideal candidate will be an outstanding writer and editor, have excellent organizational skills as well as high attention to detail, and be able to work quickly under pressure in a fast paced work environment. This is a writing intensive
position. Responsibilities include working with the legislative team to understand the Congresswoman’s position on different issues, drafting letters to constituents, organizing the constituent correspondence, and sending out mail to constituents in a timely manner. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. New Mexico ties, Hill experience, and knowledge of IQ a plus.
Interested candidates should submit a cover letter and resume in one attachment to NM01.Resumes@mail.house.gov.
Senior Southern member of the House seeks hardworking, disciplined, experienced and creative attorney to serve as legislative director. Primary responsibilities include developing and implementing the office’s legislative agenda. The candidate will staff the Member on the Judiciary Committee assignments. Additionally, candidates should have significant Hill experience, excellent writing skills, progressive managerial and leadership experience, a good personality and sense of humor, strong organizational skills and knowledge of legislative procedure. LD will work closely with the Chief of Staff and Member. JD required. Please send cover letter and resume to: costochj@gmail.com. No calls or walk-ins.
Rep. Anthony Brown (MD-04) seeks hardworking, intellectually curious and creative thinker for Legislative Director position. Primary responsibilities include developing, implementing and successfully advancing the office’s legislative agenda while handling policy portfolio in a fast-paced
office. Qualified candidates should have significant Hill experience, previous managerial experience, strong organizational skills and knowledge of legislative procedure. If you enjoy working in a fast-paced, multi-tasking, deadline-oriented dynamic environment, then you should apply. JD or advanced degree in policy and Maryland ties are a plus. Women and minority applicants encouraged to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to:
 MEM-031-18
 MEM-025-18
  MEM-023-18
Page 3 of 6

  MEM-019-18
md.jobposting@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
Maryland Democratic Congressman is seeking a Deputy Press Secretary/Digital Manager to work closely with the Communications Director.
Responsibilities include managing social media channels and sharpening Congressman’s digital voice; planning and pitching press events and responding to press inquiries; compiling press clips and media monitoring; writing press advisories, releases and speeches; updating website; taking photographs and making compelling graphics and multimedia content; and helping to develop and execute overall communication strategies.
Ideal candidate will have strong written and verbal skills, be able to work demanding hours in a fast-paced environment, take initiative and display creativity, work well with a team and multi-task, be detail oriented and organized, and have a positive attitude and a sense of humor. Maryland ties, previous congressional or campaign experience, and photography and graphic design skills preferred.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter describing their fit for the role, resume and if available writing or multimedia samples to md.jobposting@mail.house.gov with “Deputy Press Secretary/Digital Manager” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant with strong organizational, communication, and writing skills.
Responsibilities will include maintaining the Member’s schedule for the Washington D.C. office; organizing, evaluating and tracking invitations and scheduling requests; and coordinating travel arrangements. In addition, the scheduler/assistant will be responsible for coordinating/drafting the Member’s personal correspondence, arranging and/or providing surface transportation for the Member in DC, coordinating with staff, and other tasks as assigned by the Chief of Staff.
We are seeking applicants to join our fun, team-oriented, and hard-working office. The ideal candidate will possess a can-do attitude, pay high attention to detail, and be solution oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter, and will possess the capacity to produce high quality work on short deadlines. He or she will also have a demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work environment.
 MEM-018-18
Page 4 of 6

This is not an entry level position. The selected applicant will be expected to operate in a fast-paced office and requires dedication and the ability to think outside the box. Opportunities to assist in other legislative areas are also available. Non-traditional work hours, occasional travel are required. Veteran applications are welcome!
Please do not call or drop by to the office, qualified applicants may email a
cover letter, resume and two writing samples with “Scheduler” in the email title to: hi02jobs@gmail.com..
      MEM-016-18
Maryland Democratic Congressman looking for Constituent Engagement Officer (CEO) to serve as the grassroots extension of the member in his district located in the DC suburbs. They are his “eye and ears” for issues on the ground. They are a consistent presence at events in the district, develops and maintains relationships with local government officials and community leaders. They always reflect well on the member with their responsiveness, professionalism and courteousness. CEOs also provide excellent constituent service through the management of casework in assigned issue areas and work with federal and local agencies to ensure constituents receive a response to their inquiry. They may also be assigned to short-term or special projects, including planning events, authoring correspondence and other related duties. CEOs are hard-working and dedicated team players, committed to the goals of the office and to improving the lives of the residents of the district.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
 • to serve as a local representative for the member in defined geographic areas, which are subject to change based on the needs of the office;
• to manage casework within an assigned portfolio;
• to monitor and update the Member and District Director on district
and local issues;
  MEM-014-18
Interested candidates should submit their resume as soon as possible
to md.jobposting@mail.house.gov. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.
Southern California Democrat is seeking a Press Assistant to work closely with the Communications Director to elevate the Member’s communications operation.
Duties will include compiling daily press clips, monitoring social media, producing graphics and videos, maintaining the website, managing press lists, meticulously proofreading, and drafting/fact-checking written materials, including briefing memos, social media posts, press statements, newsletters, and talking points.
Page 5 of 6

The ideal candidate will be organized, detail-oriented, have superior writing and proofreading skills, be able to work long hours in a fast-paced and demanding setting, exhibit situational awareness and discretion, have the ability to multi-task without sacrificing quality, work well with a team, be proactive yet humble, and have a sense of humor. Spanish fluency, Southern California ties, previous congressional or campaign experience, and photography/videography/graphic design skills preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter describing their fit for the role, resume, short writing sample, and if available, graphic/video samples, to CA26PressJob@gmail.com with just “Press Assistant" in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins, please.
 Page 6 of 6
