 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-043-19
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 21, 2019
Staff Assistant: Veterans Committee Majority
The Democratic staff of the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a Staff Assistant to handle administrative tasks, event coordination, workflow tracking, constituent communication, research, and other tasks as needed. A qualified candidate has a Bachelors’ degree, Hill or political experience, and knowledge of military and veterans issues. He or she should be extremely organized, hardworking, creative and willing to handle any task necessary get the job done. Perfect job for organized, self-starter looking to work in a fast-paced environment and gain Hill experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women, minorities, and LGBTQ candidates to apply. Veterans are also strongly encouraged to apply. Please submit cover letter and resume to hvactransition@gmail.com with Staff Assistant in the subject line.
 Page 1 of 30

MEM-042-19
The Office of Congressman Ed Case (HI-01) seeks a hardworking and detailed-oriented Staff Assistant in DC. Responsibilities include answering the phone, greeting visitors, leading tours, processing flag requests, and handling other administrative tasks as assigned. Applicants will also perform some legislative-related work, such as writing letters and evaluating bills for cosponsorship. Hawai‘i ties and previous Hill experience strongly preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls or drop-ins. .
The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia seeks an experienced Communications Director to lead her media team. Ideal candidates will possess a strong network of press and Hill contacts, and will have experience creating dynamic communications strategies. Responsibilities include planning and managing all aspects of the Congresswoman’s digital media; writing press releases, op-eds, and talking points; pitching stories; developing messaging; and conveying complex issues to a broad audience. A qualified candidate will have a minimum of 4 years of experience in communications. Hill or other political experience is strongly preferred. Spanish language proficiency is required.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to TX29SG.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “TX-29 Communications Director” in the subject line.
Female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
 MEM-039-19
 Page 2 of 30

MEM-038-19
A Texas Democrat seeks a hardworking Legislative Aide to oversee the mail program and handle a small policy portfolio. Responsibilities include managing a high-volume mail program, researching legislative issues, and drafting timely responses. Ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing skills, and the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Texas ties, knowledge of Fireside 21, and Spanish fluency are a plus, but not required. To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to TX16Resumes@gmail.com and write “Legislative Aide” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
Midwestern Democratic Representative seeks an experienced Communications Director to serve in the Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should have at least three years of experience on the Hill or in an aggressive, proactive media environment. This position will manage all communications and social media functions of the office, including developing communications plans, maintaining relationships with both national and district media, responding to daily media inquiries, and preparing written materials, including speeches, talking points, newsletters, op-eds, and direct mail. Qualified candidates must demonstrate extensive on-the-record experience, creativity with the full range of social media platforms, an ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously, and excellent oral and written communications skills. Knowledge of Congressional process and public policy is highly desirable. This is not an entry-level position. Please submit resume and two writing samples to press.resumes@mail.house.gov.
Democrat seeks Senior Legislative Assistant or Legislative Director depending on qualifications to handle financial services, tax, economic issues, and other domestic policy issues. Candidate must have substantial Congressional experience and understand the legislative process. A successful applicant will possess strong writing and verbal communication skills, work well with others, and be comfortable in a fast-paced environment. To apply, please e-mail a resume and cover letter to financeservicesla@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
 MEM-037-19
 MEM-036-19
 Page 3 of 30

MEM-035-19
PA House Republican member seeks a ro-active, experienced communications director to implement strategic media plan in a fast-paced and results-driven environment. Successful candidates will be comfortable multi-tasking and managing deadlines. Must have proven track-record, and ability to manage website, social media platforms, and experience managing a robust constituent outreach program. Outstanding writing skills and strong managerial skills are required. This is not an entry level position. Qualified candidates should submit resume and cover letter to pa01communication@gmail.com
Northeast Democrat seeks enthusiastic Legislative Director to coordinate and oversee the Member’s legislative agenda, along with advising the Member on legislative activities and leading legislative staff. This is not an entry-level position. An ideal candidate will have at least 3 years of legislative experience on the Hill. Successful applicants must have a demonstrated ability to manage and mentor staff, think strategically, and have experience in formulating strategic plans for advancing legislation. Expert knowledge of House legislative processes and procedures, excellent organization and communication skills, and the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines is required. New Jersey ties are a plus but not required. Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to NJ10resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: First name Last Name - Legislative Director. Applications received by January 16, 2019 will receive priority. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT: Senior Member on the House Committee on Transportation & Infrastructure is seeking qualified candidates to staff the Member’s committee assignment in addition to managing a diverse legislative issue portfolio. Candidates should be accomplished at drafting, advancing, and analyzing legislation, monitoring legislative developments, conducting research, and drafting vote recommendations. Ideal candidates will have strong organizational and time management skills, excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a positive attitude. Paramount is a solid knowledge of the legislative process as well as an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in an unpredictable work
 MEM-029-19
 MEM-027-19
Page 4 of 30

 MEM-025-19
environment, all while keeping a sense of humor. This is not an entry-level legislative position. 2-3 years of Hill experience strongly preferred. Mid- South ties are a plus but not required. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested individuals should e-mail a resume and 2 recent writing samples (no longer than 2 pages each) to tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: [First name] [Last Name] – Senior Legislative Assistant. Please be aware this office has a dog. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an attorney for an investigative counsel position. The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics; criminal law; employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel” in the subject line.
Democratic House member from California seeks pro-active, experienced communications director to develop and implement strategic media plan in a fast-paced and results -driven environment. Must have proven track-record, and ability to manage website and social media tools. Outstanding writing skills and strong pitching skills are required. This is not an entry level position. Qualified candidates should submit resume and cover letter to commstaffer@gmail.com.
 MEM-024-19
 Page 5 of 30

MEM-022-19
New England Democrat seeks a motivated and savvy Digital Specialist to support and contribute to the efforts of the communications team. The requirements of this position include the production of high-quality web graphics and videos, as well as filming, taking photos, and livestreaming events. Candidates must possess strong technical skills, advanced creativity and artistic ability, a high level of attention to detail, and strong writing skills. Applicants should have experience with Adobe Photoshop, Premiere, and Illustrator. Experience executing paid social media campaigns a plus. Responsibilities include developing creative graphics, editing and creating custom videos, photography, and assisting with traditional press, all under tight deadlines.
Applicants should send cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to
Hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins.
The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a Staff Assistant to handle administrative tasks, event coordination, workflow tracking, research and other tasks as needed. He or she will work directly with the Staff Director.
A qualified candidate has a bachelors’ degree and Hill experience or knowledge of American politics. He or she should be extremely organized, hardworking, creative and willing to handle any task necessary get the job done. A degree in economics, political science or a related field is helpful but not required. Perfect job for organized, self-starter looking to work in a fast- paced environment and gain Hill experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and referral number 224743 in the subject line. All application materials must be submitted by 5:00 pm EST on February 11.
 MEM-020-19
 Page 6 of 30

MEM-019-19
The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a Senior Policy Analyst to research and write reports, policy memos and other materials; prepare briefing documents for Congressional hearings; monitor economic indicators; conduct quantitative analyses; and oversee the work of mid-level policy staff.
A qualified candidate has a master’s degree in economics, or an MPP degree. In addition, he or she should have excellent quantitative and analytical skills; be able to convey complex information to a non-expert audience; and write clearly and to give careful feedback on others’ writing. He or she should have proficiency with Haver and working with government databases including Current Population Survey (CPS) and Current Employment Statistics (CES). Experience with STATA, EViews, Matlab, or R is a plus.
Applicants should have two+ years in experience in government, think tank or academic research. Experience with the following issues are a plus: trade, climate change, health care, family workplace policies, immigration, consumer protection, automation, outsourcing, inequality, taxation, federal debt or other topics that relate to current issues in economics. Hill experience is preferred but not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three writing samples to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and referral number 224744 in the subject line. All application materials must be submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11.
The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a Press Assistant to work as part of a three-person communications team. Responsibilities include monitoring media coverage; compiling press clips; maintaining press lists; drafting press releases, organizing press events; and assisting with social media.
A qualified candidate has bachelor’s degree in economics, journalism, English, political science or a related field; a proven ability to write well; experience with social media; excellent attention to detail and accuracy; and
 MEM-018-19
Page 7 of 30

 MEM-017-19
strong research skills. Hill experience preferred but not required. Basic graphics or video experience a plus.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two writing samples to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and referral number 224746 in the subject line. All application materials must be submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11.
The Democratic Staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a Communications Director to design and implement an aggressive and creative communications strategy in a challenging media environment. Responsibilities include developing strong relationships with reporters; pitching stories; developing messaging; writing press releases, speeches, op- eds and other documents; planning and reviewing documents by policy staff; preparing the Vice Chair for interviews; building relationships with the communication staffs of other committees and offices; and managing a Digital Media Associate and a Press Assistant.
A qualified candidate has a minimum of five years of experience in communications; an ability to think creatively about strategy and to find opportunities where others don’t see them; demonstrated ability to convey complex information to a wide audience; excellent writing and editing skills, professional experience or coursework in economic or related issues; social media experience; and the ability to manage a team. Hill or other political experience is strongly preferred by not required. Knowledge of economic issues is a plus.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and 3-5 writing samples to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and referral number 224751 in the subject line. All application materials must be submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11.
 Page 8 of 30

MEM-016-19
The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a Digital Media Manager to work as part of a three-person communications team. Responsibilities include helping to create an innovative social media strategy; writing, posting and monitoring social media content; reaching out to social media staff at other organizations; and substantially increasing the number and quality of followers.
A qualified candidate has bachelor’s degree; a minimum of two years working as a social media professional; proven ability to write social media content; excellent attention to detail and accuracy; and strong research skills. Hill experience preferred but not required. Basic graphics or video experience a plus.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and a substantial selection of tweets and Facebook posts (in a Word or PDF document) to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and referral number 224750 in the subject line. All application materials must be submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11.
The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a Research Assistant to help policy staff research, write and fact-check reports, policy briefs, hearing memos, charts and other documents.
A qualified candidate has a bachelor’s or master’s degree in economics, political science or a related degree. In addition, he or she should have excellent analytical skills; an ability to process and simplify complex issues; meticulous attention to detail and an ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously. Hill experience is preferred but not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two writing samples to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and referral number 224745 in the subject line. All application materials must be
 MEM-015-19
 Page 9 of 30

MEM-014-19
The Democratic Staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks an Editor to write, edit and frame Committee materials. Editor will play key role in shaping Committee reports, releases, speeches, op-eds and other documents.
A qualified candidate has a minimum of five years of experience in journalism or communications; excellent writing and editing skills; an ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously; demonstrated ability to convey complex information to a wide audience; mastery of grammar, punctuation and style; and professional experience or strong interest in economic issues. The ideal candidate will have worked in news environment as a reporter/editor, or as an editor at a think tank.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and 3-5 writing samples to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and referral number 224748 in the subject line. All application materials must be submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11.
The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks an Economist to research and write reports, policy memos and other materials; participate in long-term planning of hearings and reports; prepare briefing documents for Congressional hearings; monitor economic indicators; conduct quantitative analyses; and oversee the work of mid-level policy staff.
A qualified candidate has a Ph.D. or master’s degree in economics, or an MPP degree and excellent quantitative and analytical skills. In addition, he or she should be able write clearly and to give careful feedback on others’ writing; convey complex information to a non-expert audience. He or she should have
submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11th.
 MEM-013-19
Page 10 of 30

 MEM-012-19
proficiency in STATA, EViews, Matlab, or R, as well as solid experience with Haver and government databases including the Current Population Survey (CPS) and Current Employment Statistics (CES).
Applicants should have two+ years of experience in government, think tank or academic research. Experience with the following issues are a plus: trade, climate change, health care, family workplace policies, immigration, consumer protection, automation, outsourcing, inequality, taxation, federal debt or other topics that relate to current issues in economics. Hill experience is preferred but not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three writing samples to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and referral number 224749 in the subject line. All application materials must be submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11.
The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a Policy Analyst to help researching and writing reports; drafting policy memos and other documents; preparing for hearings; and fact checking. He or she will report to the senior policy staff and will work closely with the communications team.
A qualified candidate has at least a bachelors’ degree in economics, political science or a related degree; a master’s degree, especially an MPP, is preferred. In addition, he or she should have excellent quantitative and analytical skills; the ability to write clearly; and an ability to convey complex information to a non-expert audience. Hill experience preferred but not required. Experience with Haver and working with government databases including Current Population Survey (CPS) and Current Employment Statistics (CES) are a plus. Two to five years of work experience is expected.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three writing samples to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and referral number 224747 in the subject line. All application materials must be submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11.
  Page 11 of 30

MEM-011-19
Congresswoman Diana DeGette seeks a District Director based in her Denver office. The full job description is below. The ideal candidate will be creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be able to have fun while maintaining a busy schedule. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to degettedistrictdirectorsearch@gmail.com.
SUMMARY:
The District Director manages all aspects of district office operations including community outreach, casework, and staff oversight and represents the Congresswoman at events and meetings throughout the community.
Essential Management Functions
•Manages district office staff; including planning, assigning and directing work. addressing complaints; and resolving problems.
•Manages district office budget and finances.
•Manages the Congresswoman’s schedule in coordination with the district scheduler.
•Manages staff outreach to the local community with the assistance of the outreach coordinator.
•Oversees the management of constituent casework with the Deputy District Director coordinator.
•Ensures clear communication with the DC office and regular reporting of district office activities to the Congresswoman.
•Coordinates closely with DC staff to develop and implement the overall strategic plan for the Congresswoman’s staff.
Additional Essential Job Functions
•Initiates and maintains key relationships with elected and non-elected leaders in the congressional district.
•Develops a keen understanding of the local political climate and the needs and concerns of all the constituencies within the congressional district. •Actively promotes the Congresswoman’s legislative goals and accomplishments in the local community.
 Page 12 of 30

MEM-009-19
•Maintains direct outreach connections with specific constituencies as assigned based on experience and the needs of the office.
•Represents the Congresswoman and/or assigns appropriate staff to do so in meetings and at events with elected officials and local groups in the district. •Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends. •Assists constituents as needed.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Democratic Chair-elect of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks to fill a Clerk opening on the Full Committee staff. Duties include assisting with the preparation and conduct of markups, assisting with hearing preparation, maintaining and archiving Committee records, assisting with the printing of Committee documents, and executing other administrative duties as needed. Applicants should possess strong organizational and communication skills, the ability to work under tight deadlines, and be able to multi-task effectively. Hill experience is required. Previous clerking experience is strongly preferred. Please send a resume and cover letter to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This position will close on January 9, 2019.
Description
Rep. Elijah E. Cummings is seeking a detail-oriented communications professional to join the staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform as Press Secretary. The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, a proactive team player, have experience with rapid responses, and be able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. This position reports directly to the Communications Director.
Key Responsibilities
•Develop day-to-day press materials, including press releases, talking points, statements, and media advisories.
•Field and respond to media inquiries.
•Seek to correct inaccurate reporting.
•Strategize with the Communications Director on interview requests. •Staff the congressman at interviews and press events.
•Physically manage the press at Committee hearings.
•Work closely with member relations Committee staff to achieve goals for Committee Members.
•Liaison with committee member and other congressional offices. •Organize press conferences.
 MEM-007-19
Page 13 of 30

 MEM-006-19
MEM-005-19
•Assist with overall communications strategy. •Other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications
•A Bachelor’s degree in Journalism, English, Public Relations, or a closely related field preferred.
•A minimum of four years of media relations and/or social media coordination experience.
•Experience with rapid responses.
•A strong ability to perform multiple tasks accurately and efficiently in a fast- paced environment.
•Previous campaign experience a plus.
•Previous Hill experience a plus.
To Apply
Submit a cover letter and resume to oversightpress@mail.house.gov with “Press Secretary Application” in the subject line. Applications will be accepted until January 18. Please no drop-by applications, phone calls, or separate emails.
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Senior Health LA for Washington office. Not an entry level job. Law degree a plus. Email cover letter, resume, and three references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins please) Reply with subject line, Senior Health LA.
Senior California Democrat seeks a motivated, energetic, and detail-oriented Scheduler for the Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include coordinating and maintaining the Member’s schedule, drafting personal correspondence, and occasionally driving the member. Qualified applicants must be personable, dependable, and able to juggle multiple tasks with competing priorities. California ties preferred. Sense of humor required. To apply, please submit resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com
  Page 14 of 30

MEM-513-18
The Office of Congresswoman-Elect Veronica Escobar (TX-16) seeks a Scheduler to begin in the new year. This individual will be responsible for maintaining the Member-Elect's official schedule, travel plans, personal schedule, along with coordinating press interviews, radio and television time with the Press Secretary; legislative briefings and hearings with the Legislative team and other tasks as assigned. This position will also be in charge of coordinating with the district director all district visits. This is NOT AN ENTRY LEVEL position. Prior Capitol Hill experience and previous scheduling and administrative experience (one year in a similar position) is required. Texas, southwest ties and Spanish language proficiency a plus. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. This position will report directly to the Chief of Staff and will require availability by phone and email on weekends and evenings. Please email resume, writing sample and cover letter to tx16resumes@gmail.com with the subject line SCHEDULER APPLICATION.
The Office of Congresswoman-Elect Veronica Escobar (TX-16) seeks a Staff Assistant to start in the new year and join an active office in Washington, DC. Responsibilities will include managing front desk operations, answering phones, sorting mail, coordinating tours, supervising interns, greeting visitors, processing flag requests and other duties as assigned.
This is an entry-level position and prior Hill internship preferred. Successful candidates will be able to adapt to a startup environment and work under tight deadlines. Texas, southwest ties and Spanish language proficiency a plus, women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Please email resume, writing sample and cover letter to tx16resumes@gmail.com with the subject line STAFF ASSISTANT APPLICATION.
Progressive New York City Member seeks Legislative Director to oversee and support the Member’s legislative priorities. Responsibilities include providing the Member with vote recommendations, setting legislative priorities and managing staff to achieve them, planning dynamic events to raise awareness of the Member’s actions, writing talking points, liaising with community leaders, and spearheading legislative initiatives within their own portfolio. Ideal candidates will have a strong understanding of housing and immigration policy, an advanced degree, and 3-5 years of legislative experience on Capitol Hill. Strong written and verbal skills are essential as is the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. This is not an entry-level position and New York City ties are a plus.
Interested parties should email a cover letter and resume to
 MEM-512-18
 MEM-511-18
Page 15 of 30

 MEM-510-18
Kendall.Mitchell@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director” in the subject line. This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Rep. Ro Khanna, a very active leader of the Progressive Caucus, seeks a Digital Specialist and Press Aide to create original content in videos, social media and other messaging vehicles to expand the reach of the Member’s vision and priorities. This individual will work collaboratively with the Communications Director in managing the Member’s social media channels (Facebook, Twitter and Instagram) and using the platforms to frequently share content and elevate the Member’s online presence.
The Digital Specialist and Press Aide will work the Communications Director to design and implement a robust communications/digital/social media plan. This individual will be proficient in video/audio production, graphic design and editing. Audio and video clips of various topics and events attended by the Member will be used to develop creative content for use within videos and online communications distributed by the office.
Successful candidates will possess at least two years of relevant video experience in a legislative office, political organization or progressive advocacy group; proficiency in video filming, editing and graphic design software; knowledge of live-streaming platforms, digital trends and developments in media; and strong organizational, time-management, problem-solving and story-telling skills. After hours and weekend responsiveness will be required.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, two writing samples, three graphic design samples and links to three samples of video work. Please apply to RepRoKhannaCA17@gmail.com, applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
 Page 16 of 30

MEM-504-18
Events Coordinator/Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active and visible constituent services staff.
The Events Coordinator is also a caseworker who helps constituents with federal issues but spends a good part of the time managing and directing very diverse city-wide and neighborhood events that relate to the Congresswoman’s congressional and constituent responsibilities, including staying on top of everyday events in the Member’s district that keep the community connected to the Member’s work. The Events Coordinator takes the lead in our frequent Norton-In-Your Neighborhood meetings with constituents and in developing major events, among them, the Small Business Fair and Job Fair.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks. The office prizes staff able to think outside the box and work independently while also being available to assist in co-worker projects where necessary or requested. Prior community or event planning experience is desirable. The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, excellent writing and communication skills, experience interacting with the public and leadership qualities. Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to DC if hired.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter and references to
dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.
The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently seeking a Deputy Clerk to assist the Chief Clerk in the 116th Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to archiving and records keeping, notices and circulations, official filings, editing letters and reports, hearing, markup and conference logistics and proceeding, bill drops and floor logistics, redlines, updates to the website, managing intern and fellowship program, maintaining the documents room, updating and maintaining the Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned. Candidates should possess exceptional organizational skills, be comfortable with public speaking, and have excellent writing and research skills. The Deputy clerk will be required to assume all clerking duties in the absence of the Chief Clerk. Previous congressional experience is highly encouraged. Salary commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should email their cover
 MEM-456-18
Page 17 of 30

MEM-411-18
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Ranking Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of investigative or litigation experience. Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self- motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject line. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
letter, resume and writing sample to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. To ensure proper identification, please put “DEPUTY CLERK APPLICATION” in the subject line.
  Page 18 of 30

Page 19 of 30

 Page 20 of 30

  Page 21 of 30

 Page 22 of 30

Page 23 of 30

Page 24 of 30

Page 25 of 30

Page 26 of 30

Page 27 of 30

Page 28 of 30

Page 29 of 30

       Page 30 of 30
