  House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
  MEM-154-16
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 23, 2016
Southern Democratic Member seeking a Military Legislative Assistant (MLA). This is not a senior position. It is important that the MLA have experience with military or a strong military background, familiarity with the NDAA, overall budgeting, and the ability to track major acquisition and RDT&E programs. Additionally, prior legislative experience with the Defense Authorization and Appropriations Process is preferred. An ability to multitask and work under tight deadlines is necessary. Georgia ties are helpful. Candidates that can engage in creative policy-making are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume to costochj@gmail.com.
Southern Democratic Office seeks a scheduler/office manager. The staffer will maintain the Member’s official schedule, travel plans, and related records. Brief the Member on scheduling activities in Washington and present proposed meetings to Chief of Staff and Member for input. Coordinates the scheduling of press, interview, radio, and television with the Communications
 MEM-153-16
Page 1 of 5

 MEM-152-16
Director. This is not an entry-level position. Metropolitan Atlanta-ties a plus. Please send inquiries to COStoCHJ@gmail.com.
The House Committee on Science, Space and Technology (Majority) is seeking experienced candidates for the position of Communications Director. The successful candidate will be a strong writer who can communicate public policy on a District, state and national level and can operate in a fast-moving, high pressure environment. Candidate will be responsible for managing committee press team and coordinating with professional staff, as well as working with press secretaries in Committee Members’ personal offices. Qualified candidates must be able to draft op-eds and press releases, and proactively work with the local and national media. All candidates must have at least three years of professional experience. Please submit a resume and writing sample to house.science.committee@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
Florida Progressive Democrat seeks Legislative Correspondent with excellent writing, research, and communications skills as well as the ability to work in a fast-paced team environment. The ideal candidate will have a sense of humor, be a detail-oriented self-starter who is willing to take on additional tasks as assigned. Candidate should have a least 1 year of related Capitol Hill experience, a car and driver’s license, and have familiarity with IQ constituent management system. Florida ties and Spanish speaker are a plus. Please send resume, cover letter including salary requirement, references, and two independently written examples of legislative correspondence to FL09job@gmail.com. No emails, calls or drop by please.
The Committee on Ethics seeks an experienced office administrator to serve as the Director of Administration for the Committee. The Director of Administration will oversee the Committee’s administrative functions and will manage a nonpartisan administrative staff who are responsible for ensuring the efficient operation of the Committee’s work. This is a non- partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess a minimum of 5 years of experience with government administrative process, outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, and the sound judgment. Experience in one or more of the following areas is also desirable: accounting, office administration, and familiarity with Congress. Previous management experience preferred. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and a list of references to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Director of Administration” in the subject line.
The Committee on Ethics seeks an experienced attorney for an investigative counsel position. The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings
 MEM-151-16
 MEM-150-16
MEM- 149-16
Page 2 of 5

 MEM-145-16
regarding Members and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics, criminal law, civil litigation, administrative investigations and adjudications, depositions, and financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel” in the subject line.
Indiana Republican Rep. Luke Messer seeks full-time press assistant/staff assistant in the Washington, D.C. office. The ideal candidate will have experience or education in digital media, new media or journalism. Strong writing skills are a must, and an ability to boil down complex issues into easily understandable social media content is ideal. The press assistant/staff assistant must be a self-starter with the ability to learn and grow in a fast- paced environment. The press assistant/staff assistant will be responsible for press clips, daily social media posts, assisting the communications director with press releases and press inquiries, answering phones, giving tours, and interacting with constituents. Experience creating graphics and editing video is not required, but an ability and interest in learning to do both is a must. Resumes and cover letters can be sent to press.messer@mail.house.gov.
Pacific Northwest Democrat seeks Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant for Washington, D.C. office. Primary responsibilities include managing the office mail program and ensuring that constituent correspondence is responded to in a timely manner. The Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant will also assist the Communications Director with press-related materials, research, daily news clips, and media tracking.
Strong, proven writing skills a must; previous Capitol Hill experience, familiarity with Intranet Quorum software, and ties to the Pacific Northwest strongly preferred. Please send resume, cover letter, and two independently written examples of legislative correspondence on topic of applicant’s choice to heck.resumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop-bys please.
Congresswoman Anna G. Eshoo (CA-18) seeks a Communications Director to handle all media matters. Duties include long-term planning, working with local and national reporters, producers, and bookers, as well as conducting proactive media outreach, managing online communications, and drafting press releases, op-eds, and speeches. The position requires a close partnership with legislative and district staff, attention to detail, and the ability to work well under pressure.
 MEM-144-16
 MEM-143-16
Page 3 of 5

 MEM-142-16
The Communications Director also oversees an active social media, online operation, and email communications program. The position requires excellent organizational skills, understanding of message development, sound judgement, a positive attitude and the ability to work well in a team environment. Hill experience preferred. This is not an entry level position. Email cover letter, resume, references, and two writing samples to ca18resumes@gmail.com. NO CALLS OR DROP BYS PLEASE.
Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. of California seeks a Caseworker for his Palm Desert, California district office. Successful candidates will have previous experience in social work, familiarity with federal agencies, excellent written and oral communication skills, be team-oriented, and comfortable working both independently and as part of a team. Prior experience working for federal, state, or local government is a plus. Candidates with fluency or strong verbal and written proficiency in Spanish are strongly preferred. Strong knowledge or connection with Riverside County and California’s 36th Congressional District is a plus. Availability for evening and weekend assignments is required.
Caseworkers in the Office of Congressman Ruiz assist constituents by navigating complex casework through federal agencies in areas such as veterans’ affairs, social security, housing, immigration. Caseworkers also assess casework and community activities for matters warranting legislative action.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to Octavio.Gonzalez@mail.house.gov. Please write “Caseworker” in the subject line of your email message.
PLEASE NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
North Carolina Democrat seeks a Communications Director with at least 2 years of experience. This person will be responsible for planning and executing a proactive and aggressive media and community outreach strategy. Candidates must have excellent writing skills, be creative, energetic, politically astute and able to work well in a fast-paced collaborative environment. It is preferred that candidates have prior on-the-record experience, have drafted all forms of communications materials—especially op-eds—and an ability to respond to challenging situations quickly and strategically. Candidates should have a track-record of successfully pitching both national and local media entities as well as existing relationships with DC reporters and producers. Responsibilities include serving as spokesperson, drafting press releases and advisories, op-eds, and talking points. This person will also manage a press secretary and be responsible of implementing a strategic social media outreach. North Carolina ties preferred. The Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and strongly values the diversity of its
 MEM-141-16
Page 4 of 5

 MEM-140-16
employees. We encourage women and people of color to apply. Please send cover letter, resume and two writing samples (including a press release) to NCHouseJobs@gmail.com with Communications Director in subject line. No calls or drop ins.
Senior Democrat seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse portfolio of issues including science, technology, education, energy, and agriculture. Staffer must be able to handle multiple projects simultaneously in a demanding office environment; must have superior written and oral communications skills; and must be able to interface effectively with committee staff. This is not an entry-level position and prior Capitol Hill experience either as a Legislative Correspondent or Legislative Assistant is required. Please send resume with cover letter to txdemjobs@gmail.com. No phone calls or walk-ins will be considered.
 Page 5 of 5
