    MEM-194-16
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 4, 2016
U.S. Member of Congress in New York seeks a Legislative Assistant for the D.C. Office. Individuals will handle a portfolio of legislative issues including small business, economic development, housing, environment, immigration, and foreign affairs – including the Middle East and Caribbean. This individual is responsible for drafting legislation and amendments, tracking legislative, developing legislative initiatives, writing speeches and floor statements, staffing the Member in Committee, and representing the Member in meetings with constituents and interested parties. Applicants should have excellent written and verbal communication skills, work well under pressure in a fast- paced environment, be a strong team player, and have at least two years of legislative experience on Capitol Hill. This is a full-time permanent position. Ties to New York are a plus. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please be sure to put LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT in the subject line.
PLEASE NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS Page 1 of 5
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
 
MEM-189-16
An Equal Opportunity Employer.
The press office of Rules Committee Ranking Member Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is looking for talented candidates with a passion for public policy messaging, strong writing and communications skills, and the ability to work collaboratively.
The ideal candidate:
• Has Capitol Hill and campaign experience
• Writes beautiful speeches with historical references
• Is an expert social media manager with attention to detail • Enjoys making info graphics during lunch breaks
• Does not offend easily during the editing process
• Likes staying up late and waking up early
• Loves Rochester, NY and the Rules Committee
Applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to employ@mail.house.gov.
A Senior Member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee is seeking a skilled and experienced Legislative Assistant to handle foreign policy and related issues. Candidates should have relevant Capitol Hill experience, excellent communications skills, and a background in foreign policy and/or an advanced degree. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to ForeignAffairsLA@gmail.com.
California Republican seeks qualified Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent for Washington, DC office. Duties include management of constituent correspondence program, flag requests, tour coordinating, and general administrative duties. Applicants must demonstrate excellent writing and research ability, be self-starters, energetic, and have strong organizational and time management skills. Please send resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to CARepublicanjobs@gmail.com.
Senior House Democrat seeks experienced individual to handle all facets of the member’s Washington, D.C. schedule as well as staffing the reception area. Scheduler responsibilities include managing heavy volume of meeting, speaking and traveling requests, provide transportation (which can include late evenings), manage personal correspondence, greeting visitors and answering phones. Qualified applicants must be detail oriented, able to work in a fast-paced environment and possess excellent oral and written communication skills. Spanish fluency a plus. Salary commensurate with experience. Please send cover letter and resume to: one_vacancy@yahoo.com.
 MEM-184-16
MEM-183-16
MEM-182-16
   Page 2 of 5

MEM-179-16
The office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and hard-working communications director to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The communications director will be responsible for coordinating with the legislative team and member to develop and implement all communications activities for the office, including acting as the member's spokesperson and drafting op-eds, speeches, press releases, and newsletters.
The successful applicant will be an excellent writer and editor, clear thinker, and persuasive advocate for individual liberty, economic freedom, and the Constitution. He or she must demonstrate a breadth of policy knowledge, familiarity with the legislative process, and the ability to exercise sound, independent judgment. Individuals who prefer staid and steady work or who avoid challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must be libertarian (classical liberal and constitutional conservative), have a BA or equivalent, and have at least two years of professional experience. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "communications director applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
Seeking a Communications Director to develop and implement aggressive communications strategy with local and national media. Ideal applicant is a quick and clean writer, detail-oriented, able to juggle numerous tasks successfully and best under tight deadlines. Responsibilities include writing press releases, speeches, op-eds, talking points, franked mail pieces and newsletters; coordinating interviews with reporters, setting up press events and press conferences, developing relationships with the media; implementing district outreach activities (as it relates to press); responding to media inquiries and coordinating the office’s online and social media operations.
Requires strong written and oral communication skills, creativity, and the ability to work well with legislative and district office staff. An ideal candidate will possess a minimum of 3-5 years of communications experience, a demonstrated understanding of federal politics and policy and a desire to work in a fast-paced and fluid environment. Bilingual a plus. Valid driver’s license desired. Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is required.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume and three writing samples to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-167-16
 Page 3 of 5

MEM-166-16
Please be sure to put COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR in the subject line. PLEASE NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
Bay Area legislative office seeking District Scheduler / Office Manager: Responsibilities include coordinating the legislator’s California schedule by making travel and meeting arrangements while anticipating and responding to day-to-day developments; serving as the office's primary point of contact for constituents, elected officials, and nonprofit and advocacy organizations seeking meetings in the district; coordinating with staff (including field, legislative, press, and campaign) to identify schedule priorities, and then working proactively to make short- and long-term decisions to implement plans; working directly with the district director, the legislator, and his family, on logistics for work, travel, and personal matters. Also responsible for assisting the Capitol office and District Director on maintaining financial and expense records, and with various administrative duties. Opportunities for additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and abilities. A successful candidate will be highly organized, detail oriented, possess strong writing skills, have experience working in a fast-paced office, and the ability to maintain a professional, flexible, and cheerful demeanor while managing multiple and competing tasks and projects. Please send cover letter and resume to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov.
New England Democrat and member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee seeks legislative assistant for Washington office. Applicants should possess excellent writing skills, energy, enthusiasm, attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced team environment, and a good sense of humor. Legislative portfolio includes, but is not limited to, work on Veterans’ Affairs Committee issues, healthcare, and defense. Previous experience in veterans or health care policy is required. Responsibilities include developing proactive legislative initiatives, tracking legislation, drafting correspondence and statements, and representing the Member in meetings. New England ties preferred and veterans strongly encouraged to apply. Applicants should send cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
Congresswoman Dina Titus of Nevada seeks a Veteran Affairs Caseworker/Field Representative for her Las Vegas District Office. Successful candidates will have previous experience in social work, familiarity with federal agencies, excellent written and oral communication skills, be team-oriented, and comfortable working both independently and as part of a team. Strong knowledge or connection with Nevada’s First Congressional District is a plus. Availability for evening and weekend assignments is required. Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to Mike.Naft@mail.house.gov. Please write “Caseworker” in the subject line of your email message.
 MEM-164-16
 MEM-162-16
 Page 4 of 5

MEM-161-16
California Democrat is seeking a highly organized, hard-working executive assistant/scheduler to develop and maintain Member’s official schedule both short and long term, and to organize domestic and international travel logistics. This position also works closely with the chief of staff on administrative duties.
A successful candidate will have excellent written and oral communications skills and attention to detail, exhibit good judgement, efficiently problem solve, possess a positive attitude, work well in a team environment, and have a good sense of humor. Previous scheduling experience preferred. Office is an equal opportunity employer. Salary commensurate with experience. Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and writing sample cademocrat.scheduler@gmail.com.
 Page 5 of 5
