 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-256-17
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 31, 2017
Democratic House Member seeks a Staff Assistant for Washington, D.C.
office.
Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering the telephone, scheduling tours and responding to constituent requests for general information and other inquiries. This position also monitors delivery and pickup of materials, maintains the front office, and assists with various administrative duties. The staff assistant also helps manage the intern program. Please send cover letter and resume to castaffassistant1996@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Democratic Member of Congress from North Carolina seeks a Legislative Director for D.C. Office. This individual is responsible for drafting legislation and amendments, tracking legislation, developing legislative initiatives, writing speeches and floor statements, staffing the Member in Committee, and representing the Member in meetings with constituents and interested parties. Applicants should have excellent written and verbal communication skills, work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment,
 MEM-243-17
Page 1 of 6

 MEM-235-17
be a strong team player, and have at least two years of legislative experience on Capitol Hill. Ties to North Carolina are a plus. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two brief writing samples along with three references to nchousejobs@gmail.com. No drop-ins or phone calls. The office is an equal opportunity employer.
Midwest Republican is seeking a Deputy Scheduler for his Washington, D.C. office. Daily responsibilities include, but are not limited to: supporting the Director of Scheduling, assisting the Director with maintaining the Member’s D.C. schedule, efficiently logging and responding to meeting and speaking requests, booking official travel for the Member, and screening calls for the Member. The Deputy Scheduler must be flexible to working outside of normal business hours as the Member’s schedule requires. Strong organization and communication skills are necessary. Applicants should be able to handle a fast-paced work environment. To apply for the position, send your cover letter and resume to: gopdeputyscheduler17@gmail.com.
The office of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz is seeking an experienced Legislative Director/Counsel to oversee and support the Member’s legislative priorities and all other relevant legislative and policy work.
Responsibilities include advising the Member on all matters in the issue portfolio which will include Foreign Policy and Health Care; developing and advancing legislative proposals; analyzing legislation and drafting vote recommendations and talking points for floor and committee proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; representing the Member before constituents and stakeholders; and supervising the legislative staff. The ideal candidate must have a law or advanced degree; significant foreign policy and Jewish Community experience; experience advising a Member of Congress; experience advancing policy proposals; excellent written and verbal communication skills; and enjoy working in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Prior work in another Congressional or Senate office with Florida ties is a plus.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Legislative Director/Counsel.” Please save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Application materials must be received by 12:00pm EST July 31, 2017.
The Office of Congressman Paul D. Tonko (NY-20) seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized Congressional Aide to be based out of its
 MEM-231-17
 MEM-223-17
Page 2 of 6

  MEM-205-17
Albany, NY office. This is an entry-level position with regular evening and weekend duties, and an annual base salary of approximately $30,000.
The Congressional Aide’s responsibilities will include staffing the Congressman, coordinating some of the District Office’s outreach efforts, especially its Mobile Office Hours program, supporting social media efforts, and providing some administrative support to the Congressman’s scheduling operation. Applicant must have a great sense of humor, strong writing skills, the ability to learn quickly, and a solid team mentality. Finally, a valid driver’s license with daily access to a vehicle and good driving record are required.
This is an entry level position. The Office of Congressman Paul D. Tonko is an equal opportunity employer. Interested individuals should email a cover letter, résumé, and a writing sample of no less than one (1) page and no more than five (5) pages to NY20jobs@mail.house.gov with “Team Tonko” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
The deadline for submissions is Tuesday, August 8, 2017. Cover letters should be addressed to:
Congressman Paul D. Tonko 19 Dove Street
Suite 302
Albany, NY 12210
The Office of Congressman Brian Mast is seeking a Press Assistant/Legislative Correspondent who excels at filming and editing videos. In addition to being a strong writer, the ideal candidate will also have experience with graphic design, social media and basic HTML. Press responsibilities will include filming/editing videos, posting to social media, photographing events, writing/producing newsletters, maintaining the website, speech writing, and other responsibilities as assigned. Legislative responsibilities will include drafting constituent mail and researching policy issues. To apply, please send resume and work samples to brianmastpress@gmail.com.
Rep. Al Green seeks a Scheduler/Office Manager for his Washington, DC Office. Responsibilities include developing and managing the Member’s daily schedule and travel arrangements; organizing the Member’s daily briefing materials; occasionally driving the Member to events, evaluating all incoming invitations and meeting requests; communicating with constituents by phone and email quickly to address requests, concerns, and questions; maintaining office records and office supplies; serving as the emergency office coordinator; and performing other duties as required.
Applicants must have superior organizational skills, strong written and communication skills, poise and ability to thrive in a fast paced environment.
 MEM-203-17
Page 3 of 6

 MEM-200-17
The Scheduler/Office Manager will work closely with the Member and Chief of Staff as well as other DC and District staff to coordinate the Member’s short-term and long-term schedule. Previous scheduling and/ or Capitol Hill experience is highly desirable; Texas ties are a plus.
The position involves long hours and availability by phone on weekends and evenings. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins.
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects. This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $30,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE.
Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated and organized individual with strong writing and interpersonal skills who can manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure. The legislative associate is responsible for responding to constituent mail, including any research necessary to write an adequate response to the mail; monitoring House floor procedures; assisting the legislative director with drafting legislation; meeting with constituents and interested individuals/organizations; preparing congressional record entries; assisting the communications director with updating the website and Facebook and Twitter pages; and other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be a results-oriented problem solver and a motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Candidate must have a bachelor's degree, excellent writing and communication skills. Candidate must be a resident of, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
 MEM-199-17
Page 4 of 6

 MEM-192-17
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two writing samples to (202) 225-1129(fax) or DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov.
Republican office seeks a motivated individual for the role of Staff Assistant. Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering phones, scheduling and leading tours, and responding to constituent requests for general information and other inquiries. This position requires oversight in maintaining the front office and assisting with various administrative duties. The Staff Assistant must maintain a good relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents. He or she must be willing accept performance based criticism and direction while working well under pressure. As with any job on Capitol Hill, the applicant must be open to having a flexible schedule. Salary is commensurate with experience. Previous Hill experience and ties to Virginia preferred but not required. Please send cover letter, résumé, and any recommendations to GOPapplicant@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include managing the Congressman’s D.C. schedule, tracking and responding to invitations, and maintaining accurate lists of annual meetings and long-term planning. The Scheduler/EA is also responsible for management of the intern program and junior staff, vouchering, reimbursements and budget tracking. The position will also involve management of office equipment and purchasing. Please send cover letter and resume to dcscheduler1@gmail.com. Salary commensurate with experience.
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and self-motivated legislative assistant focused on economics to join our Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. He or she will be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues, including budget and appropriations, commerce, defense, housing, social welfare, and taxation.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. He or she must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
 MEM-191-17
 MEM-145-17
Page 5 of 6

Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. A degree in economics or at least two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
This job opportunity was first posted late last year, but no interviews were conducted. Previous applicants still interested in this opportunity should resubmit their materials, as previous submissions will not be considered.
 Page 6 of 6
