  House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
  MEM-111-17
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 3, 2017
Senior Democratic Member seeks Policy Advisor to serve in personal office and on Committee staff. Position will develop and implement legislative initiatives, conduct oversight and investigations, write floor speeches and committee statements, and handle meetings with constituents and interest groups on behalf of Member. Portfolio is flexible, but will likely include civil liberties, voting rights, criminal justice, immigration and special projects as necessary. Law degree is strongly preferred, but will consider other advanced degrees with significant Hill experience. To apply, please email a cover letter and resume with the words “Policy Advisor” in the subject line to job_09@live.com. Please paste your cover letter in the body of the email – do not send letter as an attachment.
Florida Democratic Member is seeking a District Press Assistant to join an aggressive communications team. This position will report to the DC-based Communications Director. Responsibilities include managing the member’s social media accounts; coordinating district press events and interviews; drafting advisories, e-newsletters, social media content (including graphics); staffing the member at district events, including driving the member; and
 MEM-110-17
Page 1 of 6

 MEM-109-17
other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates must demonstrate a familiarity with implementing and measuring social media strategy. This position requires excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to detail, an ability to multitask and prioritize competing priorities, and a commitment to working in a team environment. Florida ties and previous Hill or campaign experience preferred. Qualified applicants should submit resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and social media samples to DistrictPressAssistant.FL@gmail.com.
Democratic Member of Congress from North Carolina seeks a Legislative Assistant for D.C. Office. The legislative portfolio includes small business, financial services, and health. This individual is responsible for drafting legislation and amendments, tracking legislation, developing legislative initiatives, writing speeches and floor statements, staffing the Member in Committee, and representing the Member in meetings with constituents and interested parties. Applicants should have excellent written and verbal communication skills, work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment, be a strong team player, and have at least two years of legislative experience on Capitol Hill. Ties to North Carolina are a plus. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two brief writing samples along, and three references to nchousejobs@gmail.com. Please be sure to put LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT in the subject line. No drop-ins or phone calls. This office is an equal opportunity employer.
The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Majority) is looking to hire a new Full Committee Staff Assistant.
The front office Staff Assistant would report directly to the Committee Clerk and should have excellent oral and communication skills, strong organization skills, attention to detail, a positive attitude and ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others, patience, and sense of humor.
Qualified candidates please send résumés only to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “HVAC Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins.
Your résumé will be reviewed to determine if you are among the top candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an interview.
Professional Staff Member - Republican Committee in the House of Representatives seeks candidate with extensive background in health care policy, with particular emphasis on employer-based health care
programs. Congressional experience desired. Good writing and research skills necessary. Please send resumes to edandworkresumes@mail.house.gov
 MEM-108-17
 MEM-093-17
 Page 2 of 6

MEM-091-17
Congresswoman Alma Adams (NC-12) is seeking applicants for District Director. The District Director will oversee management and operation of the District office, serve as a key liaison to local organizations and elected officials, and develop and implement long-term strategic outreach and constituent services plans. Qualified candidates will demonstrate significant management experience, strong oral and written communications skills, self- motivation and familiarity to local and state organizations. In addition, qualified candidates must have prior experience in coalition building, a thorough understanding of the federal legislative process, and in-depth knowledge of Mecklenburg County, North Carolina. The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under pressure, and the flexibility to work long hours, including nights and weekends as needed. Ties to North Carolina’s 12th Congressional District are preferred and the position is based in Charlotte, NC.
To apply for the District Director position, please send cover letter and resume to nchousejobs@gmail.com with “District Director” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with experience. This is NOT an entry-level position. No phone calls, drop-ins or faxes.
The office is an equal opportunity employer.
Bay Area Congressman seeks Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse portfolio of issues with particular emphasis on Transportation & Infrastructure Committee responsibilities. Prior legislative experience on Capitol Hill required and understanding of California infrastructure priorities and California ties preferred. Candidates should have excellent research, writing, and communication skills. Duties include identifying and advancing policy proposals, committee hearing and mark-up preparation, meetings with constituents and advocacy organizations, working with California stakeholders, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Successful candidates should possess strong interpersonal skills and a willingness to work in a team environment. Salary commensurate with experience. Office is an equal opportunity employer.
Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample to CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.
The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking a health care professional with expert knowledge of health care quality and safety, care coordination, integrated health care systems, and health care administration to serve as a Health Care Investigator. This position involves examining agency health care activities and composing analytical documents and policy recommendations in an extremely fast-paced environment. The ideal candidate will have developed this experience as a nurse (specializing in care coordination or health care informatics), a physician, or a mental health
 MEM-086-17
 MEM-083-17
Page 3 of 6

 MEM-082-17
professional with strong analytical skills and management experience. A health care-related investigatory background is preferred, but not required. Veterans with requisite experience strongly encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send their (1) cover letter, (2) resume, (3) references, and (4) writing sample of a clinical, analytical, or policy nature to VAR.Resumes@Mail.house.gov with "Health Care Investigator" in the subject line. No walk-ins, please.
The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking an IT professional with technical, project management, and policy expertise to serve as an Information Technology Investigator. This position involves examining agency IT activities and translating highly technical subject matter into analytical documents and policy recommendations in an extremely fast- paced environment; it is not a developer or operations role. Program/project manager, senior analyst, or subject matter expert-level experience managing enterprise modernization efforts is required. Government agency, contractor, or corporate backgrounds are equally acceptable. Health informatics, particularly electronic health records, experience is strongly preferred. Qualified veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Prior Hill experience is helpful but not necessary. Interested candidates should send their (1) cover letter, (2) resume, (3) references, and (4) writing sample of a policy or analytical nature to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with "IT Investigator" in the subject line. No walk-ins please.
Midwestern Democratic Member is seeking an experienced legislative staffer to handle a portfolio including health care and education. Ideal candidate will have prior experience as a Legislative Assistant or otherwise managing health care and education policy. Candidate must be proficient at advancing legislation, analyzing and briefing on complex policy issues, and drafting a wide array of written materials. Strong written and verbal communication skills and a demonstrated ability to work collaboratively in a team environment are critical. This is not an entry level position and interns will not be considered. At least three years of Hill or other relevant professional experience is required. Applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to resume.la@mail.house.gov.
Senior GOP Member looking for an experienced Communications Director. Candidates should have Hill experience, strong writing skills and experience working with the media. Salary commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should send their cover letter, resume and writing samples to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov.
Congressman John Delaney is seeking a high energy, highly-organized, and detail oriented Staff Assistant for either his Gaithersburg or Hagerstown District Office.
 MEM-078-17
 MEM-077-17
MEM-075-17
 Page 4 of 6

 MEM-072-17
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Provide staff coverage for the District Office, answer constituent phone calls and visits and oversee the handling of constituent correspondence.
• Review and assign incoming casework.
• Act as a liaison between constituents and other government agencies.
• Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner; proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
• Train and supervise interns to handle routine office matters, such as incoming correspondence, visitors, telephone calls, and other issues that may arise.
• Maintain office supplies and equipment. Oversee the maintenance of the office organizational system.
• Handle other tasks as assigned.
QUALIFICA TIONS:
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
• Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with competing priorities.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment.
• Availability to work nights and weekends, if needed.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process.
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to MD06.Jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Communications Director to manage and coordinate all media and public relations activities in a very busy and dynamic office. The ideal candidate will be able to develop integrated communications plans, collaborate effectively with colleagues and implement all public relations strategies.
Responsibilities include building and expanding the office’s relationships with media outlets, working with the Chief of Staff and Deputy Chief of Staff to develop media strategies, successfully pitching stories and press events to a wide range of media outlets, responding to and managing media inquiries from diverse media outlets, writing op-eds, speeches, press releases, statements and talking points. Responsibilities will also include working with the deputy communications director in Hawaii as well as maintaining an
Page 5 of 6

active social media profile, manage the Member’s official website, and other tasks.
Potential candidates must be able to keep up with the fast pace of the office, have excellent written and oral communication skills, and strong editing and proofreading abilities. Candidates must be able to develop a keen understanding of the unique priorities and views of the district and find ways to advance the Member’s objectives.
This is a senior level position in a fast-paced office and requires dedication, close attention to detail and the ability to think outside the box. Non- traditional work hours, and travel to the District are required. Hawaii ties, and connections with national media are ideal, veteran applications are welcome.
No calls or drop ins, qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume and writing samples to: hi02jobs@gmail.com.
 Page 6 of 6
