 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
 http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 12, 2019
  MEM-592-19
The Office of Congresswoman Abby Finkenauer (IA-01) seeks an
 experienced, creative, and motivated Communications Director to be a
 senior member of the team. The ideal candidate will possess excellent written
 and verbal communication skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced
 environment, experience developing and pitching stories, and the ability to
 execute a communications plan encompassing DC and in Iowa activities. The
 candidate will also have congressional and/or campaign experience, a good
 sense of humor, be able to foster a positive work environment, and have Iowa
 ties.
 This position would be based out of Washington DC or Iowa, with associated
 travel as needed. The Communications Director will be expected to, among
 other duties: act as the primary spokesperson for the Member; develop and
 maintain relationships with media outlets in Iowa and nationally; implement a
 communications plan in-district and in DC; develop and successfully pitch
 press stories; oversee digital operations; mentor the Press Secretary; develop
 talking points, speeches, and press releases; hold regular media preparation
 sessions; work collaboratively with Iowa and national team members on all
 aspects of the office; and facilitate successful events and earned media in the
 district.
 Page 1 of 8

TO APPLY: Please e-mail a detailed resume and two writing samples to
 . The office is an equal opportunity employer
  and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
 orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
 status, age, marital status, or parental status.
 MEM-587-19
IA01Resumes@mail.house.gov
Responsibilities include: 1) cultivating and maintaining relationships with local and national outlets and reporters; 2) confidentiality, thoughtful discretion, and independent judgement in representing the Member’s position on policy issues; and 3) writing speeches, opinions, press releases, statements, book forwards, and other public documents.
Strong candidates will have:
•exceptional communications (written, verbal, and listening) skills; •expertise in all aspects of media standards and relations, including on- and off-record press management;
•digital media and newsroom experience;
•a proven attention to detail;
•the capacity to work under short deadlines in a high profile office; and •knowledge of the legislative process and current events.
Applicants with ties to the South are encouraged to apply. The Office is a collaborative and committed team of public servants -- where good humor and non-traditional work hours are expected. The Office is an equal opportunity employer committed to and benefitting from an inclusive and diverse work environment.
To apply, please e-mail a resume, cover letter and two writing samples in a single combined PDF file to NewJobOpening@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the subject line. Drop-ins, phone calls, correspondence, and inquiries sent anywhere other than to the above e-mail address will not be considered.
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR: Senior House Member seeks an
 experienced communications director to develop and execute press, media,
 and communications operations. This is not an entry-level position.
  MEM-568-19
The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commercial, and
 Administrative Law seeks a hard-working lawyer with significant legal
 experience to serve as counsel.
 Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
 Subcommittee on matters of law and policy; drafting legislation; reviewing
 documents submitted in response to Committee information requests;
 coordinating hearings and witnesses; drafting statements, memos, and briefing
 materials; and providing guidance to offices both on and off the
 Subcommittee on matters of antitrust law.
 Page 2 of 8

A strong background in antitrust is required. Exceptional writing skills, sound
 political judgment, and the ability to work closely and collaboratively with
 other congressional offices and advocacy organizations are also strongly
 preferred. The Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff,
 and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
 MEM-567-19
The Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Energy and Commerce Majority, seeks a counsel to work on investigative issues related to federal departments and agencies, especially those associated with the committee’s broad jurisdiction. Experience with federal agencies under the committee’s jurisdiction, including environment, energy, public health, communications, or consumer protection, is a plus. Desired skills include experience in congressional oversight and investigations and related processes and procedures.
This position includes responsibilities in planning and conducting congressional hearings, overseeing federal agencies, conducting research and investigations, writing and editing, and conducting document review and analysis. Successful candidate will be detail-oriented and possess strong communication and writing skills. Applicants should have a record of professional experience; J.D. required unless applicant has significant experience in the areas described for this position.
Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at least two professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
Rep. Paul Cook’s office seeks a Legislative Assistant to cover Native American, public lands, environmental, and agricultural issues, among others. Experience with House Natural Resources Committee, House Appropriations Interior Subcommittee, and/or the Department of the Interior preferred. California or Western state ties preferred. Strong writing proficiency required. Candidate will be expected to prepare materials for committee hearings and vote recommendations for markups in the House Natural Resources Committee.
This person will also be responsible for drafting, introducing, and managing legislation related to his/her issue areas. Additionally, this person will work with fellow staffers to prepare vote recommendations for legislation before the House. This person will work with the Communications Director to draft press releases, editorials, and social media posts related to the aforementioned policy areas.
to
JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov
 subject line.
. Please include “Antitrust Counsel” in the
    MEM-566-19
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
 Page 3 of 8

 MEM-555-19
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 1-2 years legislative-branch, executive-branch, or relevant experience.
Please send a resume and cover letter to anna.dove2@mail.house.gov.
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks a Press Assistant. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, have strong writing skills, and a strong work ethic.
Duties will include, but are not limited to, drafting press releases, statements, and op-eds; staffing Committee hearings and markups; and assisting with maintenance of the official website and social media platforms. Hill experience and an interest in science policy is a plus.
Qualified applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and sample social media graphic to sciresumes@mail.house.gov with “Press Assistant” in the subject line. We are equal opportunity employers; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
No calls or drop-ins please.
 MEM-541-19
  MEM-539-19
Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure
The Office of Congressman Harley Rouda (CA-48) is seeking a Press/Digital
 Assistant in his Orange County office.
 Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing, and social media skills,
as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing software. One to
 two years of experience in a press or digital media role (including internships)
 preferred.
 This position requires the ability to thrive under pressure, multi-task, and
 work in a team environment.
 Responsibilities include:
•Drafting social posts + press releases
 •Compiling daily press clips
 •Assisting with speechwriting
 •Maintaining/updating website
 •Filming speeches + events
 •Designing graphics + editing photos/videos
 Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and a short writing
 sample/portfolio to
ca48resumes@gmail.com
 Press/Digital Assistant" in the subject line.
Page 4 of 8
with "Orange County
   
 MEM-533-19
office. The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing and providing guidance on a high volume of financial disclosure issues, education, and training to Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics, ethics counseling, corporate finance, securities law, and criminal law. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the subject line.
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to work on a broad range of portfolio issues. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy.
This is not an entry level position. Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. North Carolina ties preferred. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Southern Republican seeks an energetic Press Assistant to support Communications Director. The ideal candidate will have experience in social media management and communications. Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to efficiently communicate while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include maintaining social media accounts to consistent communication with media networks.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Press Assistant” in the subject line.
  MEM-532-19
 Page 5 of 8

MEM-531-19
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Communications Director. The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of member experience on the Hill. This is not an entry level position. Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to create and produce in a timely fashion while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include management of social media accounts to maintaining active and consistent engagement on various media networks.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Communications Director” in the subject line.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $38,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues, among others. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job
 MEM-519-19
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include
 assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining
 the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking
 and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
 support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
 databases with accuracy.
  MEM-512-19
Page 6 of 8

 MEM-462-19
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
The Office of the Law Revision Counsel—a small, nonpartisan office within the U.S. House of Representatives—seeks an attorney to assist in the editing and publishing of the United States Code, the codification of general and permanent Federal statutory law.
The editorial work needed to maintain the U.S. Code involves a number of tasks, including:
•reading new laws to determine which provisions should appear in the Code and where,
•updating the Code to reflect new law and amendments to existing law, •writing concise editorial notes to explain amendments, effective dates, references within the text to other laws, and a variety of other legislative concepts,
•preparing statutory citations and tables, and •identifying errors in grammar and spelling—
•all while conforming to very strict style guidelines.
In addition to the basic tasks required to integrate new laws into the Code, other duties may be required, such as reviewing drafts of bills to enact titles as positive law, doing extensive research and editorial work to improve the organization of existing provisions in the Code, and assisting in the continuing modernization of the Office, including support of online and machine readable versions of the Code.
Qualifications
•J.D. degree and attorney license in any U.S. jurisdiction or intention to obtain license within one year.
•At least one year of professional experience in editing or publishing, preferably in the legal field.
•Meticulous attention to detail and dedication to accuracy.
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
•Absolute proficiency in grammar, spelling, and usage.
•Ability to analyze and summarize complex legal issues.
•Ability to identify issues affecting Federal statutes and explain them clearly and concisely within firmly established parameters.
Other conditions to note:
Familiarity with Federal or State statutory law is highly desirable.
  Page 7 of 8

  MEM-428-19
This position is better suited to someone able to engage in extended periods of solitary work, often involving tedious and repetitive tasks.
The ability to adhere to, and function comfortably within, established styles and practices is essential.
Please be aware that this is a long-term career position with the Office, not a stepping stone to another position within Congress or the Federal Government.
Applicant Instructions
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter with salary requirements to:
uscodeapplicant@mail.house.gov
Applicants will be evaluated based on the ability to meet the qualifications stated above. Significant weight will be given to the applicant's cover letter. If chosen for an interview, an applicant will be requested to submit a writing sample.
Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com Position Available: Senior Staff Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills, highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject line.
  Page 8 of 8
