  House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
  MEM-093-16
MEM-092-16
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 7, 2016
Texas Democrat seeks energetic, self-motivated individual for Staff Assistant position. Primary duties to include greeting visitors, answering telephones, coordinating and conducting tours, handling flag requests, mail processing, maintaining office supplies, and assisting legislative staff. Successful candidate must be detail-oriented and possess excellent organizational and communication skills. Spanish speaking ability and Texas ties a plus. To apply, please email resume and cover letter to txjobopening@mail.house.gov.
Active Democrat House Member seeks experienced, media savvy communications director to run aggressive press operation in fast-paced office. Duties include: managing day-to-day press operations in D.C. and the district, developing communication strategy, drafting press releases, op-eds, talking points and other content, overseeing and planning media events, preparing member, developing relationships with local and national reporters, and working in conjunction with outreach director and district staff. Ideal candidate will have a sense of humor, on-the-record experience and excellent writing skills. Hill or other political experience/California ties a plus. Please
 Page 1 of 6

 MEM-091-16
MEM-089-16
send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to ca07jobs@gmail.com. Please, no walk-ins or phone calls.
Georgia Democrat seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized Administrative Assistant for Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include serving as confidential assistant to the Chief of Staff and Member, supporting Member’s daily activities, and other tasks as assigned. This position is completely administrative in nature. Applicants should submit cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to GADemJobs@gmail.com. Please include Administrative Assistant in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-bys.
Senior Democratic Member from California seeks an experienced, detail- oriented, and highly organized Scheduler for the Washington, D.C. Office. Responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term schedules, coordinating all travel arrangements, and assisting the Member with meeting requests and changes to the calendar. The Scheduler is responsible for communicating and directing D.C. staff on the materials required for meetings/events and the execution of the daily office schedule. Individuals applying for this position should be prepared to have flexible work hours and be able to adapt to a fast-paced, team oriented, and dynamic environment. Valid driver's license required. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to twaun.samuel@mail.house.gov.
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Systems Manager for Washington office. Texas contacts preferred. Email cover letter, resume, and three references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls please).
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Legislative Assistant to cover health, education, and other issues. Law or graduate degree and Hill experience preferred. This is not an entry level position. Proven writing and research skills required. Email cover letter, resume, three references, and brief writing sample to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls please).
Congressman Brad Ashford (D-NE-02) seeks a creative, pro-active team player to serve as a Digital Director/Press Assistant in his Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include: managing social media strategy across multiple platforms, managing the official website, creating graphics and editing video, writing e-Newsletters, and drafting press releases and talking points. Candidates must have strong oral and written communications skills and the ability to work quickly under pressure. Candidates must also have knowledge of Franking regulations, social media strategy, and some graphic design experience. Ideal candidates will have a strong familiarity with Nebraska’s second district.
  MEM-088-16
MEM-087-16
MEM-085-16
  Page 2 of 6

 MEM-071-16
Candidates should submit a resume, two writing samples, two graphic design samples, and three references to Jeremy.Nordquist@mail.house.gov by Wednesday, March 9th.
The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks an organized and enthusiastic Outreach and Member Services Coordinator. Responsibilities include planning and executing outreach and member meetings on key issues before the committee, drafting notifications and communications so members, staff and outside organizations are aware of the committee’s actions, and handling administrative tasks to support both the Staff Director and the Director of Communications, Outreach and Member Services. Qualified candidates must have administrative experience, strong writing and organizational skills , a proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks, and sound political judgment. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. This is not an entry level position, and candidates must have at least two years of relevant experience in a paid position. Please submit a cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
Senior Democratic Member seeks Legislative Assistant. Position will develop and implement legislative initiatives, and monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor; write floor speeches and committee statements; assist with committee investigations, and handle meetings with constituents and interest groups on behalf of Member. Portfolio will include education, veterans’ affairs, DOD, related Appropriations bills, and special projects as assigned. Candidate must be a self-starter and a creative thinker, and must demonstrate attention to detail and exceptional writing ability, and have experience with the legislative process, preferably in a Congressional office. An advanced degree in a related field is also required (JD, MA, etc.).
To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line to job_09@live.com. Please paste the cover letter in the body of the email. Do not send the cover letter as an attachment.
New England Democrat seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly- organized Staff Assistant for Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include managing front office operations, overseeing intern program, serving as confidential assistant to Chief of Staff and Member, driving Member to meetings and appointments, supporting Member’s daily activities, providing assistance to scheduling and legislative teams, and other tasks as assigned. Access to a vehicle and a clean driving record is required. New England ties preferred. Applicants should submit cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. Please include Staff Assistant in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-bys.
 MEM-069-16
 MEM-065-16
 Page 3 of 6

MEM-059-16
Midwestern Democratic Member seeks an energetic, highly organized and detail-oriented Scheduler for the Washington, D.C. and District
Offices. Responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long- term schedules, coordinating all travel arrangements, and assisting the Member with meeting requests and changes to the calendar. The Scheduler is responsible for communicating and directing D.C. and State staff on the materials needed for meetings/events and the execution of the daily office schedule. Individuals applying for this position should be prepared to have flexible work hours and be able to adapt to a fast-paced and constantly changing environment. Valid Driver’s License and American-made car strongly preferred. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to mi.schedulerposting@gmail.com. No walk-ins, please.
Senior Appropriations Democrat seeks candidates for the position of Communications Director for a fast-paced and highly engaged office. The successful candidate will have excellent written and verbal skills, the proven ability to manage multiple communications projects, and the ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the representation of the Member’s position on policy issues. S/he will be responsible for coordinating with the legislative team to develop, manage and organize all communications activities, including writing press releases, op-eds, mail pieces, talking points, organizing press events, maintaining the official website, implementing social media strategy, maintaining press database, writing e-newsletters & coordinating Tele-town halls. Duties will also include briefing the Member for interviews, writing and implementing PSAs, interacting with the press as the Member’s principal spokesperson and coordinating the Member’s overall press relations. Position may include limited legislative portfolio. The ideal candidate will have Hill experience, a depth of legislative and policy knowledge including that of the appropriations process, and Ohio connections a benefit. Candidates must be able to work extended hours and under time pressure, while maintaining a positive attitude and demeanor. Please submit resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and salary requirements to Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or phone calls.
Southern Republican Member seeks Communications Director to manage and coordinate all communications activities, including media contacts for the Member and the office. Previous Hill experience preferred. Candidate must have strong writing, editing, and oral communication skills. Will act as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member. Knowledge of social media including website maintenance required. Applicants will develop and implement media and communications strategy for the Member and must have an understanding of print and broadcast media. Position will also be responsible for a legislative portfolio.
Email Resume and Cover Letter to: HouseCommsDir@gmail.com Page 4 of 6
 MEM-044-16
 MEM-042-16
 
MEM-029-16
MEM-027-16
Senior Democrat seeks Communications Director to manage legislative and local press priorities. The applicant must be a hard worker who possesses excellent written, verbal and interpersonal skills. The ideal candidate has Hill and political experience. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter and resume to employ@mail.house.gov.
Northeast Republican in the House seeks a hard-working Press Secretary/Communications Director in Washington, D.C. office to implement a dynamic communications strategy. Duties include performing day-to-day operations of an active press office; managing the website and all social media accounts; developing and generating content for press releases, e-newsletters, talking points, speeches, columns, advertisements, and franked mail; and building press relations with local, regional, and DC press. Candidates must have excellent writing skills, demonstrated abilities in digital media and communication, and previous Hill or campaign experience. Candidates must be able to execute a media and communications plan in line with the unique priorities of the Congressman and views of the district. Send resume, writing sample, cover letter, and salary range to PressRez@gmail.com.
Senior Member of Congress seeks General Counsel – the ideal candidate would have experience in a wide range of legal and administrative, legislative, and ethics issues relevant to a small government agency. Relevant policy experience and advanced degree(s) valued over Capitol Hill or political work. The successful candidate will have a strong commitment to public service, strong writing, speaking and analytical skills, be proactive, resourceful, well-organized, and able to meet deadlines. Individuals must be U.S. citizens and have, or be able to obtain, a Top Secret Clearance. Overseas travel will be required. Please e-mail a cover letter and resume to cscepositions115@gmail.com.
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe seeks a Global Security/ Political Military Affairs Policy Advisor – Ideal candidate would have experience in areas including: transnational security threats; arms control; monitoring compliance with international instruments; and working with international organizations with a security dimension such as OSCE and NATO. Area studies expertise in Europe and Eurasia is also a plus. Relevant policy experience and advanced degree(s) valued over Capitol Hill or political work. The successful candidate will have a strong commitment to public service, strong writing, speaking and analytical skills, be proactive, resourceful, well-organized, and able to meet deadlines. Individuals must be U.S. citizens and have, or be able to obtain, a Top Secret Clearance. Overseas travel will be required. Please e-mail a cover letter and resume to cscepositions115@gmail.com.
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe seeks Middle-Eastern Page 5 of 6
  MEM-021-16
 MEM-020-16
 MEM-019-16

 MEM-018-16
Policy Advisor – the ideal candidate would have extensive and broad experience as a Middle East expert with experience in formulating policies to deal with political movements, security issues, and human rights challenges in the Middle East. Area studies expertise in the Middle East is also a plus as is deep knowledge of Arab cultures and fluency in Arabic language. Relevant policy experience and advanced degree(s) valued over Capitol Hill or political work. The successful candidate will have a strong commitment to public service, strong writing, speaking and analytical skills, be proactive, resourceful, well-organized, and able to meet deadlines. Individuals must be U.S. citizens and have, or be able to obtain, a Top Secret Clearance. Overseas travel will be required. Please e-mail a cover letter and resume to cscepositions115@gmail.com.
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe seeks a Russian Policy Advisor – the ideal candidate would have extensive and broad expertise as a Russia expert with experience in formulating policies to deal with both security and human rights challenges posed by Russia. Specific expertise on Russia’s interaction with international organizations such as the OSCE and international instruments such as the Conventional Forces in Europe (CFE) treaty and the Open Skies Agreement are a plus. Area studies expertise in Eurasia is also a plus as is proficiency in Russian and other Eurasian languages. Relevant policy experience and advanced degree(s) valued over Capitol Hill or political work. The successful candidate will have a strong commitment to public service, strong writing, speaking and analytical skills, be proactive, resourceful, well-organized, and able to meet deadlines. Individuals must be U.S. citizens and have, or be able to obtain, a Top Secret Clearance. Overseas travel will be required. Please e-mail a cover letter and resume to cscepositions115@gmail.com.
 Page 6 of 6
