  House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
  MEM-281-14
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 11, 2014
California Democrat is hiring a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for a fast
paced and team-oriented Washington, DC office. Duties of the position include but are not limited to: DC and district offices.
the Chief of Staff on all schedule and travel
arrangements.
about the Member’s schedule.
her miscellaneous administrative tasks. Qualifications and Skills for the position:
        Page 1 of 5

       MEM-280-14
interpersonal skills.
dates must be able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
district while managing the schedule.
Member’s needs, while being creative.
ability to work well as an individual and as a
member of a team.
If interested, please email a resume, cover letter, and references to CAJobs@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler/ Executive Assistant” in the subject line. Previous scheduling experience is strongly preferred. Salary will be commensurate with experience. This is not an entry level position.
Job Summary and Requirements: The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant on the Committee’s non-partisan professional staff.
Duties include: Answering telephones; assisting with the Committee investigation’s production process; assisting with the tracking and processing of Committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up Committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects. Members of the non- partisan staff must refrain from engaging in partisan political activities and are subject to strict rules of confidentiality about the Committee’s work.
Applicant Instructions: Please email cover letter and resume to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
Western Freshman Democratic Member seeks Deputy Chief of Staff in Washington, D.C. office. This dynamic individual will serve as a senior manager working under the direction of the Member and the Chief of
Staff. The Deputy Chief of Staff serves as the Member's point of contact with interest and advocacy groups based in Washington, D.C. Coordinates with legislative team to proactively identify outreach opportunities with Washington, D.C. based groups. Responsible for staffing the Member in select meetings in Washington, D.C. office. Works with Chief of Staff and Legislative Director to strategically identify legislative and policy
 MEM-273-14
Page 2 of 5

 MEM-245-14
opportunities for the Member. Individual will have extensive experience working with interest groups on or off Capitol Hill. Please submit cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to HouseDCOS2014@gmail.com.
Long-serving, southern Republican seeks a Legislative Correspondent to manage busy mail operation. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, managing high volume incoming constituent correspondence, and providing research for and responses to constituent correspondence in a timely
fashion. An ideal candidate should have superior research and writing skills, thoroughness and attention to detail, good organizational skills, and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment. Candidates should also be team-oriented and demonstrate an ability to collaborate effectively. Intranet Quorum and Capitol Hill experience are required. Familiarity with budget and appropriations process a plus. Interested candidates should send resume, cover letter and writing samples to congressionalofficejobs@gmail.com
Long-serving, southern Republican is seeking a Staff Assistant. Duties include, but are not limited to: staffing front office and greeting visitors, answering phones, coordinating and executing flag and tour requests, supervising interns, assisting with mail processing, and helping with other projects as needed. Strong organizational skills and a positive, team-oriented attitude are required. Previous Capitol Hill or internship experience preferred. Interested candidates should send resume and cover letter to congressionalofficejobs@gmail.com
Congressman Dan Kildee seeks an organized, detail oriented and energetic Scheduler/Executive Assistant for a fast-paced, team-oriented Washington, DC office.
Primary duties include structuring and managing the Member’s daily schedule; coordinating the Member’s travel and logistical details of meetings; handling the Member’s personal correspondence; fulfilling various administrative duties including ethics/disclosure compliance; and, working closely with other staff members in the district and in DC. Additionally, the Scheduler/ Executive Assistant will work to ensure smooth overall office operations.
 MEM-244-14
MEM-243-14
   Applicants must have superior organizational skills, strong oral and written communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, be able to multi-task and
 thrive in a fast paced environment, and have poise, patience and a good sense of humor. The successful candidate will be discreet, politically savvy, self- motivated, and very organized with the ability to successfully interact with different personality types. Additionally, the successful candidate must be a strategic thinker who can navigate competing demands to maximize the Member’s time and come to anticipate the Member’s needs.
Please email a resume and cover letter to Michigan05Jobs@gmail.com with Page 3 of 5
 
MEM-242-14
“Scheduler/ Executive Assistant” in the subject line. Prior scheduling and administrative experience strongly preferred and Michigan ties a plus. This is not an entry level position and salary will be commensurate with experience.
District Director, Member of Congress (District Office), Fort Worth TX
The District Director will be responsible for serving in a Congressional District Office in Fort Worth to oversee all district operations. This role will include a variety of different responsibilities including supervision of special projects, working with casework staff as needed, representing the member at a variety of different civic engagements on behalf of the Member and throughout the Congressional District.
Qualifications:
5 – 7 years of management experience preferred;
strong academic credentials;
ability to provide necessary organization, leadership and motivation to manage a House office;
excellent oral and written communication skills;
excellent organizational and interpersonal skills;
thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and procedures; and
the ideal candidate would have significant community involvement throughout the Congressional District in Fort Worth.
Duties:
represents the member or assigns appropriate staff to do so in district as needed;
manages district office operations;
works with the chief of staff and the Member to develop and implement policy objectives, strategies that pertain to the district operations;
plans, assigns and evaluates work of employees in district offices; speaks to local groups when the Member is unavailable;
some weekend and evening engagements will be required;
maintains close communications with the Member, the Washington office and committee staff as needed;
travels throughout the district at regular intervals to keep abreast of local concerns;
meets with elected officials and representatives of local groups on behalf of the Member;
schedules meetings with federal and district government agencies as necessary;
                 Page 4 of 5

     MEM-226-14
responds to constituent telephone calls and mail; and performs other duties as assigned.
Salary:
Commensurate with experience
To Apply:
Interested applicants should e-mail a résumé and cover letter to
TX12DO.Texas@mail.house.gov
Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office. The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing and providing guidance on a high volume of financial disclosure issues, education, and training to Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics, ethics counseling, corporate finance, securities law, and criminal law. Salary commensurate with
experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the subject line.
Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an experienced attorney for an investigative counsel position. The Committee’s investigative counsel are responsible for conducting investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics, criminal law, civil litigation, administrative investigations and adjudications, depositions, and financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel” in the subject line.
 MEM-225-14
 Page 5 of 5
