 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
   MEM-650-19
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 9, 2019
The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting applications for a full- time staff assistant. Working in the front office, the staff assistant will be responsible for answering phones, and greeting visitors.
Responsibilities will also include assisting with hearings/ markups, day to day administrative operations, and various other tasks as assigned. Please note that this position is strictly administrative. Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans, excellent oral communication skills, strong organizational skills, and a team player attitude. Previous Hill experience is preferred but not required.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins.
The office of Representative Glenn “GT” Thompson (PA-15) seeks to fill the position of Legislative Correspondent in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: handling constituent correspondence, answering phones, monitoring the House floor while in session, providing general administrative assistance for the office while
  MEM-641-19
Page 1 of 10

  MEM-640-19
working in conjunction with the legislative and communications teams to achieve their goals.
Qualified candidates will have at least one year prior experience in a member office, should be outgoing, punctual, and dependable with excellent organization and written communications skills, sharp attention to detail, and the ability to work under pressure in order to meet tight deadlines. Pennsylvania ties and a sense of humor are preferred, but not required. Occasional district travel may be necessary.
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and references to
Lindsay.Reusser@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Correspondent” in the subject line. No walk-ins please.
The office of Representative Glenn “GT” Thompson (PA-15) seeks to fill the position of Staff Assistant in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering phones, monitoring office deliveries and pickups, distributing mail, processing flag and tour requests, providing general administrative assistance for the office, and other duties as assigned.
Qualified candidates must be outgoing, punctual, and dependable with excellent organization and communications skills, sharp attention to detail, and the ability to work under pressure in order to meet tight deadlines. Pennsylvania ties and a sense of humor are preferred, but not required. Occasional district travel may be necessary.
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and references to Lindsay.Reusser@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No walk-ins please.
  MEM-629-19
Congressman Dan Kildee seeks a full-time legislative assistant in
 Washington, D.C.
  The legislative assistant will primarily handle health care for an active
 Member of the Ways and Means Committee and House Democratic
 Leadership, along with other legislative issues. Responsibilities are wide-
 ranging and include preparing for and staffing committee hearings, drafting
 legislation and amendments, writing talking points and memorandums, and
 interacting with key constituent groups and stakeholders. Applicants should
 have a significant understanding and demonstrated passion for health care
 policy.
  Applicants must be willing to work on a team, bring an entrepreneurial spirit
 to a fast-paced office, previously demonstrated pro-active initiative, and
 possess a desire to continually learn. Applicants must work well under
 Page 2 of 10

pressure, have excellent written and oral communication skills and
 demonstrate leadership capabilities. The position requires strategic thinking
 and the ability to work independently as well as within a team.
  This is not an entry-level position. A minimum of three years of experience is
 required. Applicants with Michigan ties are a plus. Compensation is
 commensurate with experience.
  This office is an equal opportunity employer, committed to developing an
 organization that is reflective of the district that we serve. The office does not
 discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin,
 sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
  MEM-626-19
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and a writing
 sample to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
  Congressman Greg Pence is seeking an experienced, highly organized, and
 detail-oriented Scheduler to serve in the DC office. The applicant must be
 able to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment and possess
 outstanding interpersonal skills.
  MEM-625-19
The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and long-term schedule in DC, coordinate the Member’s travel, serve as a staff liaison with the Member, and assist with administrative office functions as assigned. The ideal candidate will have a positive and professional demeanor, exercise discretion and excellent judgment, and be able to anticipate problems and offer solutions.
This is not an entry level position. Qualified applicants should send submit their resume and cover letter to RepublicanScheduler@gmail.com.
The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-04) seeks a Senior level Executive Assistant with the ability to schedule and serve as a personal staffer, as needed for the Washington, D.C. office. The ideal candidate must have experience as a Senior Executive Assistant be detail-oriented, a problem solver, self-starter with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, manage multiple tasks at once, have excellent writing, verbal, interpersonal and organizational skills, understand the logistics of travel among various time zones and be available and able to handle last minute changes to the Member’s schedule.
This candidate must be available to work outside of traditional office hours, including evenings and weekends and available to drive the Member to and from events during regular office hours and after hours and when needed, staffing him at offsite events.
Page 3 of 10

 MEM-622-19
Responsibilities include:
•Manage and maintain the Member’s daily and long-term calendar in D.C., as well, coordinate the Member’s district calendar with the Director of Admin •Work with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between commitments
•Ensure the Member is provided with briefing materials for each event and meeting
•Responsible for extensive travel arrangements, expense reports, invoice submittal, and miscellaneous other duties
•Driving the Member to and from events (Must have own vehicle)
•Manage and maintain administrative/office management duties
•Performing other duties as required
This position will report directly to the Member and the Director of Administration and must be available by phone and email on weekends and evenings. Senior executive assistant experience and vehicle required. Congressional experience preferred, Nevada ties and additional language skills are a plus. This is not an entry-level position.
Qualified candidates should include their cover letter, resume and professional references in a single PDF file to selena.harvey@mail.house.gov, with the subject line: “Executive Assistant__ last name, first name ” by December 13, 2019.
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-7) is seeking an experienced, highly-motivated Legislative Director to lead the Representative’s legislative work and manage a team of Legislative Assistants and Fellows. The LD will work with the Chief of Staff, Member, and other senior team members to develop a legislative strategy and priorities. S/he will train and supervise the legislative team members, review/approve work from other legislative team members, track legislative accomplishments and statistics, provide vote recommendations, and develop and advance legislative proposals from initial idea to final passage.
The LD will also work closely with the District team to ensure that the team’s legislative focus aligns with District priorities and legislative ideas are coming from District issues and casework. As the senior member of the Legislative Team and as a member of the office’s Senior Leadership Team, the Legislative Director should be knowledgeable about procedure in the House of Representatives, have a handle on major legislation across policy areas, and be able to provide legislative ideas and process/procedural guidance to other team members.
The LD will also manage his/her own portfolio of legislative work. The portfolio will have a domestic policy focus, with flexibility as to the specific policy topics. (The portfolio could include some but not all of: healthcare,
Page 4 of 10

 MEM-621-19
finance, taxes, appropriations, small business, agriculture, rural broadband, transportation, infrastructure, energy, environment, education, civil rights, workforce development, labor, gun violence prevention.) As the office is currently also in the process of hiring an LA and legislative fellow(s), there is substantial flexibility in portfolios. Cover letters should include a sentence on the portfolio you would like to cover.
The best-qualified candidates will have several years of Hill experience, preferably in the House and ideally in more than one office. Other requirements include strong writing and analytical skills, a substantial policy background, attention to detail, facility at managing multiple competing tasks, and the ability to operate with grace and humor in a fast-paced environment. Other advantages include experience in a frontline or Blue Dog office, ties to Central Virginia, advanced education, management experience, and the ability to motivate others.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three references to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director – [Last Name]” as the subject line. For consideration in the first round of interviews, please apply by 12pm Eastern time on Sunday, December 1. (Applications will continue to be accepted and considered on a rolling basis after that time.)
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-7) is seeking an experienced, highly-motivated Legislative Assistant. The Legislative Assistant will handle one of the following two portfolios:
1) Agriculture (including Agriculture Committee work), rural broadband, transportation, infrastructure, and other domestic policy issues.
2) Healthcare, taxes, finance, small business, workforce development, and other domestic policy issues.
Responsibilities will include drafting and advancing legislative proposals, preparing the Member for hearings and markups, meeting with stakeholders and constituents, providing vote recommendations, and performing additional tasks as assigned. The best-qualified candidates will have policy experience in one or more of those issue areas, Hill experience, strong writing and analytical skills, and the ability to operate with grace and humor in a fast- paced environment. Other advantages include experience in a frontline or
Page 5 of 10

 MEM-613-19
Blue Dog office, ties to Central Virginia, and advanced education. This is not an entry level position.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three references to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant – [Last Name]” as the subject line. Please include in your cover letter a sentence describing your preferred portfolio.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
Midwest Republican office seeks a detail-oriented, highly motivated and proactive Legislative Director to handle a diverse policy portfolio. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience on Capitol Hill, with an in-depth understanding of House procedures.
Job responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: drafting legislation, overseeing committee activity, making vote recommendations, writing statements, drafting legislative memos, tracking legislation and meeting with constituents and stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will be a self-starter, highly motivated, detailed oriented and possess strong writing and verbal communication skills. Interested candidates who meet these qualifications should submit their resume, cover letter and a writing sample to ResumeIN@mail.house.gov
Senior Advisor
The House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a senior staff member to join a dynamic leadership office team.
This position will work with the Executive Director to design and execute strategies that advance the message priorities and values of the House Democratic Caucus; Assist with planning and execution of regular message meetings for Members and staff; Engage in outreach to Democratic offices and provide support with message strategies and communications planning; Assist with daily tasks and long-term planning as needed.
Successful candidates will be creative self-starters, come with ideas and have experience planning meetings and events. They will be organized, politically astute and able to collaborate with others in a tight-knit, fast-paced environment. Familiarity with the House and an understanding of the priorities and values of the House Democratic Caucus, as well as previous experience interacting with elected officials required. Communications experience preferred.
 MEM-610-19
 Page 6 of 10

 MEM-606-19
The position will report to the executive director of the DPCC and work collaboratively with Chair and Co-Chair staff and other leadership staff. Non- traditional work hours are expected.
We are equal opportunity employers; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Qualified applicants should email a cover letter and resume to jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with “DPCC Senior Advisor” in the subject line.
Midwest Republican seeks an energetic and enthusiastic Press Secretary. The ideal candidate must be a strong writer, have the ability to work in a fast- pace environment and be able to manage multiple tasks.
In addition, the successful candidate must have a keen attention to detail and a strong work ethic. Primary responsibilities include writing press releases, op- eds, franked mail, managing social media and the official website. The individual would also develop and maintain good relationships with district, state and national media.
Qualified candidates must have at least two to three years of relevant experience on Capitol Hill. Interested candidates who meet these qualifications should submit their resume, cover letter and a writing sample to ResumeIN@mail.house.gov
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
Moreover, the Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations including responding to media inquiries, booking the Member for interviews, pitching news opportunities to media outlets, updating and maintaining the Member’s social media accounts, and producing speeches, talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds and e-newsletters. They will also be responsible for managing a Press Secretary and working with the Member, Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core messaging.
 MEM-599-19
Progressive Southern California Democrat seeks an experienced
 Communication Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
 operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, energetic, and be
 attentive to detail. This position will be based in the Member’s Washington,
 DC office.
 Page 7 of 10

 MEM-512-19
This is not an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press- related experience, be highly organized, proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political acumen and instincts, and possess superior writing, editing, and proof-reading skills. Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive demeanor and sense of humor. Capitol Hill experience is preferred, and fluency in Spanish is a plus.
The annual salary range for this position is $60-75K commensurate with experience. Please e- mail your resume, a cover letter including salary requirements, and a writing sample to
Resume.inbox7@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director Position” in the subject line.
The Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues, among others. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
The Office of the Law Revision Counsel—a small, nonpartisan office within the U.S. House of Representatives—seeks an attorney to assist in the editing and publishing of the United States Code, the codification of general and permanent Federal statutory law.
The editorial work needed to maintain the U.S. Code involves a number of tasks, including:
•reading new laws to determine which provisions should appear in the Code and where,
•updating the Code to reflect new law and amendments to existing law, •writing concise editorial notes to explain amendments, effective dates, references within the text to other laws, and a variety of other legislative concepts,
 MEM-462-19
Page 8 of 10

•preparing statutory citations and tables, and •identifying errors in grammar and spelling—
•all while conforming to very strict style guidelines.
In addition to the basic tasks required to integrate new laws into the Code, other duties may be required, such as reviewing drafts of bills to enact titles as positive law, doing extensive research and editorial work to improve the organization of existing provisions in the Code, and assisting in the continuing modernization of the Office, including support of online and machine readable versions of the Code.
Qualifications
•J.D. degree and attorney license in any U.S. jurisdiction or intention to obtain license within one year.
•At least one year of professional experience in editing or publishing, preferably in the legal field.
•Meticulous attention to detail and dedication to accuracy.
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
•Absolute proficiency in grammar, spelling, and usage.
•Ability to analyze and summarize complex legal issues.
•Ability to identify issues affecting Federal statutes and explain them clearly and concisely within firmly established parameters.
Other conditions to note:
Familiarity with Federal or State statutory law is highly desirable.
This position is better suited to someone able to engage in extended periods of solitary work, often involving tedious and repetitive tasks.
The ability to adhere to, and function comfortably within, established styles and practices is essential.
Please be aware that this is a long-term career position with the Office, not a stepping stone to another position within Congress or the Federal Government.
Applicant Instructions
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter with salary requirements to:
uscodeapplicant@mail.house.gov
Applicants will be evaluated based on the ability to meet the qualifications stated above. Significant weight will be given to the applicant's cover letter. If chosen for an interview, an applicant will be requested to submit a writing sample.
    Page 9 of 10

MEM-428-19
Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com Position Available: Senior Staff Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills, highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject line.
  Page 10 of 10
