+
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
    MEM-073-20
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 24, 2020
The House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a Digital Director to help design and execute a proactive digital messaging strategy for the DPCC and assist with the digital reach of House Democratic offices.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: creating graphics and custom videos; managing relationships with digital media outlets and identifying new audiences for House Democrats to reach online; managing all digital platforms of the DPCC; drafting sample digital content to be used by other Democratic offices; maintaining and updating websites; tracking analytics; and offering new, proactive ideas for growing the DPCC’s digital presence and supporting House Democrats.
Successful candidates will be creative, proactive, team players, who are able to successfully manage multiple tasks at once. They will have previous experience and passion for creating video and graphic content and familiarity with Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Premiere, Illustrator), Final Cut Pro or other comparable tools. HTML/CSS knowledge a plus.
Page 1 of 9

  MEM-066-20
They will have a strong understanding of the digital media landscape and the latest digital trends and the ability to identify opportunities to reach new audiences online. Existing relationships with digital media outlets, podcasts, YouTube shows and influencers is a plus.
The position will report to the executive director of the DPCC and work collaboratively with Chair and Co-Chair staff and other leadership staff. Non- traditional work hours are expected.
This is not an entry-level position.
We are equal opportunity employers; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Qualified applicants should email a cover letter, resume, an original video,
and an original graphic they are proud of to jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with “DPCC Digital Director” in the subject line.
The Office of Congresswoman Abby Finkenauer (IA-01) seeks a Scheduler to be based in the Washington, DC office. Applicants should have scheduling experience, ideally with a Congressional office, a political campaign, or a similarly fast-paced organization. Applicants should be attentive to detail, organized, and proactive.
Job responsibilities will include:
•Creating and managing the Congresswoman’s schedule in Washington, DC and in Iowa.
•Building a long term scheduling plan in conjunction with other staff and the Congresswoman.
•Responding to invitations for meetings and events in a timely manner. •Managing the Congresswoman’s travel, and logistics in DC and Iowa. •Managing the Congresswoman’s time throughout the day in DC.
•Preparing memos and briefings for all meetings and events in coordination with event participants and the appropriate staff members.
•Keeping staff members and the Congresswoman updated in real time about schedule changes.
•Maintaining files of invitations that have been declined, accepted, or that are tentative/pending
•Processing travel and expense receipts for the Member.
•Additional duties related to operation of the DC and District offices.
TO APPLY: Please e-mail a resume to IA01Resumes@mail.house.gov. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and
  Page 2 of 9

MEM-064-20
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Congressman John P. Sarbanes, a senior member of the Health Subcommittee on the House Energy & Commerce Committee, is seeking a legislative assistant to manage a portfolio with a primary focus on health policy and other issues as assigned.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to advising the Member on all matters in the issue portfolio; developing and advancing policy proposals; drafting vote recommendations and talking points for related floor and committee proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; and representing the Member before constituents and stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will have previous work expertise on health policy; prior legislative experience advising a Member of Congress and advancing policy proposals; excellent written and verbal communication skills; and an eagerness to work in a fast-paced, collaborative office. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. Maryland ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and writing sample
to employment@mail.house.gov.
Conservative Congressman seeks a Legislative Correspondent for the
Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include drafting constituent letters, sorting and batching mail, and assisting the legislative staff with various projects. Applicants should possess strong conservative credentials, effective writing and research skills, attention to detail, and the ability to manage multiple tasks at once. Previous Capitol Hill experience preferred.
To apply, send resume and cover letter to goplc1776@gmail.com
  MEM-063-20
  MEM-056-20
Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) seeks an experienced and
 highly organized Scheduler to be based in the Washington, DC office.
 Responsibilities include:
 • Drafting short- and long-term DC and district calendars
 • Working with internal and external stakeholders to maximize time
 efficiency
 • Coordinating all travel, including extensive international committee-based
 trips
 • Driving the Member in DC
 • Assisting with Member’s personal correspondence
 Page 3 of 9

 MEM-055-20
Republican member of Congress is seeking a highly motivated, pro-active, and qualified Press Assistant with strong writing and organizational skills to join an active press team.
Duties include assisting the Communications Director with day-to-day operations—including but not limited to: creating daily social media and video content, tracking press clips and traffic on social media, and drafting press releases, op-eds, newsletters, and video scripts.
The ideal candidate for this position is a self-starter who works well under pressure, has the capacity to problem solve, employs excellent written and verbal communications skills, and pays close attention to detail. Please send your resume to floridarepublicanjobs@gmail.com
Key Responsibilities
Digital: Writing and developing content for social media, including videos and graphics.
Writing: Drafts press releases and media advisories for distribution to local and national media. Writes video scripts, weekly newsletter, op-eds, and speeches.
Social Media: Assist Communications Director with drafting and posting social media daily.
Additional Responsibilities: Clips TV interviews, floor speeches, and committee hearings. Tracks newsletter, social media metrics, and supports communications team as necessary.
Requirements
*THIS IS NOT AN ENTRY LEVEL POSITION.
• Anticipate and proactively provide solutions to expected issues with
schedule
 This is a senior staff position; previous Hill or other scheduling and/or fast-
 paced operations role experience highly preferred. Session nights and
 weekend availability by phone sometimes required.
 Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color,
 LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other
 underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Hudson
 Valley or New York ties are a plus.
 Please send resume, cover letter, and two references to
 ny18maloneyleg@gmail.com.
      Page 4 of 9

  MEM-052-20
*Degree in political science, communications, or relevant field.
*1-2 years of professional experience in communications, relevant internships accepted.
*Outstanding writing and communication skills.
*Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and meet deadlines. *Candidates well-versed in AP style are strongly preferred.
To apply, please send your resume to floridarepublicanjobs@gmail.com
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics; ethics counseling and training; employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; and criminal law. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the subject line.
Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on
 Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Office of Advice
 and Education. The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are
 responsible for providing a high volume of ethics advice, education, and
 training to Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone
 calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
   MEM-051-20
Midwestern Republican Office seeking a Scheduler. Applicants should have
 scheduling experience, ideally with a Congressional office, a political
 campaign, or a similarly fast-paced organization. Applicants should be
 extremely attentive to detail, organized, and proactive.
 This position will not involve legislative or press work, but will involve
 coordinating with those teams and others to ensure the Member’s time is
 balanced across various priorities. Job responsibilities will include:
 •Creating and updating the Member's schedule in DC
 •Responding to invitations for DC meetings and events
 •Communicating with the District team about invitations for District events
 •Managing the travel plans and logistics
 •Preparing meeting briefs and binders for all meetings and events in DC, by
 coordinating with event participants and the appropriate staff members
 Page 5 of 9

•Maintain a weekly schedule that balances the Member's official and
 unofficial time in DC
 •Working with the Chief of Staff to review schedule requests
 •Processing vouchers for travel and expense reimbursement for the Member
 and staff
 •Oversee and assisting the Staff Assistant as needed with answering the
 phone, greeting visitors, and managing the intern program.
 •Additional duties related to managing the overall operation of the DC office
  MEM-049-20
Description: Republican Congressman from Ohio seeks a legislative correspondent for the Washington, DC office. The successful candidate will be an effective writer and researcher and be able to support the legislative team as needed.
Candidates should have good communication skills, experience with managing constituent mail systems, and perform well in a fast pace work environment. Previous Hill experience and Ohio ties are a plus.
Interested candidates should submit writing samples and resume to
midwestern.job@mail.house.gov
RepJobResume@gmail.com with “Scheduler” in the subject line.
    MEM-032-20
To apply, please submit resume and 2-3 references to
“The Office of Congresswoman Abby Finkenauer (IA-01) seeks an
 experienced, creative, and motivated Communications Director to be a
 senior member of the team.
 The ideal candidate will possess excellent written and verbal communication
 skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, experience developing
 and pitching stories, and the ability to execute a communications plan
 encompassing DC and in Iowa activities. The candidate will also have
 congressional and/or campaign experience, a good sense of humor, be able to
 foster a positive work environment, and have Iowa ties.
 This position would be based out of Washington DC or Iowa, with associated
 travel as needed. The Communications Director will be expected to, among
 other duties: act as the primary spokesperson for the Member; develop and
 maintain relationships with media outlets in Iowa and nationally; implement a
 communications plan in-district and in DC; develop and successfully pitch
 press stories; oversee digital operations; mentor the Press Secretary; develop
 talking points, speeches, and press releases; hold regular media preparation
 sessions; work collaboratively with Iowa and national team members on all
 aspects of the office; and facilitate successful events and earned media in the
 district.
 Page 6 of 9

TO APPLY: Please e-mail a detailed resume and two writing samples to
 IA01Resumes@mail.house.gov. The office is an equal opportunity employer
  and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
 orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
 status, age, marital status, or parental status.”
 MEM-031-20
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a District Representative
 for his Fairfield office.
 Job responsibilities include monitoring district and local issues; acting as a
 liaison to federal, district, and local agencies in Solano County; working with
 constituents who have an issue with a federal agency ensuring they receive a
 timely response; and ensuring that the office is appropriately staffed during
 office hours.
   MEM-025-20
Qualified candidates should be hard working and possess excellent oral and written communications skills, have knowledge of Solano County, the ability to multi-task, meet deadlines, and produce a quality work product. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to ca.03.resumes@gmail.com, please include District Representative in the subject line.
Rep. Joe Cunningham (SC-01) seeks a Legislative Director to manage an active issue portfolio that includes, but is not necessarily limited to, health care, transportation, labor, and manufacturing.
Responsibilities include overseeing the office’s legislative operation and staff, including both Committee and floor activity; providing vote and cosponsorship recommendations to the member; writing floor speeches; drafting and editing constituent correspondence; meeting with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the member; and numerous other assigned tasks.
The LD must have the ability to think strategically about the member’s overall legislative priorities, and is expected to work closely with district office staff and constituents. Experience in a frontline office and/or South Carolina ties are pluses.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to cunninghamresumes@gmail.com with “Legislative Director” in the subject line.
No phone calls, faxes, individual emails, or walk-ins, please.
  Page 7 of 9

MEM-512-19
QUALIFICATIONS:
-At least five years of substantive legislative, policy, or related experience; -A demonstrated understanding of health care, transportation, labor, and manufacturing policy, and a working knowledge of environmental and veterans/military issues.
-Strong understanding of politics and the intersection of politics and policy; -Knowledge of floor procedure, the amendment introduction process, and the appropriations process is a plus.
-Strong writing, interpersonal, and organizational skills are required; -Minority candidates are encouraged to apply;
-South Carolina (particularly in-district) ties are a major plus.
This is a senior, non-supervisory position and reports directly to the Chief of Staff. The office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues, among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com Position Available: Senior Staff Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
 MEM-428-19
 Page 8 of 9

highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject line.
 Page 9 of 9
