 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-128-18
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 23, 2018
Senior Democratic House member and Committee Ranking Member seeks Legislative Director. Primary responsibilities include developing policy and legislative initiatives and advising Member on all legislative issues. Position will manage long-term and short-term legislative planning; monitor legislative activity on the House floor; supervise all legislative staff in the personal office; ensure effective coordination between the personal office and committee office; and assist with hearing preparation as needed. The successful candidate will be a results-oriented problem solver with experience supervising staff and a proven track record of developing and advancing legislation. Excellent oral and written communication skills, time- management skills, and the ability to quickly analyze and summarize complex legislative details are essential. Graduate degree and extensive experience on Capitol Hill are required. To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Legislative Director” in the subject line to
job_09@live.com. Please paste the cover letter and resume directly in the body of the email.
 Page 1 of 5

MEM-127-18
The office of Rep. Debbie Dingell, MI-12, is seeking a scheduler/executive assistant to maintain the Member’s official Washington, D.C. schedule, to manage all travel and to work directly with the District based scheduler under the Direction of the Chief of Staff to ensure a seamless schedule between the District and Washington, D.C. offices.
The ideal candidate will have had extensive (3-5 years) experience working as a scheduler and or executive assistant in either a public official’s office or similar private sector position. This position requires a positive attitude, an ability to be flexible and adapt quickly to changing circumstances and a strong level of competency in multi-tasking and attention to detail. An Associate degree in applied business with an executive secretary major is preferred with least two years of office experience. At a minimum, the candidate should also have had extensive experience booking and managing travel reservations.
Salary is commensurate with level of experience with a wide range of benefits. This office does not discriminate in hiring on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status, or in any of its activities or operations. Interested applicants should email their resume, one short writing sample and a list of references
to MI12Scheduler.Request@mail.house.gov. Please no walk-ins or phone- calls.
The U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission is seeking to fill the Director of Security and Foreign Affairs position. The individual is responsible for leading and managing the Security and Foreign Affairs Team in monitoring, investigating, assessing and reporting on a wide range of China related issues including military/defense/national security, cybersecurity, export controls, foreign affairs, science and technology, and energy
security. Further responsibilities as well as qualification requirements and information on how to apply can be found here. All application materials are due May 11, 2018 at 5:00 pm.
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects. This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $30,000 per year. Please email
 MEM-126-18
 MEM-124-18
Page 2 of 5

MEM-121-18
MEM-115-18
Southern Nevada Democrat is seeking a talented writer to be Communications Director. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, developing and implementing communications strategies across both traditional and digital media; writing speeches; responding to press inquiries; drafting press releases; writing and placing op-eds; overseeing and expanding the Member’s social media presence; and planning press conferences and in- district events. Experience with Nevada media a plus. Spanish speakers encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and two sample social media posts to NV01Jobs@gmail.com. The subject line should contain “Communications Director.” No calls or drop-ins, please.
cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
 High-profile House Republican office is seeking an experienced Communications Director. Candidate must be prepared to operate in a fast- paced environment and be able to develop and execute an aggressive communications strategy. National TV pitching and booking experience a plus. Candidate should also possess excellent writing skills and an understanding of the legislative process. Additional responsibilities include drafting press releases, speeches, talking points, op-eds, and newsletters, developing and executing an online media strategy, and maintaining and building local and national press relations.
To apply: Please submit resume and 2 writing samples to AZ02resumes@gmail.com.
   MEM-114-18
Congresswoman Michelle Lujan Grisham is seeking a Communications Director/Press Secretary to lead an aggressive communications
operation. The ideal candidate must be a talented writer; have previous communications experience; and be able to work quickly under pressure in a fast paced work environment. This role demands creativity, high attention to detail, and hard work. Responsibilities include working with the Congresswoman and the legislative team on developing and implementing a communications strategy; managing social media platforms; maintaining the office website; briefing the Congresswoman before interviews; writing talking points for the Congresswoman’s speaking engagements, events, and floor speeches; drafting op-eds; and pitching stories. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. Hill experience a plus. Interested candidates should
 Page 3 of 5

MEM-112-18
Scheduler/Executive Assistant: Duties include managing the daily schedule for a Democratic Member of Congress; reviewing invitations and meeting requests with the Chief of Staff and other staff members; organizing all the logistical aspects of the Member’s schedule and travel arrangements; and making sure the Member attends all of his appointments on time. Other responsibilities include overseeing the front office reception area, flag requests, a very active intern program and other administrative tasks. This position requires exceptional organization, strong interpersonal skills, attention to detail and the ability to multitask and prioritize. Candidates must be a team player with a sense of humor. Previous scheduling experience, Spanish proficiency, and California ties are all pluses. An expanded portfolio to include financial administration is possible for qualified candidates. Please send resume and cover letter to CAJobs@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Mark DeSaulnier (CA-11) is seeking a District Representative for his Richmond office. Job responsibilities include monitoring district and local issues; acting as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies in West Contra Costa County; answering casework correspondence; and ensuring constituents receive a timely response. The position will also assist with the federal grant process. Qualified candidates should be hard working and possess excellent oral and written communications skills, have knowledge of West County, the ability to multi-task, meet deadlines, and produce a quality work product. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district required, but position is based in Richmond. Equal opportunity employer. Salary commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to California11Resumes@gmail.com, please include West County District Representative in the subject line.
Northeast Democrat seeks Press Secretary to run Washington press operations, including working closely with Member’s legislative staff, leadership and committee press staff, and national TV news
producers. Position also includes management of the Member’s website, social media pages, newsletters, e-news updates, and other constituent outreach. Will work closely with District Communications Director on some joint projects. Excellent legislative research and writing skills required. Send cover letter and resume to democratic.hilljob@gmail.com. Minority and women candidates encouraged to apply. No phone calls will be accepted.
SALARY LEVEL/RANGE: Commensurate with experience CLOSING DATE: 4/27/18
START DATE: Immediate
submit both a cover letter and resume in one attachment to NM01.Resumes@mail.house.gov.
   MEM-111-18
 MEM-103-18
 Page 4 of 5

Page 5 of 5
