 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-288-18
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 21, 2018
The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking to immediately fill a full-time job opening for an entry-level Staff Assistant based in her District Office- Norwalk, CA
Position Description
The Staff Assistant position is primarily charged with (but not limited to) answering phones, greeting constituents and visitors, sorting incoming mail, writing correspondence, managing interns, and assisting the District Office staff with additional tasks. Successful candidates will possess strong communication skills, the ability to multitask, attention to detail, political instinct, the ability to prioritize in a fast-paced environment, work cooperatively and courteously with others and temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
Caseworker: Casework responsibilities involve assisting constituents of the 38th Congressional District resolve problems with federal agencies or find the appropriate state or local contact for non-federal issues. The candidate should be persistent and detail-orientated, and put a priority on facilitating
  Page 1 of 6

  MEM-286-18
resolutions and expediting priority requests. Knowledge of California state and federal government agencies and experience in customer service will be highly regarded.
Minimum Qualifications
• Office/administrative experience
• Strong organizations skills; attention to detail.
• Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with
Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
• Strong communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability to
relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable
customer service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
• Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government
agencies and structure (county, state, and federal).
• Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a
team, be able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects
simultaneously, and work under pressure.
• Candidates should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to
excellence, upbeat demeanor, flexibility, and sense of humor.
• Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college
or university with a bachelor’s degree.
• Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.
To Apply
Interested applicants should submit their resume and cover letter via email to: CA38Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in the title of the position in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins accepted.
Congresswoman Gwen Moore seeks an energetic, motivated, and organized individual to serve as the Staff Assistant/Personal Assistant. As Staff Assistant, the individual will manage front desk operations, serve as tour coordinator, supervise interns, greet visitors, answer telephones, process flag requests, provide administrative assistance to staff, and perform other duties as assigned. Familiarity with Fireside preferred. As personal assistant, the individual will be responsible for transporting the member on a daily basis and staffing the member at various events (individuals should expect late nights and early mornings). This position will work closely with the Member of Congress, scheduler, and Chief of Staff. The ideal candidate will be comfortable working in a fast paced environment and able to adjust to sudden schedule changes. Applicants must own a car and have a clean driving record. Previous Capitol Hill experience is strongly desired, but not
required. Wisconsin ties are a plus and minorities and women are encouraged Page 2 of 6

 MEM-285-18 MEM-284-18
to apply. To apply, please submit resume, cover letter and writing sample to wi04resume@mail.house.gov by August 22nd. No calls please.
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Senior LA for Washington office. Not an entry level job. Law degree a plus. Email cover letter, resume, and three references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins please).
Senior Democratic Congressman who serves as Ranking Member on a full committee seeks an experienced, energetic and creative Press Secretary to work in a fast-paced press operation. The ideal candidate should be entrepreneurial and aggressive in generating ideas that yield media coverage, promoting the Member’s agenda through traditional and social media, and raising the Member’s national profile. The Press Secretary will be responsible for all facets of daily press operation including: media strategy development and implementation; serving as primary spokesperson for national and local media; coordinating press conferences; pitching story ideas; managing coverage of legislative action and events; and drafting statements, releases, speeches, opinion editorials and responses to articles. This is not an entry-level position. The candidate must have previous Capitol Hill experience, extensive media contacts and background working with both print and electronic media. Excellent oral and written communications skills and the ability to work in a high pressure, team-oriented environment while juggling multiple tasks are required. On-the-record experience preferred. To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Press Secretary” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.
Democratic Member of Congress seeks Legislative Director. Ideal candidate will have significant Appropriations and Capitol Hill experience. Looking for a team player to add to an already dynamic and fast paced
environment. Additional knowledge on Homeland and DOD issues are a bonus but not required. This office considers all applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. To apply please send resume, cover letter and 3 references to texasdem18@gmail.com.
The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized Staff Assistant for fast-paced committee office. Responsibilities include front office reception; preparation for committee hearings, markups, meetings and events; training and supervising interns; maintaining files, office supplies and equipment; assisting staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and other duties as assigned. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, attention to detail, professionalism, and strong organizational skills. Hill experience preferred. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or gender
   MEM-282-18
MEM-281-18
 Page 3 of 6

 MEM-270-18
identity. The office encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply. Please submit a cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
Rep. Tom McClintock is seeking a Legislative Correspondent in his DC office to manage all aspects of constituent correspondence and handle a small legislative portfolio. Ideal candidates will have knowledge of the legislative process, excellent writing and organizational skills, strong attention to detail, and familiarity with Intranet Quorum (IQ). Duties include, but are not limited to, processing incoming correspondence through Intranet Quorum (IQ), drafting timely responses, reviewing and writing legislation, and meeting with constituents on policy matters. Please email resumé and cover letter to ca04resumes@gmail.com.
Senior Democratic Member seeks Policy Advisor to serve in personal office and on Committee staff. Position will develop and implement legislative initiatives, conduct oversight and investigations, write floor speeches and committee statements, and handle meetings with constituents and interest groups on behalf of Member. Portfolio will likely include health, social security, labor and workforce, energy and the environment, and agriculture and nutrition. An advanced degree and exceptional writing ability required. Hill experience strongly preferred. To apply, please email a cover letter and resume with the words “Policy Advisor” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.
Senior Democratic Congressman who serves as Ranking Member on a full committee seeks an experienced, energetic and creative Press Secretary to work in a fast-paced press operation. The ideal candidate should be entrepreneurial and aggressive in generating ideas that yield media coverage, promoting the Member’s agenda through traditional and social media, and raising the Member’s national profile. The Press Secretary will be responsible for all facets of daily press operation including: media strategy development and implementation; serving as primary spokesperson for national and local media; coordinating press conferences; pitching story ideas; managing coverage of legislative action and events; and drafting statements, releases, speeches, opinion editorials and responses to articles. This is not an entry-level position. The candidate must have previous Capitol Hill experience, extensive media contacts and background working with both print and electronic media. Excellent oral and written communications skills and the ability to work in a high pressure, team-oriented environment while juggling multiple tasks are required. On-the-record experience preferred.
To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Press Secretary” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.
Military Legislative Assistant – GOP Congressman Office Page 4 of 6
 MEM-264-18
 MEM-263-18
 MEM-250-18

 MEM-246-18
MEM-238-18
Congressional staff experience required for candidates to be considered for this job opening.
The duties of this position would include directly staffing the Congressman on the Appropriations Committee for defense, veterans, and foreign affairs policy issues. Several other policy areas would be included in legislative portfolio for this position.
Please send your resume to GOPCongressionalJob@gmail.com.
The Majority staff of the House Committee on Homeland Security is seeking a counsel well versed in border security and immigration law to advise the Chairman and Subcommittee staff. Candidates with current or previous Hill experience are strongly preferred, and preference is also given to candidates with good relationships with relevant Hill and Administration points of contact. Duties include crafting policy, drafting legislation, and being the point person for all Committee Members on these subject areas. Please email a resume to resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov.
Democratic Member of the House Energy & Commerce Committee seeks legislative assistant. Candidate will handle a portfolio that includes environment, energy, natural resources, transportation, education and judiciary issues. Responsibilities include but are not limited to advising the Member on all matters in the issue portfolio; developing and advancing policy proposals; drafting vote recommendations and talking points for related floor and committee proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; and representing the Member before constituents and stakeholders. The ideal candidate will have previous work expertise on these issues; prior legislative experience advising a Member of Congress and advancing policy proposals; excellent written and verbal communication skills; and an eagerness to work in a fast-paced, collaborative office. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and writing sample to employment@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson (D-FL) seeks a dynamic press assistant with strong digital media skills to join our team. Press assistant tasks include helping to compile daily clips, drafting social media content, creating graphics, and assisting in any other aspects of the team’s fast-paced media operation. Strong writing skills and expertise in and a passion for digital media and politics are required. Hill experience and Florida ties are a plus. Applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to: FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop-ins allowed.
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a professional and dynamic executive assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
  MEM-236-18
MEM-179-18
 Page 5 of 6

The executive assistant will be responsible for efficient and accurate management of all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term schedule, meeting logistics, maintaining files and drafting correspondence, greeting visitors, answering phones, and contributing to other miscellaneous projects as needed. The person also will be involved in scheduling staff meetings and briefings, and helping constituents with their visits to Washington, DC, among other duties.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, flexible, and calm under pressure. The applicant must possess excellent communication and time-management skills, a sense of urgency and the ability to work independently with sound judgment and minimal direction, and the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Two years of experience in an administrative or scheduling role is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to applydc@amash.com. Please include "executive assistant applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
 Page 6 of 6
