 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-131-18
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 7, 2018
Congresswoman Debbie Dingell, MI-12, is seeking an experienced and proactive Communications Director to lead media and outreach efforts in her Washington, DC office. The Communications Director will oversee the planning and implementation of overall media strategy and manage the day- to-day communications operation. Responsibilities include but are not limited to working with local and national reporters, proactively engaging in media outreach, managing online communications and writing press releases, speeches and op-eds. The Communications Director will work collaboratively with legislative and district staff and closely with the Member and must possess strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced setting.
This is a very senior level position, and a minimum of two years of communications experience as a press secretary or communications director is required. Qualified candidates may send their resume, cover letter and two writing samples to MI12.CommsDirector@mail.house.gov. Applications must be received by COB on Friday, May 4.
  Page 1 of 4

MEM-130-18
Senior Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior Legislative Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the Financial Services Committee and other issues. Candidates should have substantial experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply, please e-mail a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to financeservicesla@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
New York, Long Island House Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant for Washington, DC office. Duties will include managing front office operations, acting as tour coordinator, managing internship program, special event & meeting coordination, managing tracking systems for legislative and correspondence, and acting as the office’s technological point person. Candidates should have excellent communication skills, work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment, and be a team player. Multi-tasking, enthusiasm, good sense of humor, and keen attention to detail are necessities. Long Island/New York City ties are preferred. Please send resume and cover letter to NY03.resumes@gmail.com.
Senior Democratic House member and Committee Ranking Member seeks Legislative Director. Primary responsibilities include developing policy and legislative initiatives and advising Member on all legislative issues. Position will manage long-term and short-term legislative planning; monitor legislative activity on the House floor; supervise all legislative staff in the personal office; ensure effective coordination between the personal office and committee office; and assist with hearing preparation as needed. The successful candidate will be a results-oriented problem solver with experience supervising staff and a proven track record of developing and advancing legislation. Excellent oral and written communication skills, time- management skills, and the ability to quickly analyze and summarize complex legislative details are essential. Graduate degree and extensive experience on Capitol Hill are required. To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Legislative Director” in the subject line to
job_09@live.com. Please paste the cover letter and resume directly in the body of the email.
The office of Rep. Debbie Dingell, MI-12, is seeking a scheduler/executive assistant to maintain the Member’s official Washington, D.C. schedule, to manage all travel and to work directly with the District based scheduler under the Direction of the Chief of Staff to ensure a seamless schedule between the District and Washington, D.C. offices.
The ideal candidate will have had extensive (3-5 years) experience working as a scheduler and or executive assistant in either a public official’s office or
 MEM-129-18
 MEM-128-18
 MEM-127-18
Page 2 of 4

 MEM-126-18
similar private sector position. This position requires a positive attitude, an ability to be flexible and adapt quickly to changing circumstances and a strong level of competency in multi-tasking and attention to detail. An Associate degree in applied business with an executive secretary major is preferred with least two years of office experience. At a minimum, the candidate should also have had extensive experience booking and managing travel reservations.
Salary is commensurate with level of experience with a wide range of benefits. This office does not discriminate in hiring on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status, or in any of its activities or operations. Interested applicants should email their resume, one short writing sample and a list of references
to MI12Scheduler.Request@mail.house.gov. Please no walk-ins or phone- calls.
The U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission is seeking to fill the Director of Security and Foreign Affairs position. The individual is responsible for leading and managing the Security and Foreign Affairs Team in monitoring, investigating, assessing and reporting on a wide range of China related issues including military/defense/national security, cybersecurity, export controls, foreign affairs, science and technology, and energy
security. Further responsibilities as well as qualification requirements and information on how to apply can be found here. All application materials are due May 11, 2018 at 5:00 pm.
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects. This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $30,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
 MEM-124-18
 MEM-121-18
High-profile House Republican office is seeking an experienced Communications Director. Candidate must be prepared to operate in a fast-
 Page 3 of 4

paced environment and be able to develop and execute an aggressive communications strategy. National TV pitching and booking experience a plus. Candidate should also possess excellent writing skills and an understanding of the legislative process. Additional responsibilities include drafting press releases, speeches, talking points, op-eds, and newsletters, developing and executing an online media strategy, and maintaining and building local and national press relations.
To apply: Please submit resume and 2 writing samples to AZ02resumes@gmail.com.
   Page 4 of 4
