    MEM-295-14
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 25, 2014
Legislative Correspondent- Republican Member seeks Legislative Correspondent with strong Tennessee ties to manage all aspects of constituent correspondence. In addition, this position works with the scheduler to coordinate Member’s schedule in the Washington office. Other duties include: sorting incoming letters and emails, tracking and assigning mail through constituent management software, drafting and sending timely responses. Successful candidates must demonstrate exceptional writing ability, attention to detail, and organizational skills. Hill experience, familiarity with IQ ties are a plus. Send resume and cover letter to TNHousejob@gmail.com
Staff Assistant: We are seeking a highly energetic, motivated, and organized individual to join the team of a Senior Democratic member of Congress. The candidate will have strong interpersonal skills, be comfortable with managing multiple tasks and work well under pressure.
The staff assistant is responsible for preparing letters of greetings, condolence and congratulations on behalf of the Member; answering the phones; coordinating mail and casework distribution; making room reservations for
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
 MEM-286-14
Page 1 of 3

 MEM-281-14
meetings. Light casework assignments will include post office problems and requests for expedited passports and as assigned by the District Director. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting training, scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge of the District of Columbia. Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to D.C., if hired.
The closing date for this until fillee. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two writing samples to:
DC00.NortonResume@mail.houe.gov or fax to (202) 225-1129 Absolutely no phone calls will be accepted!
California Democrat is hiring a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for a fast paced and team-oriented Washington, DC office.
Duties of the position include but are not limited to: DC and district offices.
arrangements.
about the Member’s schedule.
g all front office operations in the Washington DC office.
Qualifications and Skills for the position: interpersonal skills.
-task in a fast-paced environment. district while managing the schedule.
             Page 2 of 3

Member’s needs, while being creative.
ability to work well as an individual and as a
member of a team.
If interested, please email a resume, cover letter, and references to CAJobs@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler/ Executive Assistant” in the subject line. Previous scheduling experience is strongly preferred. Salary will be commensurate with experience. This is not an entry level position.
  Page 3 of 3
