 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-067-19
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 4, 2019
Pacific Northwest Democrat seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities included managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term calendar both in the district and in D.C., working with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between commitments, ensure the Member is provided with briefing materials for each event and meeting, driving the member to events, and performing other duties as required. Capitol Hill and/or executive assistant experience preferred. A driver’s license is required. PNW ties are a plus.
The ideal candidate would be detail-oriented, able to juggle multiple tasks at once, have excellent interpersonal skills, be a problem solver, and understand
Page 1 of 37

the logistics of travel among various time zones. Position can involve long hours and availability by phone on weekends and evenings.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume to
Heck.Resumes@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins or phone calls.
 MEM-066-19
Southern Democratic Member seeks a Special Assistant for D.C. office. Successful applicants will have strong organizational and communication skills, an impeccable work ethic, and the ability to juggle multiple tasks simultaneously. Daily tasks staffing at various events and assisting with other duties as assigned by the Member. Candidates must have access to a car and the ability to work long hours while the Member is in Washington, D.C. Interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to nchousejobs@gmail.com. No drop-ins or phone calls, please. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
 MEM-065-19
Congresswoman Diana DeGette (D-CO) seeks a Communications Assistant with extensive digital experience. The position reports directly to the Communications Director and is responsible for assisting in all aspects of the press shop’s day-to-day responsibilities, including: daily media monitoring, drafting and editing news releases and newsletters, and pitching media events. The position is also responsible for maintaining the Congresswoman’s website, managing her various social media accounts and coming up with creative new ways to enhance her new media presence. This is not an entry- level position; ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of experience working with various digital platforms, developing websites, editing videos and managing
Page 2 of 37

MEM-064-19
SUMMARY: The House Foreign Affairs Committee, Subcommittee on Africa seeks a Staff Associate to perform administrative functions related to the execution of subcommittee business/activity. Responsibilities will include, but are note limited to, tasks related to conducting hearings; conducting research and analysis; organizing documents for staff and members; assisting staff in the hearing room; database maintenance; fact checking; content editing; and proofreading. Ideal candidates will have a demonstrated interest in U.S. Africa foreign policy, strong organizational skills, the ability to multitask, and a high level of professionalism and reliability. A bachelor’s degree and U.S. citizenship are required for this position.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter by February 8, 2019, to Janette.yarwood@mail.house.gov with the position name in the subject line.
BACKGROUND: In addition to its regional jurisdiction, the Subcommittee retains oversight of international health issues, including transboundary infectious diseases, maternal health, and child survival, and programs related to the global ability to address health issues; population issues; the United Nations and its affiliated agencies (excluding peacekeeping and enforcement of United Nations or other international sanctions); the American Red Cross; and the Peace Corps.
The Subcommittee also has jurisdiction over legislation and oversight pertaining to the implementation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights; other matters relating to internationally recognized human rights, including legislation aimed at the promotion of human rights and democracy
social media accounts for a political candidate or elected official. Previous Capitol Hill or campaign experience is preferred. Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing samples to Ryan.Brown@mail.house.gov. Please put “Communications Assistant” in the subject line.
  Page 3 of 37

MEM-062-19
Overview
The Office of Congressman G. K. Butterfield’s mission is to improve the lives of our constituents by being a strong advocate for their needs and providing excellent constituent service.
The Outreach and Constituent Services Representative will help the Office achieve its mission by working with other staff to implement a strategic outreach plan throughout the First District, and assist with the management of the office. This position also acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for constituent casework. This position is based in Durham, NC or Wilson, NC.
Specific Responsibilities
Outreach
•Attends meetings and events to increase the visibility of the Congressman and his office.
•Helps identify district events that should be added to the Congressman's schedule and makes recommendations to the Director of Community Engagement.
•Maintains a calendar of community events and recommends attendance by district staff.
•Staffs the Congressman while in the district, which may require work on evenings and weekends.
•Screens district media, and interacts with constituents, to identify and disseminate information about important issues impacting the district. •Maintains a database of local organizations, community leaders, and religious institutions.
•Prepares documents that will be presented at events.
generally; and the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction, and related issues.
Page 4 of 37

•Prepares briefing materials for the Congressman before district events. •Documents events including taking notes, photos and recording videos.
Constituent Services
•Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area of responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies.
•Handles casework assignments and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner.
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of importance to the office.
•Helps coordinate tours for families of the District and process Flag requests. •Prepares condolences, certificates, proclamations, letters of recommendation and support, birthday and anniversary acknowledgements, and other special recognitions and greetings on behalf of the Congressman.
•Answers constituent calls throughout the day, answers constituent requests for general information, and records callers’ opinions.
•Helps to coordinate events such as Congressional Arts Competition, Service Academy Nominations and Town Hall events.
Administrative
•Helps with general administrative support for staff, specifically the Systems Administrator, Scheduler, District Director, and the Congressman.
•Works with staff to procure supplies and equipment, and to maintain and update office equipment inventory
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVILANT EXPERIENCE):
Strong academic credentials; work requires administrative and organizational skills generally acquired through completion of a bachelor's degree program. Alternatively, an equivalent combination of relevant education and experience will be considered.
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
•Have strong North Carolina ties, particularly in Durham and/or the eastern North Carolina.
•Have a strong commitment to public service and willingness to work with a diverse population.
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
•Interest in the legislative process and House organization and procedures. •Interest in local, state and federal agencies and departments.
•Knowledge of important issues in the district.
•Professional telephone matter.
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
Page 5 of 37

MEM-061-19
The Office of Congressman G. K. Butterfield (D-NC) seeks an energetic, organized, and creative Digital Media Assistant to join the Washington, DC office. The Digital Media Assistant will be responsible for assisting the communications team with digital outreach.
Responsibilities include producing graphics and videos to amplify the Member’s legislative work, as well as leading photography at events. The assistant may also be responsible for answering the phones, leading Capitol tours, preparing letters of greetings, condolences, and congratulations on behalf of the Member, and other tasks as needed.
Candidates must be excellent writers, have a demonstrated interest in digital media work, be detail-oriented, and have an ability to manage multiple competing tasks. Must be proficient in photo editing tools, e-newsletter platforms (i.e. Constant Contact, IQ, and Mail Chimp), graphic design tools (i.e. Photoshop and Canva), and video editing tools (i.e. iMovie and Premiere Pro).
North Carolina ties and Capitol Hill experience preferred, but not required.
pleasant, and professional manner.
•Be willing to drive long distances throughout a large and mostly rural district.
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of casework responsibilities.
HOW TO APPLY:
Representative Butterfield is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Interested candidates should upload (1) a resume (no longer than 1 page) and (2) a cover letter (no longer than 1 page) at this link here.
https://airtable.com/shr1pZfMzeX0nFRIz
 Page 6 of 37

MEM-060-19
The Office of Congressman G. K. Butterfield (D-NC) seeks an energetic and organized Legislative Correspondent to join the Washington, DC office. The Legislative Correspondent will be responsible for answering constituent mail and e-mail and will coordinate with legislative staff to prepare responses. The Legislative Correspondent will organize and sort all incoming constituent inquiries and will ensure that outgoing responses are sent in a timely manner. This position also monitors all incoming correspondence, analyzes trends, and reports findings to senior staff and the Congressman.
Additional responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering the telephone, responding to constituent requests for general information, and handling other inquiries. This position also assists with miscellaneous administrative and legislative duties at the request of staff or the Congressman.
Any interested candidate must be an excellent writer, have a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, be detail-oriented, have the ability to manage multiple and competing tasks, and have excellent organizational and proofreading skills.
North Carolina ties, Capitol Hill experience, and experience using Intranet Quorum (IQ) are preferred, but not required.
Any interested applicant should be a team player.
Applicants should submit their resume, cover letter and two work product
samples here https://airtable.com/shrt1D4y1Towvo8e3
Applicants should submit their resume, cover letter and two work product samples here
https://airtable.com/shrHWTEO6eTg37TsJ
  Page 7 of 37

MEM-059-19
Staff Assistant – Progressive Democrat seeking a Staff Assistant. Responsibilities include assisting legislative staff, hiring and managing a team of interns, answering the phone, greeting visitors, leading tours, processing flag requests, and handling other administrative tasks as assigned. Applicants should have a strong organizational and writing skills, an affinity for multi- tasking, and a good sense of humor. Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District a plus as is Hill experience. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and a writing sample of no more than two pages to tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov. Please write “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. Please be aware this office has a dog. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
Communications Director: Senior Democrat seeks a communications director experienced in all aspects of public relations and social media, who is also organized, energetic and creative to be based in D.C. congressional office to handle all communications strategy and media operations for an unusually busy office, whose Member often has opportunities to appear on TV and radio media. This is a very fast-paced office where the communications director overseas all day-to-day press operations including writing press releases, managing the social media portfolio, pitching stories, responding to reporters’ inquiries, producing newsletters, overseeing website content, developing, building relationships with local and national media and organizing press conferences and media events. Excellent research, writing and social media skills are essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will develop and implement a strategic communications plan, think outside the box and possess the political savvy needed to anticipate big news stories and to proactively promote the Member’s message. At least three years of prior media and/or Hill experience and demonstrated experience with both mainstream and new media outlets is preferred. This is NOT an entry level communications position. Candidate must be a DC resident or be willing to become a resident of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
 MEM-058-19
Page 8 of 37

Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled.
 MEM-057-19
Progressive U.S. Member of Congress has an immediate opening for a highly motivated Outreach Representative to join their District Office. This is a full-time position.
Duties for this position include, but are not limited to: attending community outreach events on behalf of the Member and District Office; working with local businesses, merchant associations, community organizations, and agencies to assist them in navigating the services provided by the federal government; organizing and participating in community projects and events; and developing and executing outreach strategies with the Outreach Director. Other qualifications include strong communication, writing and presentation skills, event planning experience, and knowledge of the District and the greater Brooklyn area.
The Outreach Representative will also serve as liaison to Community Boards, Precincts Councils and Block Associations.
Valid driver’s license preferred. Fluency in Haitian Creole or Russian is highly preferred.
Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is required.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected by law.
Please send resume and cover letter to NYDemocrat@mail.house.gov
  Page 9 of 37

MEM-056-19
Progressive U.S. Member of Congress has an immediate opening for a highly- motivated Constituent Services Representative to join their District Office. This is a full-time position.
Must have extraordinary interpersonal skills, be customer service oriented, be highly-motivated and organized, exhibit a professional demeanor and work ethic. Excellent writing skills are required. Other qualifications include strong analytical skills and experience with casework pertaining to issues such as immigration, veterans’ affairs, social security, housing, and more. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: developing and executing constituent services plans with Constituent Services Director, responding to constituent casework, meeting with constituents, as well as working with local and federal agencies to navigate relevant services provided. Valid driver’s license preferred. Fluency in Haitian Creole or Russian is highly preferred. Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is required.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected by law.
Please send resume and cover letter to NYDemocrat@mail.house.gov
Moderate Freshman Midwest Democrat in competitive district seeks Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse slate of policy areas. Responsibilities of this position include drafting and analyzing legislation, working closely with district and DC stakeholders and district staff, meeting regularly with constituents, including travel to the district, preparing written and in-person briefings for a very active Member, and tracking timely developments in issue areas. Issue areas may include but are not limited to financial services, budget, tax, foreign policy, defense, veterans affairs, immigration, criminal justice and civil rights, and democracy reform. This is not an entry-level position. Previous policy experience on the Hill is preferred. We are an equal opportunity employer.
 MEM-055-19
Page 10 of 37

MEM-054-19
The Staff Assistant is responsible for handling the phones and front office functions in a professional and constituent oriented manner. This includes the following functions: greeting visitors, answering the phone and constituent requests for information; monitoring pick-up and delivery of materials; maintaining organization in the front office and assisting with various administrative duties; responsible for scholarship and student loan casework; coordinates Eagle Scout program; writes all recommendation letters; handles flag requests; handles ordering of all office supplies with consent of District Director; maintains files and supply room; and opens and assigns all District Office IQ mail daily.
This position also performs the duties of both the Intern Coordinator and the Systems Administrator. He/she manages the internship program for the District Office and is charged with making the internship a valuable educational experience for the intern and acting as a role model for professional office conduct. As Systems Administrator, this person updates and maintains all office computers and the office computer system/network as well as the telephone system. This position also coordinates the filing and indexing of all correspondence and mass mailings and acts as a liaison between the office and House Information Resources.
The Staff Assistant reports directly to the District Director.
Responsibilities:
-Answers and screens telephone calls for the Congressman and other staff members;
-Opens and distributes mail to the appropriate staff member;
-Responds to constituent requests for flags, tours and other information; -Orders all office supplies and maintains office equipment;
-Manages office recycling program;
-Coordinates White House tours;
-Maintains the office phones and voice mail;
To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to
Michigan11Jobs@gmail.com with Legislative Assistant Application in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
 Page 11 of 37

 MEM-052-19
-Ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member in a timely manner;
-Records visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant information;
-Sends, receives, and distributes materials via the facsimile machine; -Interviews and makes recommendations to the District Director regarding the hiring of interns;
-Trains, orients and handles complaints with interns;
-Assigns daily duties to interns and coordinates with other staff members to plan, assign and evaluate interns’ educational opportunities and work assignments;
-Maintains files on all past or present interns;
-Acts as a liaison between staff and interns;
-Performing other duties as assigned.
Resumes should be sent to Cori Duggins, District Director at
cori.duggins@mail.house.gov.
The Republican Staff of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, the chief investigative body of the House of Representatives, seeks a Staff Assistant to perform administrative functions, research projects, and other special assignments. Qualified candidates will have previous Hill or public policy experience, hold a Bachelors’ Degree, and be knowledgeable about or interested in congressional oversight. The ideal candidate will possess a strong research and writing skills, a demonstrated attention to detail, the ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, work well on teams, and a be willing to accomplish a variety of assignments quickly and effectively. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to oversight.committee@mail.house.gov.
A Texas Democrat seeks an experienced Military Legislative Assistant to oversee a wide-ranging policy portfolio including Armed Services Committee work. This is not an entry-level position and a minimum of 3 years of
 MEM-049-19
Page 12 of 37

MEM-046-19
Press/Digital Assistant – Progressive Democrat and Senior Member of the House Judiciary Committee is seeking a Press/Digital Assistant to work closely with the Communications Director to elevate the Member’s communications operation. Duties will include monitoring and maintenance of the Member’s social media accounts, drafting and posting content for social media, producing graphics and videos, maintaining the website, compiling daily press clips, meticulously proofreading and fact-checking written materials (including letters, social media posts, press releases, newsletters, talking points, and more), creating e-newsletters and franked mailings, creating targeted mailing lists for mass outreach campaigns, and other responsibilities assigned. The ideal candidate will be organized, detail- oriented, tech-savvy, able to work long hours in a fast-paced environment, have superior writing and proofreading skills and the ability to work closely with a communications and legislative team. Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District, previous congressional or campaign experience, and photography/videography/graphic design skills strongly preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, 2 writing samples, an original graphic and/or video, and sample tweets to
tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov. Please write “Press/Digital Assistant” in the Page 13 of 37
legislative or equivalent experience is required. Responsibilities include staffing member in committee, drafting bills, tracking legislation, writing talking points, providing vote recommendations, and meeting with constituents and interest groups. Ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing skills, and the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Former military service, Texas ties, and an active security clearance are a plus. To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to TX16Resumes@gmail.com and write “Military Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
  
MEM-043-19
Staff Assistant: Veterans Committee Majority
The Democratic staff of the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a Staff Assistant to handle administrative tasks, event coordination, workflow tracking, constituent communication, research, and other tasks as needed. A qualified candidate has a Bachelors’ degree, Hill or political experience, and knowledge of military and veterans issues. He or she should be extremely organized, hardworking, creative and willing to handle any task necessary get the job done. Perfect job for organized, self-starter looking to work in a fast-paced environment and gain Hill experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women, minorities, and LGBTQ candidates to apply. Veterans are also strongly encouraged to apply. Please submit cover letter and resume to hvactransition@gmail.com with Staff Assistant in the subject line.
The Office of Congressman Ed Case (HI-01) seeks a hardworking and detailed-oriented Staff Assistant in DC. Responsibilities include answering the phone, greeting visitors, leading tours, processing flag requests, and handling other administrative tasks as assigned. Applicants will also perform some legislative-related work, such as writing letters and evaluating bills for cosponsorship. Hawai‘i ties and previous Hill experience strongly preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls or drop-ins. .
MEM-042-19
subject line. Please be aware this office has a dog. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
  Page 14 of 37

MEM-039-19
The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia seeks an experienced Communications Director to lead her media team. Ideal candidates will possess a strong network of press and Hill contacts, and will have experience creating dynamic communications strategies. Responsibilities include planning and managing all aspects of the Congresswoman’s digital media; writing press releases, op-eds, and talking points; pitching stories; developing messaging; and conveying complex issues to a broad audience. A qualified candidate will have a minimum of 4 years of experience in communications. Hill or other political experience is strongly preferred. Spanish language proficiency is required.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to TX29SG.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “TX-29 Communications Director” in the subject line.
Female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
A Texas Democrat seeks a hardworking Legislative Aide to oversee the mail program and handle a small policy portfolio. Responsibilities include managing a high-volume mail program, researching legislative issues, and drafting timely responses. Ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing skills, and the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Texas ties, knowledge of Fireside 21, and Spanish fluency are a plus, but not required. To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to TX16Resumes@gmail.com
 MEM-038-19
 Page 15 of 37

MEM-037-19
Midwestern Democratic Representative seeks an experienced Communications Director to serve in the Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should have at least three years of experience on the Hill or in an aggressive, proactive media environment. This position will manage all communications and social media functions of the office, including developing communications plans, maintaining relationships with both national and district media, responding to daily media inquiries, and preparing written materials, including speeches, talking points, newsletters, op-eds, and direct mail. Qualified candidates must demonstrate extensive on-the-record experience, creativity with the full range of social media platforms, an ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously, and excellent oral and written communications skills. Knowledge of Congressional process and public policy is highly desirable. This is not an entry-level position. Please submit resume and two writing samples to press.resumes@mail.house.gov.
Democrat seeks Senior Legislative Assistant or Legislative Director depending on qualifications to handle financial services, tax, economic issues, and other domestic policy issues. Candidate must have substantial Congressional experience and understand the legislative process. A successful applicant will possess strong writing and verbal communication skills, work well with others, and be comfortable in a fast-paced environment. To apply, please e-mail a resume and cover letter to financeservicesla@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-036-19
and write “Legislative Aide” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
  Page 16 of 37

MEM-035-19
PA House Republican member seeks a pro-active, experienced communications director to implement strategic media plan in a fast-paced and results-driven environment. Successful candidates will be comfortable multi-tasking and managing deadlines. Must have proven track-record, and ability to manage website, social media platforms, and experience managing a robust constituent outreach program. Outstanding writing skills and strong managerial skills are required. This is not an entry level position. Qualified candidates should submit resume and cover letter to pa01communication@gmail.com
Northeast Democrat seeks enthusiastic Legislative Director to coordinate and oversee the Member’s legislative agenda, along with advising the Member on legislative activities and leading legislative staff. This is not an entry-level position. An ideal candidate will have at least 3 years of legislative experience on the Hill. Successful applicants must have a demonstrated ability to manage and mentor staff, think strategically, and have experience in formulating strategic plans for advancing legislation. Expert knowledge of House legislative processes and procedures, excellent organization and communication skills, and the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines is required. New Jersey ties are a plus but not required. Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to NJ10resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: First name Last Name - Legislative Director. Applications received by January 16, 2019 will receive priority. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT: Senior Member on the House Committee on Transportation & Infrastructure is seeking qualified candidates to staff the Member’s committee assignment in addition to managing a diverse legislative issue portfolio. Candidates should be accomplished at drafting, advancing, and analyzing legislation, monitoring legislative developments, conducting research, and drafting vote recommendations. Ideal candidates will have strong organizational and time management skills, excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a positive attitude. Paramount is a solid knowledge of the legislative process as well as an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in an unpredictable work
 MEM-029-19
 MEM-027-19
Page 17 of 37

 MEM-025-19
environment, all while keeping a sense of humor. This is not an entry-level legislative position. 2-3 years of Hill experience strongly preferred. Mid- South ties are a plus but not required. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested individuals should e-mail a resume and 2 recent writing samples (no longer than 2 pages each) to tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: [First name] [Last Name] – Senior Legislative Assistant. Please be aware this office has a dog. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an attorney for an investigative counsel position. The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics; criminal law; employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel” in the subject line.
Democratic House member from California seeks pro-active, experienced Communications Director to develop and implement strategic media plan in a fast-paced and results -driven environment. Must have proven track-record, and ability to manage website and social media tools. Outstanding writing skills and strong pitching skills are required. This is not an entry level position. Qualified candidates should submit resume and cover letter to commstaffer@gmail.com.
 MEM-024-19
 Page 18 of 37

MEM-020-19
The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a Staff Assistant to handle administrative tasks, event coordination, workflow tracking, research and other tasks as needed. He or she will work directly with the Staff Director.
A qualified candidate has a bachelors’ degree and Hill experience or knowledge of American politics. He or she should be extremely organized, hardworking, creative and willing to handle any task necessary get the job done. A degree in economics, political science or a related field is helpful but not required. Perfect job for organized, self-starter looking to work in a fast- paced environment and gain Hill experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and referral number 224743 in the subject line. All application materials must be submitted by 5:00 pm EST on February 11.
Congresswoman Diana DeGette seeks a District Director based in her Denver office. The full job description is below. The ideal candidate will be creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be able to have fun while maintaining a busy schedule. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to degettedistrictdirectorsearch@gmail.com.
SUMMARY:
The District Director manages all aspects of district office operations
 MEM-011-19
 Page 19 of 37

MEM-009-19
including community outreach, casework, and staff oversight and represents the Congresswoman at events and meetings throughout the community.
Essential Management Functions
•Manages district office staff; including planning, assigning and directing work. addressing complaints; and resolving problems.
•Manages district office budget and finances.
•Manages the Congresswoman’s schedule in coordination with the district scheduler.
•Manages staff outreach to the local community with the assistance of the outreach coordinator.
•Oversees the management of constituent casework with the Deputy District Director coordinator.
•Ensures clear communication with the DC office and regular reporting of district office activities to the Congresswoman.
•Coordinates closely with DC staff to develop and implement the overall strategic plan for the Congresswoman’s staff.
Additional Essential Job Functions
•Initiates and maintains key relationships with elected and non-elected leaders in the congressional district.
•Develops a keen understanding of the local political climate and the needs and concerns of all the constituencies within the congressional district. •Actively promotes the Congresswoman’s legislative goals and accomplishments in the local community.
•Maintains direct outreach connections with specific constituencies as assigned based on experience and the needs of the office.
•Represents the Congresswoman and/or assigns appropriate staff to do so in meetings and at events with elected officials and local groups in the district. •Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends. •Assists constituents as needed.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Democratic Chair-elect of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks to fill a Clerk opening on the Full Committee staff. Duties include assisting with the preparation and conduct of markups, assisting with hearing preparation, maintaining and archiving Committee records, assisting with the printing of Committee documents, and executing other administrative duties as needed. Applicants should possess strong organizational and communication skills, the ability to work under tight deadlines, and be able to multi-task effectively. Hill experience is required. Previous clerking experience is strongly preferred. Please send a resume and cover letter to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This position will close on January 9, 2019.
 Page 20 of 37

MEM-006-19
MEM-005-19
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Senior Health LA for Washington office. Not an entry level job. Law degree a plus. Email cover letter, resume, and three references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins please) Reply with subject line, Senior Health LA.
Senior California Democrat seeks a motivated, energetic, and detail-oriented Scheduler for the Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include coordinating and maintaining the Member’s schedule, drafting personal correspondence, and occasionally driving the member. Qualified applicants must be personable, dependable, and able to juggle multiple tasks with competing priorities. California ties preferred. Sense of humor required. To apply, please submit resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com
The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently seeking a Deputy Clerk to assist the Chief Clerk in the 116th Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to archiving and records keeping, notices and circulations, official filings, editing letters and reports, hearing, markup and conference logistics and proceeding, bill drops and floor logistics, redlines, updates to the website, managing intern and fellowship program, maintaining the documents room, updating and maintaining the Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned. Candidates should possess exceptional organizational skills, be comfortable with public speaking, and have excellent writing and research skills. The Deputy clerk will be required to assume all clerking duties in the absence of the Chief Clerk. Previous congressional experience is highly encouraged. Salary commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and writing sample to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. To
  MEM-456-18
 Page 21 of 37

ensure proper identification, please put “DEPUTY CLERK APPLICATION” in the subject line.
Page 22 of 37
