  House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
  MEM-063-17
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 27, 2017
Ways and Means Committee Republican is seeking a Legislative Assistant to handle a legislative portfolio with an emphasis on veterans, housing, and education issues. Duties include, but are not limited to, drafting responses to constituent mail and calls for all issue areas; monitoring floor, committee, and regulatory activity; conducting meetings with constituents and stakeholders; developing legislation; and advising the Congressman and senior staff. Applicants must have experience as a Legislative Correspondent and strong writing, organizational, and project management skills. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to: gopjobopening@gmail.com.
Southern Conservative Congressman seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse portfolio of issues with a particular emphasis on Committee related topics of health care, education and labor issues. Prior legislative experience on Capitol Hill dealing with policy issues is required. Individuals will be expected to have excellent research, writing, and communication skills. Duties will include briefing the Congressman regarding bills on the floor and policy proposals, Committee prep for hearings and markups, generating
 MEM-061-17
Page 1 of 3

 MEM-058-17
policy positions, taking meetings with constituents, and helping with constituent correspondence program. This individual must be confident and well spoken, and should possess strong interpersonal skills and a willingness to work in a team environment. Southern ties preferred. Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and writing samples to southerncongressmanjob@gmail.com.
Midwestern Republican House member seeks an energetic, highly-organized and detail-oriented Scheduler. Responsibilities focus primarily on managing the Member’s schedule in Washington, D.C. and in District, but also include evaluating all meeting requests, and coordinating office travel arrangements and special events. The ideal candidate will be extremely detail oriented, proactive, motivated, and will possesses flexibility and the ability to thrive in a fast paced environment. Prior scheduling experience is preferred, and some driving will be required. Please email your resume to midwestmember@mail.house.gov to apply.
Congresswoman Michelle Lujan Grisham is seeking applicants for a motivated, hard-working, and detail-oriented Legislative Assistant. Portfolio includes defense, veterans, foreign affairs, homeland security, education, transportation, and science and technology. A positive attitude, sense of humor, and excellent written and oral communication skills are essential. Significant congressional or public policy experience is required. New Mexico ties are a plus and the office encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or sexual orientation. To apply, applicants should submit one document which includes only their resume and cover letter to NM01.Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized Staff Assistant for fast-paced committee office. Responsibilities include front office reception; preparation for committee hearings, markups, meetings and events; training and supervising interns; maintaining files, office supplies and equipment; assisting staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and other duties as assigned. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, attention to detail, professionalism, and strong organizational skills. Hill experience preferred. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or gender identity. The office encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply. Please submit a cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-053-17
 MEM-043-17
 Page 2 of 3

MEM-029-17
House Democratic Caucus Vice Chair Linda T. Sánchez (CA-38) is seeking a Press Assistant/Speechwriter to join an aggressive communications team in Washington DC. Responsibilities include drafting talking points, press releases and advisories; managing social media accounts; coordinating press events, and other tasks as assigned. Candidates for this position must have Spanish fluency and possess strong bilingual writing and speaking skills. Prior press experience; Hill or campaign experience and familiarity with social media and digital-based content is strongly preferred. Interested candidates must submit resume, cover letter, up to 3 writing samples in English and Spanish, and 2 examples of social media or digital media work products to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com.
House Democratic Caucus Vice Chair Linda T. Sánchez (CA-38) seeks a motivated, energetic, and detail-oriented Staff Assistant/Driver for the Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include front office duties, conducting Capitol tours, greeting office visitors, and driving the Member within Washington DC. Qualified applicants must be personable, dependable, and able to juggle multiple tasks with competing priorities. California ties and Spanish language proficiency preferred. To apply, please submit resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com.
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives. Rep. Elijah E. Cummings, the Ranking Member, is seeking an Investigative Counsel to join the Democratic staff to participate in all matters under the Committee’s jurisdiction, including investigations, hearings, depositions, tran¬scribed interviews, and briefings. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with 2-5 years of investigative or litigation experience. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Investigative Counsel” in the subject line.
 MEM-028-17
MEM-352-16
  Page 3 of 3
