    MEM-142-16
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 2, 2016
Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. of California seeks a Caseworker for his Palm Desert, California district office. Successful candidates will have previous experience in social work, familiarity with federal agencies, excellent written and oral communication skills, be team-oriented, and comfortable working both independently and as part of a team. Prior experience working for federal, state, or local government is a plus. Candidates with fluency or strong verbal and written proficiency in Spanish are strongly preferred. Strong knowledge or connection with Riverside County and California’s 36th Congressional District is a plus. Availability for evening and weekend assignments is required.
Caseworkers in the Office of Congressman Ruiz assist constituents by navigating complex casework through federal agencies in areas such as veterans’ affairs, social security, housing, immigration. Caseworkers also assess casework and community activities for matters warranting legislative action.
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
Page 1 of 6

 MEM-141-16
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to Octavio.Gonzalez@mail.house.gov. Please write “Caseworker” in the subject line of your email message.
PLEASE NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
North Carolina Democrat seeks a Communications Director with at least 2 years of experience. This person will be responsible for planning and executing a proactive and aggressive media and community outreach strategy. Candidates must have excellent writing skills, be creative, energetic, politically astute and able to work well in a fast-paced collaborative environment. It is preferred that candidates have prior on-the-record experience, have drafted all forms of communications materials—especially op-eds—and an ability to respond to challenging situations quickly and strategically. Candidates should have a track-record of successfully pitching both national and local media entities as well as existing relationships with DC reporters and producers. Responsibilities include serving as spokesperson, drafting press releases and advisories, op-eds, and talking points. This person will also manage a press secretary and be responsible of implementing a strategic social media outreach. North Carolina ties preferred. The Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and strongly values the diversity of its employees. We encourage women and people of color to apply. Please send cover letter, resume and two writing samples (including a press release) to NCHouseJobs@gmail.com with Communications Director in subject line. No calls or drop ins.
Senior Democrat seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse portfolio of issues including science, technology, education, energy, and agriculture. Staffer must be able to handle multiple projects simultaneously in a demanding office environment; must have superior written and oral communications skills; and must be able to interface effectively with committee staff. This is not an entry-level position and prior Capitol Hill experience either as a Legislative Correspondent or Legislative Assistant is required. Please send resume with cover letter to txdemjobs@gmail.com. No phone calls or walk-ins will be considered.
California Democrat seeks a motivated, energetic, and detail-oriented Staff Assistant/Scheduler for the Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include coordinating and maintaining the Member’s schedule, front office duties, conducting Capitol tours, and greeting office visitors. Qualified applicants must be personable, dependable, and able to juggle multiple tasks with competing priorities. California ties and Spanish language proficiency strongly preferred. To apply, please submit resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com.
 MEM-140-16
 MEM-135-16
 Page 2 of 6

MEM-133-16
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking an energetic, detail- oriented, and hard-working scheduler to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The scheduler will be responsible for managing—and ensuring the smooth execution of—all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term schedule, as well as providing related administrative support.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, and committed to individual liberty, economic freedom, and the Constitution. He or she must demonstrate excellent communication skills and the ability to exercise sound, independent judgment. Individuals who prefer staid and steady work or who avoid challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and writing sample to mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "scheduler applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Legislative Assistant to cover immigration and other issues. Spanish a plus. Hill experience preferred. Proven writing and research skills required. Email cover letter, resume, three references, and brief writing sample to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls please).
Ohio Democratic office seeks an enthusiastic, highly organized, and detail- oriented Legislative Correspondent/ Staff Assistant for a fast-paced office. Primary responsibilities include managing constituent correspondence, supervising interns, coordinating White House and Capitol tours, Presidential greetings, answering telephones, greeting visitors, and conducting research. Qualified applicants must have excellent written, verbal, research, and organizational skills, and the ability to juggle multiple tasks with competing priorities. Previous Capitol Hill experience and experience using SPRY Mail constituent management system is not required but preferred. Please submit a cover letter, resume and 2 writing samples to District11Resumes@mail.house.gov.
Democratic Member seeks an organized, energetic and savvy Legislative Assistant to handle health and aging policy portfolio. The selected candidate will be joining a fast-paced, team-oriented Washington DC office, and must be a self-starter that can quickly learn district and Member priorities. Duties include preparing and staffing the Member for committee hearings and floor votes, developing and advancing legislation and other policy priorities of the Member, representing the Member in meetings, and drafting constituent
 MEM-132-16
MEM-131-16
  MEM-130-16
Page 3 of 6

 MEM-129-16
correspondence. Applicants must have superior analytical skills, strong written and oral communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, and a sense of humor. Knowledge of the Affordable Care Act, Medicare, Medicaid, and the legislative process required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Resumes4@mail.house.gov.
Progressive Florida Democrat seeks a Press Secretary to serve in his D.C. office. Candidates should be proactive, and possess superior written and oral communication skills (including strong writing, editing, and proofreading capabilities). The ideal candidate will have prior political/legislative and communications experience.
Primary Responsibilities:
• Establishing and maintaining relationships with national and D.C.-based media
• Coordinating all media efforts and communications-related events
• Drafting and distributing press releases and media advisories; drafting, editing, and placing op-eds
• Pitching stories to reporters, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the point-of-contact for national press
• Monitoring media narratives and identifying opportunities to promote the Member
• Overseeing franked communications strategy, including: the drafting, design, and distribution of franked mail content; executing telephone town hall events; and managing congressional e-newsletter
• Managing the congressional website and ensuring that it features timely content
• Coordinating and staffing the Congressman for interviews and events (including occasional night and weekend commitments)
• Compiling and distributing press clippings
To apply:
Please send a current résumé, cover letter with salary requirement, two writing samples (not to exceed one page each), and three references to FL09job@gmail.com. No calls, emails or walk-ins, please.
California Republican seeks Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse portfolio of issues.
Duties will include tracking legislation and other developments to brief the Member on floor votes and pending legislative matters, developing and implementing policy initiatives in line with office goals, meeting with constituents and other interest groups, and coordinating with DC and district staff regarding legislation, messaging, and events. Qualified candidates must be proactive and hard working with exceptional writing and communication
 MEM-128-16
Page 4 of 6

 MEM-092-16
skills and the ability to work effectively in a fast paced environment. Legislative experience required. California ties are a plus.
Please email resume and cover letter to cagopjobs@gmail.com.
Active Democrat House Member seeks experienced, media savvy communications director to run aggressive press operation in fast-paced office. Duties include: managing day-to-day press operations in D.C. and the district, developing communication strategy, drafting press releases, op-eds, talking points and other content, overseeing and planning media events, preparing member, developing relationships with local and national reporters, and working in conjunction with outreach director and district staff. Ideal candidate will have a sense of humor, on-the-record experience and excellent writing skills. Hill or other political experience/California ties a plus. Please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to ca07jobs@gmail.com. Please, no walk-ins or phone calls.
Georgia Democrat seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized Administrative Assistant for Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include serving as confidential assistant to the Chief of Staff and Member, supporting Member’s daily activities, and other tasks as assigned. This position is completely administrative in nature. Applicants should submit cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to GADemJobs@gmail.com. Please include Administrative Assistant in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-bys.
Senior Democratic Member from California seeks an experienced, detail- oriented, and highly organized Scheduler for the Washington, D.C. Office. Responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term schedules, coordinating all travel arrangements, and assisting the Member with meeting requests and changes to the calendar. The Scheduler is responsible for communicating and directing D.C. staff on the materials required for meetings/events and the execution of the daily office schedule. Individuals applying for this position should be prepared to have flexible work hours and be able to adapt to a fast-paced, team oriented, and dynamic environment. Valid driver's license required. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to twaun.samuel@mail.house.gov.
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Systems Manager for Washington office. Texas contacts preferred. Email cover letter, resume, and three references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls please).
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Legislative Assistant to cover health, education, and other issues. Law or graduate degree and Hill experience preferred. This is not an entry level position. Proven writing and research
 MEM-091-16
MEM-089-16
  MEM-088-16
MEM-087-16
 Page 5 of 6

skills required. Email cover letter, resume, three references, and brief writing sample to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls please).
 Page 6 of 6
