 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-149-17
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 15, 2017
Congresswoman Gabbard is seeking a dynamic, passionate Military Legislative Assistant or Senior National Security/Foreign Policy Advisor to support her work on the House Armed Services Committee and House Foreign Affairs Committee. This position’s portfolio will include Veterans Affairs, Homeland Security, and Intelligence. Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the Member for committee hearings, managing the day-to-day development of Member requests for the National Defense Authorization Act, working closely with the Member on legislative strategy, researching and advising the Member on bills and other issues, and representing the Member in meetings and events.
We are seeking someone to join our fun, team-oriented, hard-working office. The successful candidate will possess a can-do attitude and will be solutions oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter and will possess the capacity to produce high quality work on short deadlines. He or she will also have a demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work environment. Veteran applications are encouraged. Ideal candidates should have House Armed
Page 1 of 5

 MEM-148-17
Services Committee experience, Hill experience, or both. Hawaii ties and an active security clearance is a plus.
To submit your application, please email a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples with the subject line “Military legislative assistant”
to hi02jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or walk-ins.
Progressive Democratic Member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee seeks Senior Legislative Assistant to staff Senior Member on committee matters. Legislative portfolio will include financial services, tax, economic development, labor, budget, agriculture and postal issues. Responsibilities include: staffing the Member at committee hearings and markups, helping develop and advance legislation and other policy priorities of the Member, conducting research, and advising the Member on bills and other issues.
Applicants should have substantial Hill legislative experience, strong organizational, writing, and communication skills and be detail oriented. Should also have ability to work in a fast-paced environment while keeping a sense of humor. Minorities and women are encouraged to apply. Please send a cover letter, resume and two writing samples to cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins.
Democratic Member of Congress from North Carolina seeks a Legislative Director for D.C. Office. The legislative portfolio includes transportation. This individual is responsible for drafting legislation and amendments, tracking legislation, developing legislative initiatives, writing speeches and floor statements, staffing the Member in Committee, and representing the Member in meetings with constituents and interested parties. Applicants should have experience in education policy, excellent written and verbal communication skills, work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment, be a strong team player, and have at least two years of legislative experience on Capitol Hill. Ties to North Carolina are a plus. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two brief writing samples along with three references to nchousejobs@gmail.com. Please be sure to put LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR in the subject line. No drop-ins or phone calls. The office is an equal opportunity employer.
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and self-motivated legislative assistant focused on economics to join our Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. He or she will be
 MEM-147-17
 MEM-145-17
Page 2 of 5

 MEM-144-17
expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues, including budget and appropriations, commerce, defense, housing, social welfare, and taxation.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. He or she must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. A degree in economics or at least two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "assistant applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
This job opportunity was first posted late last year, but no interviews were conducted. Previous applicants still interested in this opportunity should resubmit their materials, as previous submissions will not be considered.
Senior Conservative Republican House Member seeks a seasoned Legislative Director with strong organizational and communication skills, leadership capability and legislative experience. The Legislative Director will report to the Chief of Staff, manage the legislative team, help supervise the constituent mail program and work alongside the Communications Director. The LD will be responsible for an issue portfolio with a primary focus on overseeing the member’s work on the House Financial Services Committee. The LD position requires someone who pays attention to detail, is passionate about public service, is proactive, has excellent writing ability, and can work well in a friendly, team environment. Previous hill experience is required. This is not an entry level position. We are looking for candidates with strong legislative experience. The position is located in the Washington, DC office. To apply, please email a resume, cover letter, three references, and a writing sample with the subject line “legislative director” to FL.ConservativeRep@gmail.com.
Texas Democrat seeks energetic, self-motivated individual for Staff Assistant position. Primary duties to include greeting visitors, answering telephones, coordinating and conducting tours, handling flag requests, mail processing, maintaining office supplies, and assisting legislative staff. Successful
 MEM-143-17
Page 3 of 5

 MEM-142-17
candidate must be detail-oriented and possess excellent organizational and communication skills. Spanish speaking ability and Texas ties a plus. To apply, please email resume and cover letter to txjobopening@mail.house.gov about internship opportunities.
The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking an IT professional with technical, project management, and policy expertise to serve as a Committee Investigator. This position involves examining agency IT activities and translating highly technical subject matter into analytical documents and policy recommendations in an extremely fast-paced environment; it is not a developer or operations role. Program/project manager, senior analyst, or subject matter expert-level experience managing enterprise modernization efforts is required. Government agency, contractor, or corporate backgrounds are equally acceptable. Health informatics, particularly electronic health records, experience is strongly
preferred. Qualified veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Prior Hill experience is helpful but not necessary. Interested candidates should send their (1) cover letter, (2) resume, (3) references, and (4) writing sample of a policy or analytical nature to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with "IT Investigator" in the subject line. No walk-ins please.
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks motivated, hard-working staffer for his fast-paced San Antonio federal office. Responsibilities include handling district scheduling requests, administrative duties, intern supervision, and community and constituent work. Ideal candidates must be highly-organized, detail orientated, work well under pressure, be able to manage multiple tasks, possess excellent writing skills for handling correspondence, and have strong interpersonal skills. Spanish speaking and strong local ties a plus. Email resume, three references, and brief writing sample to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Entitle your email: San Antonio District Office Position. No calls or drop-ins please.
The House Committee on Homeland Security, is looking for a non-partisan, Deputy Chief Clerk/Calendar Clerk to assist with Committee operations. Among other duties, the person filling this role will assist the Chief Clerk in the performance of the following:
• Managing Committee hearings and markups;
• Plan and manage Committee field hearings;
• Maintain Committee legislative calendar; and
• Prepare Committee archive and historical records.
The ideal candidate for this position is detail oriented, a self-starter and works well independently as well as with others. Previous experience in a Capitol Hill office required, Committee preferred. Please send resumes and statement of interest to: Resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-141-17
 MEM-140-17
 Page 4 of 5

MEM-139-17
House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight & Investigations is seeking a professional staffer or counsel to work on public health and Food and Drug Administration issues for the Committee’s Democratic staff. Experience with congressional oversight, investigations, or issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction, a plus. Responsibilities include staffing Congressional hearings, conducting research and investigations, writing and editing, and conducting document review and
analysis. Successful candidate will be detail oriented, possessing strong communication and writing skills. Two to five years of professional experience and J.D. preferred but not required, as experience within the areas of the Committee’s public health jurisdiction may be equally relevant. Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at least two professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
Southern Republican seeks qualified candidates for a Washington based Press Secretary. Responsibilities include: writing all press releases, drafting statements, working with both national and district reporters, acting as an official spokesperson, and maintaining the Member’s official website and social media pages. The ideal candidate for this position is detail-oriented, proactive, and can thrive in a fast paced environment. Prior Hill communications experience is preferred. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email your resume to tnjobvacancy@gmail.com to apply.
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives, and Ranking Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will be a junior attorney (less than five years of experience) with a background or strong interest in environmental matters, including investigations, hearings, depositions, and briefings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject line.
 MEM-138-17
MEM-123-17
  Page 5 of 5
