+
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
    MEM-064-20
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 18, 2020
Congressman John P. Sarbanes, a senior member of the Health Subcommittee on the House Energy & Commerce Committee, is seeking a legislative assistant to manage a portfolio with a primary focus on health policy and other issues as assigned.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to advising the Member on all matters in the issue portfolio; developing and advancing policy proposals; drafting vote recommendations and talking points for related floor and committee proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; and representing the Member before constituents and stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will have previous work expertise on health policy; prior legislative experience advising a Member of Congress and advancing policy proposals; excellent written and verbal communication skills; and an eagerness to work in a fast-paced, collaborative office. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. Maryland ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and writing sample to employment@mail.house.gov.
  Page 1 of 13

MEM-063-20
Conservative Congressman seeks a Legislative Correspondent for the Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include drafting constituent letters, sorting and batching mail, and assisting the legislative staff with various projects. Applicants should possess strong conservative credentials, effective writing and research skills, attention to detail, and the ability to manage multiple tasks at once. Previous Capitol Hill experience preferred.
To apply, send resume and cover letter to goplc1776@gmail.com
Duties include:
•Interviewing or deposing witnesses •Providing legal analysis and advice •Reviewing and drafting legislation •Reviewing government documents and reports •Preparing for full and subcommittee hearings •Supporting other counsel in the office •Briefing committee members and staff
Applicants must be able to multi-task and keep up in a fast-paced office and address issues that arise quickly. Qualified applicants should hold a JD from an accredited law school, have a minimum of 1-3 years litigation or investigative experience, and be prepared to provide references and a writing sample upon request. Previous Capitol Hill or Executive Branch experience preferred but not necessarily required.
Interested applicants should send a resume to Grant.Mullins@mail.house.gov. Application deadline is February 26, 2020.
CASEWORKER/FIELD REPRESENTATIVE - The Office of Congressman Andy Kim (NJ03) seeks a Caseworker/Field Representative for the Willingboro, NJ Office.
The ideal candidate is an outgoing team-player with strong written and verbal communication skills, attention to detail, follow through, self-motivation, extraordinary problem solving skills, ability to multi-task and an even temperament.
The primary responsibility of the position will be casework with some outreach activities included. Primary responsibilities will be: acting as a liaison to federal, state and local agencies; receiving, assessing and managing casework to ensure responsiveness; researching casework matters that arise;
  MEM-059-20
   MEM-058-20
House Foreign Affairs Committee Republicans are looking for a counsel to
assist with oversight and investigations.
 Page 2 of 13

  MEM-057-20
communicating frequently with local stakeholders and constituents; providing front office operational support including welcoming visitors, sorting mail and answering phones; plus special casework initiatives as required. Additional responsibilities may include, but are not limited to: representing the Member and Office at community events and meetings; assisting with office outreach initiatives; scheduling meetings and events.
The position will primarily report to the District Director. The Office of Congressman Andy Kim is an equal opportunity employer, and as such, is committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment.
Please send a resume and cover letter to nj03resumes@mail.house.gov with “BC Caseworker” in the subject line by February 24, 2020. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins please.
CASEWORKER/FIELD REPRESENTATIVE - The Office of Congressman Andy Kim (NJ03) seeks a Caseworker/Field Representative for the Toms River, NJ Office.
The ideal candidate is an outgoing team-player with strong written and verbal communication skills, attention to detail, follow through, self-motivation, extraordinary problem solving skills, ability to multi-task and an even temperament. The primary responsibility of the position will be casework with some outreach activities included.
Primary responsibilities will be: acting as a liaison to federal, state and local agencies; receiving, assessing and managing casework to ensure responsiveness; researching casework matters that arise; communicating frequently with local stakeholders and constituents; providing front office operational support including welcoming visitors, sorting mail and answering phones; plus special casework initiatives as required.
Additional responsibilities may include, but are not limited to: representing the Member and Office at community events and meetings; assisting with office outreach initiatives; scheduling meetings and events.
The position will primarily report to the District Director. The Office of Congressman Andy Kim is an equal opportunity employer, and as such, is committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment.
Please send a resume and cover letter to nj03resumes@mail.house.gov with “OC Caseworker” in the subject line by February 24, 2020. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins please.
  Page 3 of 13

MEM-056-20
Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) seeks an experienced and
 highly organized Scheduler to be based in the Washington, DC office.
 Responsibilities include:
 • Drafting short- and long-term DC and district calendars
 • Working with internal and external stakeholders to maximize time
 efficiency
 • Coordinating all travel, including extensive international committee-based
 trips
 • Driving the Member in DC
 • Assisting with Member’s personal correspondence
 • Anticipate and proactively provide solutions to expected issues with
 schedule
  MEM-055-20
Republican member of Congress is seeking a highly motivated, pro-active, and qualified Press Assistant with strong writing and organizational skills to join an active press team.
Duties include assisting the Communications Director with day-to-day operations—including but not limited to: creating daily social media and video content, tracking press clips and traffic on social media, and drafting press releases, op-eds, newsletters, and video scripts.
The ideal candidate for this position is a self-starter who works well under pressure, has the capacity to problem solve, employs excellent written and verbal communications skills, and pays close attention to detail. Please send your resume to floridarepublicanjobs@gmail.com
Key Responsibilities
Digital: Writing and developing content for social media, including videos and graphics.
This is a senior staff position; previous Hill or other scheduling and/or fast-
 paced operations role experience highly preferred. Session nights and
weekend availability by phone sometimes required.
 Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color,
 LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other
 underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Hudson
 Valley or New York ties are a plus.
 Please send resume, cover letter, and two references to
 ny18maloneyleg@gmail.com.
     Page 4 of 13

   MEM-054-20
Writing: Drafts press releases and media advisories for distribution to local and national media. Writes video scripts, weekly newsletter, op-eds, and speeches.
Social Media: Assist Communications Director with drafting and posting social media daily.
Additional Responsibilities: Clips TV interviews, floor speeches, and committee hearings. Tracks newsletter, social media metrics, and supports communications team as necessary.
Requirements
*THIS IS NOT AN ENTRY LEVEL POSITION.
*Degree in political science, communications, or relevant field.
*1-2 years of professional experience in communications, relevant internships accepted.
*Outstanding writing and communication skills.
*Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and meet deadlines. *Candidates well-versed in AP style are strongly preferred.
To apply, please send your resume to floridarepublicanjobs@gmail.com
The Legislative Correspondent will manage a high-volume constituent mail program, including monitoring the flow of incoming and outgoing mail, keeping the constituent database complete and current, responding to all constituent correspondence in a timely manner, managing intern correspondence work, researching legislative issues, and working with the legislative and communications staff to maintain a proactive constituent outreach operation, including drafting proactive communication to constituents. Additional daily tasks will include supporting the Congresswoman and staff as needed.
The salary for this position is $50,000. Hill experience and Illinois ties are preferred, but not required. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
LEGISLATIVE CORRESPONDENT - The Office of Congresswoman
 Lauren Underwood (IL-14) seeks an enthusiastic, highly organized, creative,
 and self-motivated professional to serve as a Legislative Correspondent.
 Essential strengths of ideal candidates include excellent writing skills, a
 strong attention to detail, and the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced
 environment.
 Page 5 of 13

Please email a resume, cover letter, brief writing sample, and references with
“Legislative Correspondent” in the subject line to Illinois14.Jobs@gmail.com by February 21, 2020.
  MEM-053-20
MEM-052-20
The Outreach Coordinator will work with the Outreach Director to engage with a broad range of stakeholders throughout Illinois’ 14th Congressional District. This includes planning and staffing public events like informational workshops, roundtables, community forums, and site visits designed to highlight the priorities of residents of the District. The role requires excellent writing skills for liaising with stakeholders and drafting briefing memos and letters; proactive communication skills that strengthen teamwork; attention to detail and project management skills; and the ability to manage multiple deadline-driven projects.
The salary for this position is $50,000. Previous outreach experience and Illinois ties are strongly preferred, but not required. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please email a resume, cover letter, brief writing sample, and references with “Outreach Coordinator” in the subject line to Illinois14.DistrictJobs@gmail.com by February 21, 2020.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication
OUTREACH COORDINATOR - The Office of Congresswoman Lauren
 Underwood (IL-14) seeks an enthusiastic, highly organized, creative, and self-
 motivated professional to serve as an Outreach Coordinator in her West
 Chicago and Woodstock offices.
 The ideal candidate will be a skilled listener, strong writer and
 communicator, self-motivated and assertive, detail-oriented and organized,
 and a creative problem solver.
   Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on
 Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Office of Advice
 and Education. The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are
 responsible for providing a high volume of ethics advice, education, and
 training to Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone
 calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
 Page 6 of 13

MEM-051-20
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics; ethics counseling and training; employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; and criminal law. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the subject line.
  Midwestern Republican Office seeking a Scheduler. Applicants should have
 scheduling experience, ideally with a Congressional office, a political
 campaign, or a similarly fast-paced organization. Applicants should be
 extremely attentive to detail, organized, and proactive.
 This position will not involve legislative or press work, but will involve
 coordinating with those teams and others to ensure the Member’s time is
 balanced across various priorities. Job responsibilities will include:
 •Creating and updating the Member's schedule in DC
 •Responding to invitations for DC meetings and events
 •Communicating with the District team about invitations for District events
 •Managing the travel plans and logistics
 •Preparing meeting briefs and binders for all meetings and events in DC, by
 coordinating with event participants and the appropriate staff members
 •Maintain a weekly schedule that balances the Member's official and
 unofficial time in DC
 •Working with the Chief of Staff to review schedule requests
 •Processing vouchers for travel and expense reimbursement for the Member
 and staff
 •Oversee and assisting the Staff Assistant as needed with answering the
 phone, greeting visitors, and managing the intern program.
 •Additional duties related to managing the overall operation of the DC office
 MEM-049-20
Description: Republican Congressman from Ohio seeks a legislative correspondent for the Washington, DC office. The successful candidate will be an effective writer and researcher and be able to support the legislative team as needed.
To apply, please submit resume and 2-3 references to
 RepJobResume@gmail.com with “Scheduler” in the subject line.
  Page 7 of 13

  MEM-035-20
Candidates should have good communication skills, experience with managing constituent mail systems, and perform well in a fast pace work environment. Previous Hill experience and Ohio ties are a plus.
Interested candidates should submit writing samples and resume to
midwestern.job@mail.house.gov
Job Summary:
The Field Representative is responsible for representing and promoting the Office of Congressman Greg Steube at events in the community and serves as a liaison between the Congressman and various community stakeholders that include municipal, county, state, and federal entities, non-profits, and businesses. The ideal candidate will have a thorough understanding of the legislative process, the responsibilities of various agencies of the federal government, and ties to Central and South-West Florida.
Core Responsibilities:
•To monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local issues;
•To answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with constituents; and
•To act as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the Member and constituents.
Qualifications:
•Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university;
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Thorough knowledge of legislative process;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
•Strong telephone skills;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Skill in organizing and prioritizing work tasks and activities;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of outreach responsibilities;
•Ability to coordinate public outreach events
•Ability to work nights and weekends;
Duties:
•Staff Sebring, FL Congressional District Office Monday – Friday (9AM – 5PM) unless conducting outreach;
The Office of Congressman Greg Steube (FL-17) is looking to fill a vacancy
 for the position of Field Representative. The Field Representative will attend
 community events and travel throughout the district at regular intervals
 representing the Congressman.
 Page 8 of 13

MEM-032-20
•Attend community events and travel throughout the district at regular intervals representing Congressman Steube in the following Counties: Polk, Hardee, Desoto, Glades, Okeechobee & Highlands;
•Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents;
•Acts as liaison and interfaces with city, county, district, and federal officials, the chamber of commerce and other persons or groups to form effective relationships for the Member;
•Assists local governments, non-profits, and constituents in obtaining federal funding opportunities;
•Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes recommendations to the District Director and Chief of Staff;
•In conjunction with the District Director, meet with constituents regarding general policy matters;
•Intake of casework to distribute to assigned staff person, log incoming and outgoing correspondence, handle visitors, and telephone calls;
•Office manager – POC for IT equipment, furniture, and office supplies in Sebring;
•Other duties as assigned
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
Sydney.Gruters@mail.house.gov
  “The Office of Congresswoman Abby Finkenauer (IA-01) seeks an
 experienced, creative, and motivated Communications Director to be a
 senior member of the team.
 The ideal candidate will possess excellent written and verbal communication
 skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, experience developing
 and pitching stories, and the ability to execute a communications plan
 encompassing DC and in Iowa activities. The candidate will also have
 congressional and/or campaign experience, a good sense of humor, be able to
 foster a positive work environment, and have Iowa ties.
 This position would be based out of Washington DC or Iowa, with associated
 travel as needed. The Communications Director will be expected to, among
 other duties: act as the primary spokesperson for the Member; develop and
 maintain relationships with media outlets in Iowa and nationally; implement a
 communications plan in-district and in DC; develop and successfully pitch
 press stories; oversee digital operations; mentor the Press Secretary; develop
 talking points, speeches, and press releases; hold regular media preparation
 sessions; work collaboratively with Iowa and national team members on all
 aspects of the office; and facilitate successful events and earned media in the
 district.
 Page 9 of 13

TO APPLY: Please e-mail a detailed resume and two writing samples to
 IA01Resumes@mail.house.gov. The office is an equal opportunity employer
  and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
 orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
 status, age, marital status, or parental status.”
 MEM-031-20
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a District Representative
 for his Fairfield office.
 Job responsibilities include monitoring district and local issues; acting as a
 liaison to federal, district, and local agencies in Solano County; working with
 constituents who have an issue with a federal agency ensuring they receive a
 timely response; and ensuring that the office is appropriately staffed during
 office hours.
   MEM-025-20
Qualified candidates should be hard working and possess excellent oral and written communications skills, have knowledge of Solano County, the ability to multi-task, meet deadlines, and produce a quality work product. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to ca.03.resumes@gmail.com, please include District Representative in the subject line.
Rep. Joe Cunningham (SC-01) seeks a Legislative Director to manage an active issue portfolio that includes, but is not necessarily limited to, health care, transportation, labor, and manufacturing.
Responsibilities include overseeing the office’s legislative operation and staff, including both Committee and floor activity; providing vote and cosponsorship recommendations to the member; writing floor speeches; drafting and editing constituent correspondence; meeting with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the member; and numerous other assigned tasks.
The LD must have the ability to think strategically about the member’s overall legislative priorities, and is expected to work closely with district office staff and constituents. Experience in a frontline office and/or South Carolina ties are pluses.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to cunninghamresumes@gmail.com with “Legislative Director” in the subject line.
No phone calls, faxes, individual emails, or walk-ins, please.
  Page 10 of 13

MEM-019-20
QUALIFICATIONS:
-At least five years of substantive legislative, policy, or related experience; -A demonstrated understanding of health care, transportation, labor, and manufacturing policy, and a working knowledge of environmental and veterans/military issues.
-Strong understanding of politics and the intersection of politics and policy; -Knowledge of floor procedure, the amendment introduction process, and the appropriations process is a plus.
-Strong writing, interpersonal, and organizational skills are required; -Minority candidates are encouraged to apply;
-South Carolina (particularly in-district) ties are a major plus.
This is a senior, non-supervisory position and reports directly to the Chief of Staff. The office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Job title: DC Scheduler/Operations Coordinator Job description:
Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-7) seeks a DC Scheduler/Operations Coordinator. Applicants should have scheduling experience, ideally with a Congressional office, a political campaign, or a similarly fast-paced organization. Applicants should be extremely attentive to detail, organized, and proactive.
This position will not involve legislative or press work, but will involve coordinating with those teams to ensure the Congresswoman’s time is balanced across various priorities. Job responsibilities will include:
•Creating and updating the Congresswoman’s schedule in DC •Responding to invitations for DC meetings and events
•Communicating with the District team about invitations for District events •Managing the Congresswoman’s travel plans and logistics
•Managing the Congresswoman’s time minute-to-minute in DC
•Preparing meeting briefs and binders for all meetings and events in DC, by coordinating with event participants and the appropriate staff members •Keeping staff members and the Congresswoman updated in real time about schedule changes
•Creating a weekly schedule that balances the Congresswoman’s official and unofficial time in DC
•Maintaining files of invitations that have been declined, accepted, or that are tentative/pending
•Preparing thank-you notes for the Congresswoman to send following DC and District meetings
•Maintaining a “homework binder” for the Congresswoman
 Page 11 of 13

  MEM-512-19
•Working with the Chief of Staff to update and track the office budget •Processing vouchers for travel and expense reimbursement for the Member and staff
•Processing and all office expenditures, and reconciling office expenditures on a bi-weekly basis
•Assisting with other operational tasks such as booking rooms for meetings, responding to constituent requests (e.g. tours, photo ops, etc.), assigning parking spaces to staff, and assisting the Chief of Staff with the management of payroll and benefits
•Serving as a member of the “front office” team, including assisting the Staff Assistant as needed with answering the phone and greeting visitors •Additional duties related to managing the overall operation of the DC office
To apply, please submit a one-page resume, 2-3 references, and answers to the following three additional questions to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “DC Scheduler” in the subject line. Competitive salary commensurate with experience.
Three additional questions:
1. If Rep. Spanberger was taking a meeting in DC with a stakeholder group, what information would you want to make sure she had in advance of that meeting?
2. The person in this role will get dozens of requests every day for meetings/events for Rep. Spanberger to attend. What would be your system for tracking/responding to those invitations?
3. Do you have a salary requirement or expected salary range?
Rep. Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues, among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Page 12 of 13

 MEM-428-19
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com Position Available: Senior Staff Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills, highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject line.
  Page 13 of 13
