 MEM-148-20
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
 http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 18, 2020
  DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE – Thousand Oaks, CA
 Member of Congress seeks an energetic and self-motivated individual to serve
 as a District Representative in an active Congressional district office. Duties
 include representing the Member of Congress in the community, maintaining
 positive relationships with constituents, other local elected officials, and
 business and community leaders and organizations.
 Additionally, this individual is also responsible for handling constituent
 casework in their assigned issue areas, which includes answering casework
 correspondence, meeting with constituents, communicating with constituents,
 and serving as a liaison with federal and local agencies.
 Candidates must be able to work quickly in a high pressure environment,
 meet very tight deadlines, and have exceptional writing and organizational
 skills. Fluent in Spanish and Ventura County ties are a plus but not required.
 Must be available, as necessary, to work evenings and/or weekend hours.
 Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing
 samples to
CA26Resumes@gmail.com
  the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an
Page 1 of 4
with just “District Representative” in
  
MEM-147-20
equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
 backgrounds to apply.
 Communications Director — Active, hard-working Democratic member of
 Illinois congressional delegation seeks Communications Director for a fast-
 paced office.
 Responsibilities include planning and implementing communications strategy
 across a broad portfolio, working closely with legislative and district staff to
 effectively communicate the Member’s message, handling daily media
 inquiries, maintaining relationships with national, Chicago, and local
 reporters, writing talking points and press releases, pitching op-eds,
 overseeing paid constituent outreach (franking) budget, managing website,
 producing videos and social media content, and planning and promoting press
 events in DC and the district.
 Ideal applicants will have previous communications and/or Capitol Hill
 experience, strong writing and oral communication skills, the ability to
 multitask and prioritize under pressure, and be team players with a good sense
 of humor. Women, veterans and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
 Spanish fluency is a plus.
 MEM-145-20
Please send cover letter, resume, and a writing sample as one attachment to
 ILCongressional.Jobs@mail.house.gov
  The office of U.S. Congresswoman Katie Porter seeks a
 digital/communications professional to be based in her Orange County
 office. The ideal candidate is highly motivated and detail-oriented, with
 experience in digital media strategy, graphic design, and video editing.
 The Digital Director/Press Secretary will be responsible for drafting statements, releases, social media copy, and advisories; staffing the Congresswoman, including taking pictures at community events and shooting direct-to-camera videos; designing graphics and editing videos; compiling daily press clips; and maintaining reporter lists. Candidates with Orange County ties are preferred.
Congresswoman Katie Porter is committed to hiring and maintaining a diverse staff; candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, a writing sample, and two examples of digital media projects to KatiePorter.Press@mail.house.gov and include “Digital Director/Press Secretary” in the subject line.
Candidates will be considered on a rolling basis, with a preference for a start date in May. This is not an entry-level position.
 Page 2 of 4

MEM-142-20
Active, hard-working Member of House Leadership seeks an outstanding Communications Director for a fast-paced office.
Responsibilities include planning and implementing communications strategy across a broad portfolio, working closely with legislative and district staff to effectively communicate the Member’s message, handling daily media inquiries, maintaining relationships with national and local reporters, writing talking points and press releases, pitching op-eds, managing website, producing videos and social media content, planning and pitching press events in DC and the district, overseeing daily clips, and keeping press lists up-to-date.
Ideal applicants will have Hill press experience, strong writing and oral communication skills, the ability to multitask and prioritize under pressure, and a good sense of humor. Connecticut ties are a plus.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a writing sample as one attachment to
ctcommsjob@gmail.com
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues, among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com Position Available: Senior Staff Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
 MEM-512-19
 MEM-428-19
 Page 3 of 4

Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills, highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects.
A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required. Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject line.
 Page 4 of 4
