 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-159-19
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 25, 2019
Congresswoman Susan Wild is seeking an enthusiastic, self-motivated, creative and tech-savvy Digital Communications Assistant/Manager to work in her Washington, D.C. office. The Digital Communications Assistant/Manager would work closely with the Communications Director to produce high-quality, innovative digital content and manage social media platforms and franking program to amplify Rep. Wild’s work and proactively reach constituents utilizing all available digital mediums. This position is primarily responsible for managing the development and process of high- visibility public content for social media, email, and website. Along with drafting social media posts, graphics, video and newsletters, this candidate will manage all social media platforms, using data-driven analytics to boost engagement. 1+ years of comms/digital experience required. Ability to take initiative and work within a team under tight deadlines is a must. Fluency in Spanish is a bonus. Sense of humor strongly encouraged.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and digital samples to wildresumespa7@gmail.com with the subject line: Digital Communications Assistant/Manager
 Page 1 of 12

MEM-156-19
LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Co-Chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover economic policy issues including housing, trade, infrastructure, and the Congresswoman’s work on the House Committee on the Budget. The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of Hill experience, a good understanding of House procedures, and a deep understanding of economic policy. This is not an entry level position. Candidates with graduate training in law, public policy, or social science are preferred.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, preparing briefing materials, and advising the Congresswoman on economic policy.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
Staff Assistant
The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis is seeking a staff assistant to support the administrative needs of the Committee. The staff assistant will answer telephones, greet visitors, and assist with administrative duties related to committee hearings and other committee business. Candidates should possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail. Salary commensurate with experience. Please send resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Clerk
The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis is seeking a clerk to manage committee business in the 116th Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to, record-keeping, circulating committee notices, managing committee hearing logistics and proceedings, supervising interns, updating and maintaining the Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned. Candidates should possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail. Previous congressional experience is preferred. Salary commensurate
 MEM-155-19
 MEM-154-19
Page 2 of 12

 MEM-153-19
with experience. Please send resume and cover letter to
SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Clerk” in the subject line. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Counsel/Professional Staff Member
The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis is seeking a professional staff member or counsel to work on climate mitigation policy for the Committee’s Democratic staff. Previous experience working on climate mitigation and decarbonization policy is required. Congressional experience is a plus. Responsibilities include planning and staffing congressional hearings, conducting in-depth analysis on policy options for deep decarbonization, writing and editing, and communicating with stakeholders. Successful candidates will be detail-oriented and possess strong communication and writing skills. Advanced degree preferred but not required for all positions, as experience in climate policy may be equally relevant. Salary commensurate with skills and experience. Please send resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Counsel/Professional Staff” in the subject line. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and hardworking Staff Assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The staff assistant will be responsible for answering phones, processing mail, assisting with constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, drafting correspondence, and other administrative duties and projects as needed. The person also will handle some light press assistant duties, including compiling press clips, monitoring media, drafting e-newsletters and press releases, updating the website, and fielding some media inquiries.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, and committed to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution. The applicant must possess excellent communication and time-management skills, the ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to applydc@amash.com. Please include "staff assistant applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
 MEM-150-19
 Page 3 of 12

MEM-149-19
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects. This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $30,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE: Congressman Jim McGovern (MA-02) seeks highly motivated and organized individual for the position of District Representative in his Northampton district office. Primary responsibilities include assisting constituents with issues involving the federal government, serving as a liaison to federal, state and local agencies and organizations, and attending meetings and events with and on behalf of the Congressman. Candidates must have excellent writing and multi-tasking skills, possess patience and a good sense of humor, strong communication skills, sharp attention to detail, and good time management skills. The position requires the ability to work independently and experience in community outreach and working with culturally diverse communities is strongly preferred. Some nights, weekends and holidays required. Current or prior MA02 resident with a bachelor’s degree is also preferred. Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Please send resume and cover letter to NewEnglandResumes@mail.house.gov. Deadline to apply is COB, Friday, March 29th.
Legislative Assistant – Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated and organized lawyer with strong interpersonal, legal and writing skills. The ideal candidate will be able to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure. The Legislative Assistant works with the Chief Counsel/Legislative Director and with the Chief of Staff to develop and implement the Member’s legislative strategy in his/her issue areas; prepares materials for hearings; drafts legislation, amendments, and congressional record statements; and conducts research. The ability to write well under tight deadlines is essential.
 MEM-143-19
 MEM-142-19
Page 4 of 12

 MEM-136-19
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented, problem solving lawyer and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior Hill, law firm or similar experience is preferred but not always required. Candidate must possess a law degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov.
Democratic Member seeks a Legislative Assistant to develop and plan legislative initiatives and monitor legislative developments on the House floor on assigned issues. The ideal candidate will be suited to: Track legislation and other developments in his/her assigned issue areas; monitor legislative developments within relevant committees; plan and coordinate co- sponsorship and support of other legislation; monitor legislation on the House floor, provide the Member with information on each vote within their assigned issue areas; draft talking points; perform special projects assigned by the Member, the Chief of Staff, or the Legislative Director; meet with constituent/interest groups. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to legassistant900@gmail.com.
Democrat seeks Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant depending on qualifications to handle financial services, tax, economic issues, and other domestic policy issues. Candidate must have Congressional experience and understand the legislative process. A successful applicant will possess strong writing and verbal communication skills, work well with others, and be comfortable in a fast-paced environment. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to financeservicesla@gmail.com
Chairwoman of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks a Professional Staff Member for the Committee’s Environment Subcommittee. Duties include staffing hearings; preparing memos, statements, and speeches; outreach to stakeholder groups; and drafting legislation and conducting oversight. Applicant should have familiarity and experience with environmental policy issues. Applicant should possess strong writing, organizational, and communications skills, including the ability to articulate technical and policy issues clearly and concisely; the ability to be responsive to and work with Members of the Committee; and the ability to meet tight deadlines. The ideal candidate will have Congressional and/or relevant government or industry experience. No calls or drop-ins please. This is not an entry-level position. Please send a resume and cover letter to
 MEM-135-19
MEM-134-19
   Page 5 of 12

 MEM-133-19
SciResumes@mail.house.gov with “Environment Staff” in the subject line. This position will close on March 22, 2019.
Environmental Counsel/Professional Staff Member
The Committee on Energy and Commerce Majority is seeking a counsel or professional staff to focus on environmental issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction. Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, preparing hearings, and coordinating with stakeholders and member offices. Ideal candidates will have a law degree or advanced scientific degree, a demonstrated interest in environmental protection, and some public policy experience. Please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer. Diverse candidates, women, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply.
Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke is hiring a Communications Director to work in her Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include communications planning and press strategy for D.C. and the district; drafting press materials including: remarks, talking points, newsletters, statements, press releases, and media advisories; pitching media events; assisting with the management of the Congresswoman’s social media accounts; interview preparation; and overseeing the office’s franked mail and digital programs.
The ideal candidate is a strong writer, politically savvy, detail-oriented, flexible, creative, and a self-starter. Occasional travel to the district and non- traditional hours - including night and weekend work - should be expected. Strong ties to New York press preferred. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov and include “Communications Director” in the subject line.
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an experienced and well-organized Scheduler for the Representative’s Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Developing, coordinating, and managing all aspects of the Representative’s daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the district, as well as tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests; •Coordinating all travel for the Representative and her staff, filing travel receipts, and other logistical support tasks as required;
•Working closely with and supporting the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of Staff, District Director, and Communications Director to ensure smooth daily
 MEM-132-19
 MEM-131-19
Page 6 of 12

 MEM-129-19
schedules and operations;
•Other special projects as required.
The ideal candidate will be:
•Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
•A hard worker with excellent attention to detail;
•Adept at juggling complex schedules, competing equities;
•Able to anticipate problems, seek solutions, and effectively communicate them to the Representative and her staff;
•Able to work long hours, including nights and weekends;
•Poised, patient, no-drama, and level-headed, with a sense of humor; and •Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
This is not an entry-level position; 2-4 years of work experience are desired. Applicants with prior work experience as a Scheduler, as well as experience in fast-paced operational roles, are highly preferred.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
New England Democrat and Member of the House Committee on Energy & Commerce seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant to serve as primary advisor on healthcare issues. Additional legislative issue areas include veterans, defense, and foreign affairs. Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting legislation, memos, talking points; staffing and preparing Member for committee hearings; maintaining relationships with stakeholders; working closely with communications and district staff. This is not an entry- level position. Successful applicants must be self-starters, highly organized, demonstrate strong communications skills, possess a keen attention to detail, and be willing to work in a fast-paced and team-oriented environment. New England ties preferred. Please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or walk-ins.
Congressman Frank Pallone seeks an experienced Communications Director to serve in his Washington, D.C. personal office. This position will manage all communications and social media functions of the personal office, including developing communications plans, maintaining relationships with national and district media, responding to daily media inquiries, creating in-
 MEM-128-19
Page 7 of 12

district press events, and preparing written materials, including speeches, talking points, newsletters, and op-eds. The ability to collaborate with committee colleagues while remaining laser focused on New Jersey priorities is a must. Qualified candidates must demonstrate on-the-record experience, creativity with the full range of social media platforms, an ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously, and excellent oral and written communications skills. Ties to New Jersey are a plus. Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF document to NJ06Resume@mail.house.gov and include “Communications Director” in the subject line.
 MEM-127-19
Congressman Bill Posey (FL-08) seeks an experienced Scheduler/Executive Assistant in Washington, DC. This is not an entry-level position and previous Hill scheduling experience is required. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Maintaining the Member’s schedule in Washington, DC and closely coordinating with our District Director as he maintains the Member’s schedule in Florida
•Planning and scheduling the Member’s meetings, events, and speaking engagements in DC
•Booking all travel and accommodations for the Members and for staff, as needed
•Transporting the Member on official business- candidates must have a car and good driving record
•Administering office purchasing and reimbursements for staff and the Member
•Managing the staff on-and off-boarding process including ordering technology, arranging parking/transportation benefits, ID cards, and necessary paperwork
•Interviewing, hiring, training, and managing office interns
Candidates should be enthusiastic, personable, highly-organized, detail- oriented, and must be able to function in a fast-paced team-oriented environment. Interested applicants should send their resume and cover letter with “Scheduler” in the subject line to fl08.applications@gmail.com.
   MEM-126-19
Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) is seeking a highly motivated Legislative Assistant to join her team. Legislative portfolio will include financial services, tax, budget, education, and judiciary, among other issues. Qualified candidates should have a good knowledge of the legislative process, coalition building, and have the ability to maintain strategic relationships with constituent organizations. This position requires the ability to advance the Congresswoman’s legislative priorities in their issue portfolio and be creative in spotting new legislative opportunities. Candidates must be self-starters and must be able to meet short deadlines and juggle many priorities in a fast-paced environment. Ties to Delaware are a plus. This is not
Page 8 of 12

an entry level position and this is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line by COB March 22. No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.
    MEM-123-19
LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT: Midwestern Democratic Member is seeking an experienced legislative staffer to handle a portfolio including health care and education. Ideal candidate will have prior experience as a Legislative Assistant or otherwise managing health care and education policy. Candidate must be proficient at advancing legislation, analyzing and briefing on complex policy issues, and drafting a wide array of written materials. Strong written and verbal communication skills and a demonstrated ability to work collaboratively in a team environment are critical. This is not an entry level position and interns will not be considered. At least three years of Hill or other relevant professional experience is required. Applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to resume.la@mail.house.gov.
   MEM-119-19
Congressman Paul Cook’s office seeks a Scheduler to handle all meeting and invitation requests. Previous scheduling experience is preferred. California ties preferred. Ideal candidates should be organized, display exceptional attention to detail, and be able to handle a fast-paced and demanding work environment. In addition, candidates should possess strong people skills with the ability to communicate with a variety of personalities in a pleasant and professional manner. Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: processing all scheduling requests, invitations, and events for the Member’s calendar; responding to all invitations, either by email correspondence or by personal telephone call; and handling Member correspondence and travel. Additional responsibilities include some driving and staffing the Member and other administrative tasks as assigned. Email resume to with “Scheduler” in the subject line to cook.ca08.jobs@gmail.com
 MEM-116-19
The Office of Congressman G. K. Butterfield (D-NC) seeks an energetic, organized, and creative Communications Director to join the Washington, DC office. The Communications Director will be responsible for leading the press and media operations, and developing and implementing the media, communications, and public relations strategy for the Member. The Communications Director reports directly to the Member and the Chief of Staff, while closely collaborating with other members of the staff.
Primary Responsibilities
• Develop and execute creative strategies focused on highlighting the member’s top priorities;
• Cultivate and maintain contact with key reporters in both Washington, DC and North Carolina;
 Page 9 of 12

• Book the member on television, radio, and other platforms as well as pitch to national and regional outlets;
• Organize press events, reporter backgrounders, press releases, floor speeches, op-eds, social media and e-newsletter content, and other materials as needed;
• Supervise and work in collaboration with the digital media assistant to utilize digital assets to reach broader audiences;
• Help with other assignments and tasks as requested by the member and the member’s three offices.
Minimum Qualifications
•Experience pitching stories, cultivating reporter relations, speaking on the record, and staffing principles for interviews;
•Demonstrated understanding of media relations, the legislative process, and the procedures and organization of the House of Representatives;
•Ability to work well in fast-paced environments and prioritize a varied workload with the flexibility to adapt to the needs of the member, staff, media, and the constituents;
•Strong writing and editing skills with the ability to turn projects around on deadline.
North Carolina ties and Capitol Hill experience are preferred, but not required. Any interested applicant should be a team player. Applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and 2-3 work samples here.
URL: https://airtable.com/shrXJ6h70909EhTkL
  MEM-113-19
Congresswoman Lauren Underwood (IL-14) is seeking a District Director based in her West Chicago, Illinois office. The District Director will oversee the management and operation of two district offices, including establishing a second district office location and hiring and managing approximately 6 district office staff and interns. The District Director serves as a key liaison to local organizations and elected officials and works closely with the DC-based staff to provide unparalleled constituent services and develop and implement immediate and long-term strategic outreach plans. Qualified candidates will demonstrate management experience, a deep understanding of how to create and maintain a culture of exceptional service, strong oral and written communications skills, and strategic planning abilities. The position requires the ability to multi-task, thrive under pressure, and the flexibility to work long hours, including nights and weekends. Ties to the Illinois 14th Congressional District and Illinois are preferred but not essential.
Women and people of color are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
 Page 10 of 12

national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. To apply for the District Director position, please send cover letter and resume to Illinois14.DistrictJobs@gmail.com with “District Director” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with experience. This is NOT an entry- level position. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
  MEM-112-19
The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Deputy Chief of Staff to lead operations of the DC office in a very busy and dynamic environment. The ideal candidate will be able to develop and manage an integrated communications and legislative strategy, advising on messaging strategy, collaborate effectively with colleagues and work directly with the Member and Chief of Staff. Background in Communications and/or Financial Services welcome, but not required.
Potential candidates must be able to thrive in a fast-paced office, have strong leadership abilities, excellent written and oral communication skills, and editing/proofreading abilities. Candidates must be able to develop a keen understanding of the unique priorities and views of the district and find ways to advance the Member’s objectives.
This is a senior level position which requires dedication, close attention to detail and creative problem-solving. Non-traditional work hours, and travel to the District are to be expected. Hawaii ties are ideal but not required. Veteran applications are welcome.
No calls or drop ins. Qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume and writing samples to: hi02jobs@gmail.com
The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently seeking a Deputy Clerk to assist the Chief Clerk in the 116th Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to archiving and records keeping, notices and circulations, official filings, editing letters and reports, hearing, markup and conference logistics and proceeding, bill drops and floor logistics, redlines, updates to the website, managing intern and fellowship program, maintaining the documents room, updating and maintaining the Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned. Candidates should possess exceptional organizational skills, be comfortable with public speaking, and have excellent writing and research skills. The Deputy clerk will be required to assume all clerking duties in the absence of the Chief Clerk. Previous congressional experience is highly encouraged. Salary commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and writing sample to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. To ensure proper identification, please put “DEPUTY CLERK APPLICATION” in the subject line.
 MEM-456-18
 Page 11 of 12

Page 12 of 12
