 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
   MEM-519-19
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 21, 2019
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $38,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include
 assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining
 the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking
 and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
 support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
 databases with accuracy.
  Page 1 of 12

MEM-512-19
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues, among others. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Democratic Congressman seeks a Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant to oversee an active mail program and to strengthen the office’s communications capabilities.
LC responsibilities include sorting/batching correspondence, drafting letters and ensuring a swift turnaround time. Press responsibilities include drafting press releases, crafting social media posts, designing graphics, GIFs and other web content, monitoring the Congressman’s social media platforms, assembling and maintaining press lists and compiling daily press clips. Must have strong writing skills. Knowledge of Intertrac, IQ and Adobe Creative Suite are a plus.
Ideal applicants will have 1-2 years of policy or communications experience. This Office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Diverse candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified individuals should submit a resume, cover letter and two writing samples to employment@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski seeks a Staff Assistant for its Somerville District Office location. The Staff Assistant will act as the first point of contact for the front office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Office Management
•Greet and provide direction to visitors
 MEM-506-19
 MEM-498-19
Page 2 of 12

 MEM-495-19
•Manage office inventory
•Oversee office internship program
Constituent Communications
•Field constituent phone calls
•Log incoming and outgoing correspondence
•Prepare congressional commendations and certificates
•Draft birthday greetings, thank you notes, and letters of congratulation from the Congressman
•Request and secure Presidential greetings, birthday cards, and letters of congratulation
Operations and Logistics
•Staff the Member in meetings and at public events
•Assist with event preparations
•Schedule Capitol Hill and White House tours
•Liaise with Congressman’s DC office staff
Good candidates will have an outgoing and positive demeanor, be natural problem solvers with meticulous attention to detail, can remain calm in high stakes situations, and work well as part of a team. Spanish or Hindi language skills are preferred but not required.
A standard work week is 40-50 hours depending on the congressional calendar. Evening and weekend availability is required. Applicants should have access to a vehicle, and a valid divers license. Salary range for this position is $32,000-$38,000 annually. Healthcare and retirement benefits provided with 15 days paid vacation and 7 days paid sick leave annually. Recent graduates are encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and veterans, LGBTQ individuals, women, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, writing sample and three references to nj07resumes2018@gmail.com.
Iowa Democrat seeks an experienced Communications Director to lead an active press operation. Candidates must have experience pitching and placing stories, op-eds, and letters to the editor in traditional and digital media.
•Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
o maintaining relationships with Iowa and national reporters;
o developing and implementing weekly and long-term strategic communications plans;
o briefing and preparing the Member for interviews;
o writing press releases, talking points, and speeches;
o collaborating with the legislative team on initiative roll-outs;
o Managing an active social media and digital newsletter program; oPrevious Hill or campaign experience required; Iowa ties preferred.
Page 3 of 12

 MEM-487-19
This is NOT an entry level position. Salary is commensurate with experience. Applicants with ties to Iowa are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should send an email to
midwestdemjob2020@gmail.com with “Communications Director/Press Secretary” in the subject line, and should include a cover letter, resume, short writing sample (no more than 250 words), and long writing sample (between 500 and 750 words).
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Virginia Congressional Office is seeking a highly organized, motivated, customer service-oriented individual for the position of Constituent Services Representative in the Danville district office.
The primary responsibilities would include assisting constituents with issues involving federal agencies, attending meetings and events with and on behalf of the representative, and general office duties.
Candidates must have excellent writing, communications and time management skills; possess patience; sharp attention to details; and able to work in a fast-paced environment. Bachelor’s degree and work experience in casework, public service or social work is preferred.
Please send resume and cover letter with salary requirements to varepdistrictoffice@gmail.com.
New York Democrat seeks an Operations Manager/Executive Assistant for their district office. Responsibilities include managing the Member’s schedule, travel plans and related events in the district.
Duties also include managing the internship program and other office operations including office equipment and supplies, required reporting, and assisting with personnel tracking, as well as fielding requests of the Member with staff and the public.
This is an entry to mid-level position in a fast-paced office that frequently requires non-traditional work hours. Qualified applicants should have prior professional office experience.
The Operations Manager/Executive Assistant will report to the Chief of Staff and District Director. Ties to Brooklyn and fluency in Arabic are a plus. This position is based in the local Brooklyn, NY office.
 MEM-483-19
Page 4 of 12

 MEM-482-19
This is a permanent, full-time position. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, and resume to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please place OPERATIONS MANAGER/EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT in the subject line. NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
House Committee Democrats seek an economic policy staffer to manage a broad policy portfolio including, tax, retirement, immigration, and other economic issues.
Core responsibilities include developing legislation, planning events on key policy priorities, coordinating hearings, staffing Member, and drafting reports. Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill, federal agency, private sector, or policy think tank experience is preferred. An advanced degree is a plus.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and self-motivated legislative counsel to join our Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative counsel will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative counsel applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
Constituent Services Representative - Congresswoman Lauren Underwood seeks a full-time Constituent Services Representative to serve as a federal
 MEM-480-19
 MEM-479-19
Page 5 of 12

problem solver in 14th Congressional District of Illinois. In this role, you will serve as a representative of the Office of the Congresswoman by acting as a liaison between the community and federal agencies to help constituents resolve matters (“casework”) they have before federal agencies.
In managing constituent casework, you will help residents of the IL-14 resolve primarily immigration-related issues (e.g. visa and passport processing) with federal agencies including the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services and the Department of State.
The role could also include casework related to Social Security benefits, Medicare benefits, Veterans benefits, postal issues, and others. This role requires investigation, intervention, facilitation, follow-up, and creative problem-solving.
This role requires conducting significant outreach throughout the IL-14 by hosting meetings in our office and throughout the District and representing the Office at community meetings. The role also requires community event planning and staffing the Congresswoman.
In serving as a Constituent Services Representative, you will work with local stakeholders, including community organizations and local and state governments, to identify and understand opportunities for Federal resources and legislation to advance the interest of people in the IL-14 Congressional District.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate must be a skilled listener and communicator, self-motivated and assertive, detail-oriented and organized, and a creative problem solver. Experience in social work, legal services, project management, customer service/hospitality, or claims processing are transferable to this role.
The position is based out of the Congresswoman’s Woodstock office or will include rotations between the Congresswoman’s Woodstock and West Chicago offices.
Women and people of color are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
To apply for the position, please send a cover letter and resume to
Illinois14.DistrictJobs@gmail.com with “Constituent Services Representative” in the subject line. This is NOT an entry-level position. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
 Page 6 of 12

MEM-477-19
The Office of Rep. Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking candidates for the Legislative Correspondent position in our office. The LC is responsible for managing an active mail program and hiring and supervising the interns who manage the front office.
The successful candidate will be extremely organized, an excellent writer and editor, a self-starter, dependable and someone who is able to work collaboratively as part of a close-knit team.
The primary responsibilities are managing the constituent mail program by sorting and batching incoming correspondence, drafting and editing letters, managing the letter approval process, maintaining and utilizing the mail databases, and ensuring the office maintains a short mail turnaround time. The LC is also responsible for hiring and supervising the interns, who manage the front office, handle tours and flags, answer the phones and greet visitors.
The ideal candidate will have ties to the Inland Empire, Spanish language skills, and previous Congressional experience. The salary range for the position is $40,000 to $45,000 a year plus student loan repayment and transit benefits. Our office also offers compensation time in addition to paid vacation and sick leave.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please submit your application using this
form https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScPqypjFt_4g- sZww_nVvVYL_cMxGDhRr0jke0FjejNqwGrGQ/viewform
and email a copy of your resume and cover letter using the directions included in the form. If you have any questions please call our office at (202) 225- 3201.
Energy Professional Staff or Counsel – The Committee on Energy and Commerce Majority is seeking a professional staff member or counsel to focus on energy issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction.
Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, preparing hearings, and coordinating with stakeholders and member offices. Ideal candidates will have a demonstrated interest in and understanding of energy policy issues, and some public policy experience. Knowledge of energy efficiency policy is particularly helpful, but not necessary.
   MEM-474-19
Page 7 of 12

 MEM-469-19
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to
ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer. Diverse candidates, women, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply.
Congresswoman Jahana Hayes seeks a Legislative Correspondent to oversee her constituent mail program. Ideal candidates will have excellent written and verbal communication skills; strong organizational and time management skills; positive attitude and disposition suited to the work environment; solid knowledge of the legislative process; and an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in an fast-paced work environment.
Applicants should have experience with Intranet Quorum (IQ). Duties include:
oAnswer constituent letters, including any research necessary to formulate an adequate response to the letters
oDevelop and maintain a collection of prepared text for use in responding to constituent mail
oDraft form letters to respond to a large number of letters on the same issue oConsult with the Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants to keep the form letters up to date
oSupervise the printing and proofreading of form letters
oDraft responses to constituent mail that cannot be answered with a form letter
oWrite and disseminate office newsletter (at least once per week) oPrepare weekly reports to the Congresswoman and staff that provide an update on the mail program and identify emerging trends
Connecticut ties are a plus, but not required. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume and two writing samples in a single PDF to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: First name Last Name - Legislative Correspondent. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
Representative Abigail Spanberger seeks a driven, hardworking, and engaged individual to serve as a District Coordinator in her Glen Allen, Virginia district office. The District Coordinator is responsible for handling constituent casework by answering constituent correspondence, meeting with constituents, and liaising with federal agencies.
Additional duties include representing Congresswoman Spanberger in the community, maintaining positive relationships with constituents, and effectively communicating with local community leaders and organizations.
 MEM-467-19
Page 8 of 12

 MEM-466-19
Qualified applicants must be able to work courteously and cooperatively with others, understand the needs of VA-07, work efficiently in a high-pressure environment while juggling multiple tasks, and have strong writing and organizational skills.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to: Karen Mask, District Director, Karen.Mask@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the subject line.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
Congressman Greg Pence is seeking an experienced Press Secretary to implement a strategic media plan in a fast-paced and collaborative environment.
Candidates should have excellent written and oral communication skills, and expertise with various media tools, including: social media, video creation, website, e-newsletters and surveys, talking point/speechwriting, press releases, on-the-record experience and interview prep, and op-ed preparation.
This is not an entry level position. Qualified applicants should send their resume, cover letter, and references to gopresumesubmission@gmail.com.
WASHINGTON PRESS SECRETARY – Northeast Democrat seeks Press Secretary to work under District-based Communications Director and D.C. Chief of Staff to run Capitol Hill press operations, including working closely with Member’s legislative staff, DPCC and other leadership staff, committee press staff, and national TV news reporters and producers.
Position includes co-management of the Member’s website, social media pages, newsletters, bi-weekly e-news updates, and other constituent outreach. Excellent research and writing skills required. Salary: $42,000.
Send cover letter and resume to democratic.hilljob@gmail.com. Minority, LGBTQ, and women candidates are encouraged to apply. No phone calls will be accepted.
The Office of the Law Revision Counsel—a small, nonpartisan office within the U.S. House of Representatives—seeks an attorney to assist in the editing and publishing of the United States Code, the codification of general and permanent Federal statutory law.
 MEM-464-19
 MEM-462-19
Page 9 of 12

The editorial work needed to maintain the U.S. Code involves a number of tasks, including:
•reading new laws to determine which provisions should appear in the Code and where,
•updating the Code to reflect new law and amendments to existing law, •writing concise editorial notes to explain amendments, effective dates, references within the text to other laws, and a variety of other legislative concepts,
•preparing statutory citations and tables, and •identifying errors in grammar and spelling—
•all while conforming to very strict style guidelines.
In addition to the basic tasks required to integrate new laws into the Code, other duties may be required, such as reviewing drafts of bills to enact titles as positive law, doing extensive research and editorial work to improve the organization of existing provisions in the Code, and assisting in the continuing modernization of the Office, including support of online and machine readable versions of the Code.
Qualifications
•J.D. degree and attorney license in any U.S. jurisdiction or intention to obtain license within one year.
•At least one year of professional experience in editing or publishing, preferably in the legal field.
•Meticulous attention to detail and dedication to accuracy.
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
•Absolute proficiency in grammar, spelling, and usage.
•Ability to analyze and summarize complex legal issues.
•Ability to identify issues affecting Federal statutes and explain them clearly and concisely within firmly established parameters.
Other conditions to note:
Familiarity with Federal or State statutory law is highly desirable.
This position is better suited to someone able to engage in extended periods of solitary work, often involving tedious and repetitive tasks.
The ability to adhere to, and function comfortably within, established styles and practices is essential.
Please be aware that this is a long-term career position with the Office, not a stepping stone to another position within Congress or the Federal Government.
Applicant Instructions
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter with salary
   Page 10 of 12

 MEM-458-19
requirements to:
uscodeapplicant@mail.house.gov
Applicants will be evaluated based on the ability to meet the qualifications stated above. Significant weight will be given to the applicant's cover letter. If chosen for an interview, an applicant will be requested to submit a writing sample.
Member of Congress seeks an energetic and self-motivated individual to serve as a District Representative in an active Congressional district office. Duties include representing the Member of Congress in the community, maintaining positive relationships with constituents, other local elected officials, and business and community leaders and organizations.
Additionally, this individual is responsible for handling constituent casework in their assigned issue areas, which includes answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, communicating with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal and local agencies.
Candidates must be able to work quickly in a high pressure environment, meet very tight deadlines, and have exceptional writing and organizational skills. Fluency in Spanish and Southern California ties are a plus but not required. Must be available, as necessary, to work evenings and/or weekend hours.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to: Nina Moussavi, District Director, Nina.Moussavi@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status.
Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com Position Available: Senior Staff Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills, highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
 MEM-428-19
 Page 11 of 12

Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject line.
 Page 12 of 12
