 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-208-17
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 17, 2017
Congressman Darren Soto seeks a Field Representative/Military Liaison
Orlando, FL
Responsibilities: Work on constituent cases, predominantly for veterans; attend events as the Congressman’s representative; monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local issues; act as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the Member and constituents and perform other related duties as assigned.
Requirements: Strong oral and writing skills, excellent organizational, collaboration and communication skills; strong interpersonal skills; understanding of general military structure; ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the representation of the Congressman’s position on policy issues; ability to multi task and work under pressure to meet deadlines; flexibility with priorities and ever-changing deadlines; detail orientation;
  Page 1 of 6

  MEM-205-17
ability to meet attendance requirements including a varied and work schedule; ethics in all organizational activities.
Spanish fluency is preferred. Military experience preferred. Women, people of color, and LGBT persons are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit via email the following documents: cover letter and resume. Please include each document as a separate attachment in the same email to: FL09resumes@mail.house.gov.
Deadline: COB July 24, 2017
The Office of Congressman Brian Mast is seeking a Press Assistant/Legislative Correspondent who excels at filming and editing videos. In addition to being a strong writer, the ideal candidate will also have experience with graphic design, social media and basic HTML. Press responsibilities will include filming/editing videos, posting to social media, photographing events, writing/producing newsletters, maintaining the website, speech writing, and other responsibilities as assigned. Legislative responsibilities will include drafting constituent mail and researching policy issues. To apply, please send resume and work samples to brianmastpress@gmail.com.
Rep. Al Green seeks a Scheduler/Office Manager for his Washington, DC Office. Responsibilities include developing and managing the Member’s daily schedule and travel arrangements; organizing the Member’s daily briefing materials; occasionally driving the Member to events, evaluating all incoming invitations and meeting requests; communicating with constituents by phone and email quickly to address requests, concerns, and questions; maintaining office records and office supplies; serving as the emergency office coordinator; and performing other duties as required.
Applicants must have superior organizational skills, strong written and communication skills, poise and ability to thrive in a fast paced environment. The Scheduler/Office Manager will work closely with the Member and Chief of Staff as well as other DC and District staff to coordinate the Member’s short-term and long-term schedule. Previous scheduling and/ or Capitol Hill experience is highly desirable; Texas ties are a plus.
The position involves long hours and availability by phone on weekends and evenings. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins.
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of
 MEM-203-17
 MEM-200-17
Page 2 of 6

 MEM-199-17
committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects. This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $30,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE.
Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated and organized individual with strong writing and interpersonal skills who can manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure. The legislative associate is responsible for responding to constituent mail, including any research necessary to write an adequate response to the mail; monitoring House floor procedures; assisting the legislative director with drafting legislation; meeting with constituents and interested individuals/organizations; preparing congressional record entries; assisting the communications director with updating the website and Facebook and Twitter pages; and other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be a results-oriented problem solver and a motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Candidate must have a bachelor's degree, excellent writing and communication skills. Candidate must be a resident of, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two writing samples to (202) 225-1129(fax) or DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov.
Republican office seeks a motivated individual for the role of Staff Assistant. Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering phones, scheduling and leading tours, and responding to constituent requests for general information and other inquiries. This position requires oversight in maintaining the front office and assisting with various administrative duties. The Staff Assistant must maintain a good relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents. He or she must be willing accept performance based criticism and direction while working well under pressure. As with any job on Capitol Hill, the applicant must be open to having a flexible schedule. Salary is commensurate with
 MEM-192-17
Page 3 of 6

 MEM-191-17
experience. Previous Hill experience and ties to Virginia preferred but not required. Please send cover letter, résumé, and any recommendations to GOPapplicant@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include managing the Congressman’s D.C. schedule, tracking and responding to invitations, and maintaining accurate lists of annual meetings and long-term planning. The Scheduler/EA is also responsible for management of the intern program and junior staff, vouchering, reimbursements and budget tracking. The position will also involve management of office equipment and purchasing. Please send cover letter and resume to dcscheduler1@gmail.com. Salary commensurate with experience.
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a systems manager for his Washington office. Texas contacts a plus. Excellent technical, written, and oral communication skills required. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use title on your email: Systems Manager Application. No drop-ins please
House Republican seeks qualified Legislative Assistant to oversee various issues including health care, education, oversight, and social issues, etc. The Legislative Assistant, together with legislative staff advises the Congressman on all legislative areas. This position assists in the development of policy, communications and legislative initiatives. Excellent writing and communication skills required.
Desirable Skills
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization
and procedures;
• Ability to perform essential job functions above;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Provides necessary organization, leadership and motivation to excel in
given tasks;
• Excellent oral and written communications skills;
Required Certifications
2 years Hill experience required with strong knowledge of health care issues.
Please send resumes to: employment1776@gmail.com.
South Florida Progressive Democrat seeks a District Director to oversee all outreach and constituent services within the district. This individual will: act as the Member's primary liaison to all government, community and constituent groups and civic leaders; monitor developments, opinions and concerns in the
 MEM-188-17
MEM-176-17
    MEM-175-17
Page 4 of 6

 MEM-145-17
district and update the Member accordingly; attend civic meetings, community gatherings, and other events, representing the Member when needed; direct the work of district outreach, case managers and other district staff in support of the office’s outreach plan; as well as other administrative and management duties assigned.
The ideal candidate will have excellent oral and written communications skills, demonstrate initiative, including a proven capability to generate new ideas, and the ability to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment.
Qualified applicants will have several years of experience in government and/or community outreach, media relations, solid ties to the district and South Florida, and a strong knowledge of local issues, geography and demographics. Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume, references, to repdwsresumes@gmail.com with the subject line “District Director.” No phone calls or drop-bys, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and self-motivated legislative assistant focused on economics to join our Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. He or she will be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues, including budget and appropriations, commerce, defense, housing, social welfare, and taxation.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. He or she must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. A degree in economics or at least two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
Page 5 of 6

To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
This job opportunity was first posted late last year, but no interviews were conducted. Previous applicants still interested in this opportunity should resubmit their materials, as previous submissions will not be considered.
 Page 6 of 6
