  House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
  MEM-332-14
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 20, 2014
Northeastern progressive Democrat, Senior Member of Democratic Leadership, and Member of the Appropriations Committee seeks an experienced speechwriter to join busy, high-functioning office. The individual will work closely with the legislative staff and communications director and take the lead on crafting speeches and op-ed columns. Candidates must possess excellent and proven writing and organizational skills and the ability to grasp complex policy concepts, think strategically, and multitask effectively under tight deadlines. Applicants must also have command of the legislative process, sound political judgment, and a sense of humor. Salary commensurate with experience. Please send cover letter, resume, and 2-3 writing samples to: ct03speeches@gmail.com.
Republican Congressman seeks Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent to manage all aspects of constituent correspondence and general day-to-day office operations. Duties will include sorting and tracking incoming mail, emails, and phone calls, and responding to mail using constituent management software to ensure timely responses. In addition, the position is responsible for front office reception duties, answering phone calls, greeting visitors, and
 MEM-325-14
Page 1 of 2

  MEM-321-14
MEM-318-14
other constituent services, such as flag and tour requests. Successful candidates must demonstrate strong writing ability, exceptional organization skills, attention to detail and be able to work quickly in a fast paced
environment. Previous Capitol Hill experience is required. Proficiency in Fireside and California ties are a plus. Please send resume, cover letter, and two one-page writing samples to cagopjobs@gmail.com.
Texas Republican seeking to fill Legislative Correspondent
position. Candidate must be an extremely strong writer, display a high degree of attention to detail, be familiar with digital media trends and be willing to assist on special projects. Primary responsibilities will include processing the incoming mail and assisting our communication team with proof reading, writing and updates to the website and newsletter. Hill experience and knowledge of Fireside is preferred, but not required. If interested, please submit a cover letter and resume to txgopjobs2@gmail.com
Legislative Assistant: Texas Democrat seeks a hard-working and experienced legislative staffer to handle various legislative areas. A bachelor’s degree with at least 4 years oflegislativeexperience on the Hill is required.Potential candidates should have excellent writing and verbal skills coupled with some knowledge of social media. The ideal candidate will have experience working under pressure, working as part of a team, a sense of humor and the ability to work flexible hours. Experience with iConstituent is a plus, but not required. Please send cover letter, resume and a writing sample to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
Analyst for Democratic Staff of Congressional Committee - Congressional committee seeks experienced analyst for health policy portfolio. The job requires strong skills in written and oral communication, policy analysis, and quantitative analysis, as well as the ability to work effectively under tight deadline. The ideal candidate will have several years of experience in federal budgeting, familiarity with the legislative process, background in federal health care policy, and a master’s degree in public policy or related
field. Email resume, two brief writing samples, and cover letter with subject line “analyst position” to Health.Analyst@mail.house.gov – no phone calls or walk-ins.
  MEM-313-14
 Page 2 of 2
