  House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
  MEM-035-17
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 6, 2017
NC Congresswoman seeks a Constituent Services Representative for her Charlotte, NC district office. Successful candidates will have familiarity with federal agencies, excellent written and oral communication skills, the ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment, and will be team-oriented. Additionally, a strong knowledge or connection to Mecklenburg County is a plus. Core responsibilities include answering casework correspondence and verbal communications with constituents, managing and navigating constituents’ casework through federal agencies, attending and participating in community meetings and events, including some evenings and weekends, planning and implementing strategic outreach events with key constituent groups and stakeholders, and assessing casework and community activities for matters warranting legislative action.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter and resume to Sandra.Brown@mail.house.gov.
NC Democrat seeks a Staff/Press Assistant to join an active communications operation. Successful candidates will have superb written and verbal
 MEM-034-17
Page 1 of 5

 MEM-029-17
communication skills, be comfortable multi-tasking, have excellent attention to detail, and work well under pressure. Primary responsibilities include (but not limited to) organizing and managing the front office, answering and screening calls, greeting constituents and visitors, and logging daily mail and packages. Other duties include managing district office interns, keeping track of office supplies, keeping member and staff updated on district matters, drafting op-eds and letter’s to the editor, and other press duties as assigned. Experience with social media, managing an e-newsletter, and creative graphic design preferred. The Staff/Press Assistant will staff the member during district press events and other district events when needed. Candidates must be available nights and weekends as needed. This position is located in the Charlotte, NC district office.
Interested parties should send a resume and cover letter to Sandra.Brown@mail.house.gov.
House Democratic Caucus Vice Chair Linda T. Sánchez (CA-38) is seeking a Press Assistant/Speechwriter to join an aggressive communications team in Washington DC. Responsibilities include drafting talking points, press releases and advisories; managing social media accounts; coordinating press events, and other tasks as assigned. Candidates for this position must have Spanish fluency and possess strong bilingual writing and speaking skills. Prior press experience; Hill or campaign experience and familiarity with social media and digital-based content is strongly preferred. Interested candidates must submit resume, cover letter, up to 3 writing samples in English and Spanish, and 2 examples of social media or digital media work products to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com.
House Democratic Caucus Vice Chair Linda T. Sánchez (CA-38) seeks a motivated, energetic, and detail-oriented Staff Assistant/Driver for the Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include front office duties, conducting Capitol tours, greeting office visitors, and driving the Member within Washington DC. Qualified applicants must be personable, dependable, and able to juggle multiple tasks with competing priorities. California ties and Spanish language proficiency preferred. To apply, please submit resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com.
Seeking Legislative Assistant for fast-paced Member’s office. Portfolio includes foreign affairs, veterans’ affairs, defense, homeland security, international trade and Helsinki Commission. Responsible for floor statements including and beyond portfolio. Candidates must have foreign affairs/legislative experience. Strong written, verbal and analytical skills required. Additionally, candidates should have extraordinary organizational and time management skills, and be a consummate team player. A positive attitude, a sense of humor and excellent people skills are non-negotiable. Minorities and women are encouraged to apply. Candidates should submit a
 MEM-028-17
MEM-026-17
 Page 2 of 5

 MEM-022-17
resume with a cover letter and a writing sample to TN09jobs@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or phone calls.
Texas Democrat seeks Press Secretary/DC Scheduler who is detail-oriented with advanced writing skills to manage and coordinate all communications activities, including media contacts. Responsibilities to include writing press releases and op-eds, responding to press inquiries, newsletter production, and maintaining Member website and social media accounts. Ability to quickly grasp issues and take proactive approach to media relations required. This position also includes managing the Member’s DC schedule. Texas ties and Spanish proficiency a plus. Previous Hill press experience preferred. To apply, please email resume with cover letter to txjobopening@mail.house.gov.
Senior Florida Democrat seeks an energetic, highly-organized, detail-oriented and politically-minded Director of Scheduling and Special Assistant. Responsibilities include preparing and managing the Member’s weekly schedule, ensuring the Member remains on schedule throughout the day and attending to the Member’s daily administrative needs. Providing strategic guidance for short and long term scheduling and planning of the Member’s activities, working with the Member and senior staff on special projects and assignments. This position will work closely with the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of Staff and District Director to ensure efficient and seamless office planning and operations.
Qualified applicants should have high energy, a very positive attitude, strong organizational skills, orientation to detail, possess strong verbal and written communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, savvy political instincts, poise and ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and the ability to multi- task. Mastery of Word, Excel, and Outlook are essential. Previous Congressional Scheduling, Executive Assistant and operational experience is required. This is NOT an entry level position. Salary is commensurate with experience. Interested qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, a list of three work references, to FL23resume@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please. This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.
California Democrat (Rep. Jerry McNerney, CA-09) seeks experienced communications director to develop and execute aggressive, proactive long- term media and outreach strategy.
Responsibilities include serving as chief spokesperson, successfully pitching stories and press events to both national and local media outlets, responding to media inquiries, effectively messaging policy and other priorities,
 MEM-019-17
 MEM-013-17
Page 3 of 5

 MEM-010-17
maintaining an active web presence and social media profile, and writing press releases, op-eds, speeches, talking points, and franked mail.
Excellent written and oral communication skills, strong editing and proofreading abilities, and working collaboratively with an active legislative team and District staff in a demanding, fast-paced, deadline-driven environment are required.
Successful candidate must have the desire and ability to develop relationships with California and national reporters. Requires outreach to print, TV, and radio outlets.
The Communications Director is also responsible for maintaining relationships with different vendors for the purpose of constituent outreach and communications services.
Candidate must be comfortable working closely with the Member and staff, and possibly overseeing staff or interns.
Ideal candidate would be politically astute and have a good sense of humor and positive attitude. Desired qualities include the ability to respond to challenging situations quickly and strategically.
This position is based in the Congressman’s Washington, D.C. office and requires non-traditional hours and occasional travel to the District.
California ties, Hill experience, and Spanish literacy are a plus. Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing samples to: McNerneyResumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop ins, please.
Senior Florida Democrat is seeking a highly motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individual with excellent organizational, oral and written communications skills for a staff assistant position in the Washington, DC office.
Daily tasks include answering calls, conducting and organizing tours, processing constituent requests, greeting visitors, assisting with the coordination of the intern program, and aiding the office in various administrative duties including transporting the Member to meetings and events as needed. Additionally, the individual will be working with Director of Scheduling and Chief of Staff on special assignments and projects.
Excellent writing, verbal and strong organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. . Individuals must have impeccable driving skills, a good driving record and a vehicle. Candidates should be team-oriented, have a sense of humor, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment. South Florida ties are a MUST.
Page 4 of 5

 MEM-352-16
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, a list of three work references, to FL23resumes@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please. This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or expression, or sexual orientation.
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives. Rep. Elijah E. Cummings, the Ranking Member, is seeking an Investigative Counsel to join the Democratic staff to participate in all matters under the Committee’s jurisdiction, including investigations, hearings, depositions, tran¬scribed interviews, and briefings. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with 2-5 years of investigative or litigation experience. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Investigative Counsel” in the subject line.
 Page 5 of 5
