 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-214-19
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 13, 2019
Congresswoman Jahana Hayes seeks a Staff Assistant for her Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include driving the Congresswoman to the airport and events, welcoming office visitors, answering telephone calls, coordinating flag and tour requests, sorting and processing constituent correspondence, and other administrative duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, able to multi-task and have a positive attitude. Connecticut ties are a plus but not required. Minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume and two writing samples in a single PDF to CT05employment@gmail.com with the following subject line: First name Last Name – Staff Assistant. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
Active Ways and Means Democrat seeks an experienced Communications Director to lead national and local media and outreach efforts. This position will be based in the Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include writing a broad array of speeches, drafting press releases and op-eds, and maintaining relationships with local and national press. The Communications Director is
 MEM-213-19
Page 1 of 13

 MEM-212-19
also responsible for producing a weekly newsletter and managing all digital accounts.
This is not an entry level position and qualified candidates must have at least two years of relevant experience. Applicants must demonstrate an ability to work well with a team in a small, fast-paced environment while maintaining a sense of humor. To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and three writing samples to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com. No calls or drop-ins, please.
Rep. Elijah Cummings, the Chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Reform in the U.S. House of Representatives, is seeking an Investigative Counsel on the Democratic staff.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of litigation experience, a demonstrated commitment to civil rights and social justice, and a background in anti- discrimination employment, whistleblower protection, and retaliation laws.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, whistleblower interviews, briefings, and congressional hearings. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Investigative Counsel” in the subject line. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
Southern California Democrat seeks District Director to oversee all operations of the district offices, including the development and implementation of policy objectives, strategies and operating plans, as well as direct all activities and staff of the district offices. This position is responsible for recruiting, hiring, training, and managing district staff and ensures that district staff complies with office policies, practices, and procedures; represents the Member and/or assigns appropriate staff to do so at events or functions through the district as needed.
Responsibilities include strategizing, developing, and implementing district communications and outreach plan for constituents, including casework management. This individual also serves as the primary liaison between the Congresswoman and constituents and special interest groups in the district;
 MEM-211-19
Page 2 of 13

 MEM-210-19
and, acts as an advisor for the Congresswoman on local concerns, district issues and politics, and other developments throughout the region.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of management experience, a strong ability to provide necessary organization, leadership and motivation to manage a Congressional office; excellent oral and written communication skills; and thorough knowledge of the legislative process. The ideal candidate is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours (including evenings and weekends) in a fast-paced and demanding setting. Spanish fluency and Southern California ties are a plus.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing samples to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with just “District Director” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
New York Democrat seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long term calendar in D.C., working with other team members to balance the Member’s time between commitments, ensure the Member is provided with briefing materials for each event/meeting, and performing other duties as necessary. Responsibilities also include reviewing meeting requests, arranging travel to/from Washington, DC, general administrative tasks and assisting on some legislative issues. Capitol Hill and/or executive assistant experience for an elected official preferred. New York ties are a plus.
The ideal candidate would be a proactive self-starter, detail-oriented, able to juggle multiple tasks at once, have excellent oral, written and interpersonal skills, be a problem solver, and most importantly have a sense of humor. Position can involve work at night and on weekends.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume to ny03.resumes@gmail.com and list “Scheduler” in the subject.
The Office of Congressman G. K. Butterfield (D-NC) seeks a Legislative Director to join the Washington, DC office. The Legislative Director is responsible for managing the legislative team, advancing the Member’s legislative agenda and monitoring legislative developments.
Additional responsibilities include staffing the Member to issue-related events, representing the Member on their behalf, and other committee-related duties. This position also assists with miscellaneous administrative and
 MEM-209-19
Page 3 of 13

 MEM-208-19
legislative tasks at the request of the Chief of Staff or the Congressman.
Any interested candidate must be an excellent writer, a strong leader, detail- oriented, politically savvy, have a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, ability to manage multiple and competing tasks, and have excellent organizational and proofreading skills.
North Carolina ties, Capitol Hill experience, and experience using Intranet Quorum (IQ) are preferred, but not required.
Any interested applicant should be a team player.
Applicants should submit their resume, cover letter and two work product
samples here. (https://airtable.com/shrQ5JXSksDZcCk5Z)
Multi-term Republican Member of Congress seeks an experienced Legislative Director to manage a legislative team in developing, implementing, and advancing all aspects of a congressional legislative agenda.
New staffers and entry-level job seekers should not apply – this is a senior- level position with a minimum of 3-5 years of Hill experience required for consideration. The Member is searching for a professional go-getter with demonstrable experience in developing and managing a legislative agenda and achieving results in the Congress. Previous leadership/management experience, knowledge of the House legislative rules and procedures, skillset to succinctly summarize complex issues and make vote recommendations, excellent organization and communication skills, the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines, and flexibility with priorities required.
Only seasoned, experienced candidates will be considered, and southeastern US connections are considered a bonus.
For consideration, send a cover letter and resume to
goplegdirectoropportunity@gmail.com
Congressman Chuck Fleischmann is seeking a District Director based in his Chattanooga, TN office. The District Director will oversee the management and operation of the district office, serve as a key liaison to local organizations and elected officials, develop and implement long-term strategic outreach plans, and manage and participate in the office’s constituent services efforts.
 MEM-207-19
Page 4 of 13

 MEM-206-19
Qualified candidates will demonstrate management experience, a deep understanding of how to create and maintain a culture of exceptional service, strong oral and written communications skills, and strategic planning abilities. The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under pressure, and the flexibility to work long hours, including nights and weekends. Ties to the 3rd Congressional District and Tennessee are preferred but not essential.
To apply for the District Director position, please send cover letter and resume to tngopapplications@gmail.com with “District Director” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with experience. This is NOT an entry- level position. No phone calls or drop-ins.
Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) is seeking a highly motivated, creative, and experienced Communications Director to lead her media and outreach efforts, based in her Washington, D.C. office. The ideal candidate will be able to work collaboratively, possess excellent written and oral communication skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment under tight deadlines, and has an excellent understanding of print, digital, and other media landscapes.
This position is responsible for regularly drafting speeches, media advisories, press releases, and talking points, among other written materials. Ideal candidates will be able to think strategically and offer creative communication ideas to advance the Congresswoman’s agenda. The position will oversee a press assistant in the Wilmington office. This is not an entry level position and a minimum of two years of relevant experience is required.
This is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Communications Director” in the subject line by COB May 20th. No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.
Legislative Assistant
Healthcare and Women’s Issues
The office of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz is seeking a Legislative Assistant to oversee Healthcare and Women’s issues as well as other all other relevant legislative and policy work.
This position reports to the Legislative Director and responsibilities include advising the Member on all matters in the issue portfolio; developing and advancing legislative proposals; analyzing legislation and drafting vote recommendations; drafting talking points for floor and committee proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; representing the Member before constituents and stakeholders. This position also works
 MEM-205-19
Page 5 of 13

 MEM-204-19
closely with the Appropriations Director on handling all Labor HHS Appropriations related work.
The ideal candidate will have a law or advanced degree; significant experience health care policy and women’s issues; experience advising a Member of Congress; experience advancing policy proposals; excellent written and verbal communication skills; and enjoy working in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Prior work in another Congressional or Senate office with Florida ties is a major plus.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Health/Women.” Please save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Application materials must be received by 12:00pm EST May 15, 2019.
Southern California Democrat seeks experienced Communications Director for Washington, DC office to plan and execute a proactive and aggressive earned media and digital media outreach strategy.
Responsibilities include maintaining relationships with reporters, organizing and replying to inquiries, and proactively pitching stories; drafting and editing press releases, social media, op-eds, talking points, newsletters, mailers, and speeches; overseeing digital outreach, including social media, videos, e- newsletters, and the website; and managing and collaborating with the current digital press secretary.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of political communications experience, a strong history of drafting all forms of communications materials, and a track record of successfully pitching both national and local media outlets. The ideal candidate is creative, energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fast-paced and demanding setting. Spanish fluency and Southern California ties are a plus.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing samples to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with just “Communications Director” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
 Page 6 of 13

MEM-203-19
MEM-200-19
Democratic House member from seeks pro-active, experienced Communications Director to develop and implement strategic media plan in a fast-paced and results -driven environment. Must have proven track-record, and ability to manage website and social media tools. Outstanding writing skills and strong pitching skills are required. This is not an entry level position. Qualified candidates should submit resume and cover letter to commstaffer@gmail.com
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an experienced, creative and highly motivated Communications Director to lead media and outreach efforts in her Washington, D.C. and Seattle, WA offices.
An ideal candidate will:
•Work collaboratively with the Congresswoman and her senior leadership team;
•Possess strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced setting under tight deadlines;
•Understand the digital media landscape and current digital trends, with experience overseeing a digital/social media program;
•Think strategically and creatively;
•Have a strong record of advocating for progressive values;
•Be willing to work weekends and irregular hours.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Serve as the primary spokesperson for the Congresswoman;
•Develop strong relationships with local and national reporters, editors, producers, bookers, and social media influencers;
•Proactively engage in media outreach, including pitching and fielding press inquiries;
•Manage the development of press releases, speeches and op-eds;
•Oversee a robust and aggressive online communications program; •Supervise a Press Secretary and Digital Specialist;
•Prepare and staff the Congresswoman for district press events and media interviews; and
•Work collaboratively with the District Office to ensure a strong local/state media presence.
This is a very senior level position, and a minimum of two years of communications experience as a press secretary or communications director is required. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
   Page 7 of 13

 MEM-199-19
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, three writing samples (including one speech) and three references.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the subject line by COB Friday, May 10th. No calls or drop-ins please.
New York Democrat seeks an Operations Manager/Executive Assistant for their district office. Responsibilities include managing the Member’s schedule, travel plans and related events in the district. Duties also include managing the internship program and other office operations including office equipment and supplies, required reporting, and assisting with personnel tracking, as well as fielding requests of the Member with staff and the public.
This is an entry to mid-level position in a fast-paced office that frequently requires non-traditional work hours. Qualified applicants should have prior professional office experience. The Operations Manager/Executive Assistant will report to the Chief of Staff and District Director. Ties to Brooklyn is a plus. This position is based in the local Brooklyn, NY office.
This is a permanent, full-time position. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, and resume to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please place OPERATIONS MANAGER/EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT in the subject line. NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
New York Democrat seeks a Director of Outreach and Community Engagement for their district office. Responsibilities include building strategic relationships with community leaders and constituent groups, executing various outreach activities, and recruiting volunteers for events and outreach programs in the district. Duties also include coordinating initiatives designed to promote the office and services to the community, managing an outreach and organizing plan for the team, and any other assigned duties.
Candidates should possess excellent organization, leadership, teamwork, and management skills, as well as verbal and written communication skills. The Director of Outreach and Community Engagement will report to the Chief of Staff and District Director. Ties to Brooklyn, a proven management record, and a minimum of three years of related experience are required. This position is based in the local Brooklyn, NY office.
This is a permanent, full-time position. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, and resume to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please place DIRECTOR OF OUTREACH AND COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT in the subject line.
 MEM-198-19
 Page 8 of 13

MEM-196-19
NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
Title: Professional Staff Member, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations
House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations (Democratic Staff) seeks a Professional Staff Member to join a small team of oversight and investigative staff. This is not an entry level position.
Qualified candidates will have strong research, writing, and communications skills with a demonstrated ability to work on a team, generate ideas, and develop an investigation strategy. Candidates will have experience in congressional investigations/oversight, relevant legal experience, or investigative journalism.
Exceptional candidates will have strong knowledge, experience, and skills with any of the following (though not necessarily all):
•Department of Veterans Affairs policies, operations, and benefits programs; •Congressional oversight of federal programs;
•Investigations of waste, fraud, and abuse;
•Data analysis, especially ability to manipulate and examine financial data; •Working with whistleblowers;
•Questioning and deposing witnesses
•Subpoena of agency documents.
Salary will be commensurate with experience, and likely within the range of $90,000 - $110,000.
Diverse candidates and veterans are highly encouraged to apply. This job description accurately reflects the job duties of the employee who has been determined to be of an exempt status in compliance with the Fair Labor Standards Act.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and a writing sample of no more than three pages to hvactransition@gmail.com
The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a DC Scheduler with strong organizational and communication skills.
Responsibilities will include maintaining the Member’s schedule for the Washington D.C. office, organizing, evaluating and tracking invitations and scheduling requests, and coordinating some travel arrangements. In addition, the scheduler will be responsible for coordinating the Member’s personal
 MEM-195-19
Page 9 of 13

 MEM-194-19
correspondence, arranging and/or providing surface transportation for the Member in DC, communicating key information regarding the Member’s schedule to staff, and other tasks as assigned by the Chief of Staff/Legislative Director.
We are seeking applicants to join our fun, team-oriented, hard-working office. The ideal candidate will possess a can-do attitude and be process and solution oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter and will possess the capacity to produce high quality work on short deadlines. He or she will also have a demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work environment.
This is not an entry level position. The selected applicant will be expected to operate in a fast-paced office and require dedication, close attention to detail, and the ability to think outside the box. Non-traditional work hours, occasional travel are required. Veteran applications are welcome!
Please do not call or drop in to the office, qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume and two writing samples with “Scheduler” in the email title to: hi02jobs@gmail.com
California Democrat and Member on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee seeks Legislative Assistant to handle transportation policy along with a diverse portfolio of issues. Candidates should have excellent research, writing, and communication skills. Duties include identifying and advancing policy proposals, committee hearing and mark-up preparation, meetings with stakeholders, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Successful candidates should possess strong interpersonal skills and a willingness to work in a team environment.
This is not an entry level position and prior legislative experience on Capitol Hill is preferred. Office is an equal opportunity employer.
Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample to CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.
Southern Democratic Member of Congress is seeking an experienced and enthusiastic Deputy Chief of Staff to help manage the day-to-day operations and to serve as a top advisor on key issues.
Ideal candidate will have at least 5 years of Capitol Hill experience. Candidates should possess a strong understanding of the legislative process, including House organization and procedures, excellent written and oral communication skills, and editing abilities. Applicants must also demonstrate
 MEM-193-19
Page 10 of 13

 MEM-190-19
an ability to manage and mentor staff, think strategically, and have experience in formulating strategic plans for advancing legislation.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and three writing samples to nchousejobs@gmail.com with “Deputy Chief of Staff” in the Subject Line. No phone calls or drop-ins please. This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or expression, or sexual orientation.
Progressive Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent. Duties include processing flag and tour requests and management of an active constituent correspondence program with short turnaround times. Candidates should have excellent writing and research skills, be self-starters, and have strong organizational and time management skills. Previous Hill experience strongly preferred. This office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please send resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
StaffAstLegCorr@gmail.com
Congresswoman Jahana Hayes seeks a Press Secretary to serve in her Washington, D.C., office. Candidates should be proactive and possess superior written and oral communications skills (including strong writing, editing, and proofreading capabilities). The ideal candidate will be a self- starter that can juggle multiple tasks and has prior political and communication experience.
Primary Responsibilities:
- Establishing and maintaining relationships with Connecticut, national, and D.C.-based media
- Coordinating all media efforts and communication-related events
- Drafting and distributing press releases and media advisories; drafting, editing, and placing op-eds
- Working with digital press assistant to draft, edit and post creative content across all social media platforms
- Pitching stories to reporters and producers, including national and Connecticut media, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the point-of- contact for media
- Monitoring media narratives and identifying opportunities to promote the Member
- Overseeing franked communications strategy, including: the drafting, design, and distribution of franked mail content;
- Updating the congressional website and ensuring that it features timely content
 MEM-188-19
Page 11 of 13

 MEM-186-19
- Coordinating and staffing the Congresswoman for interviews and events
- Compiling and distributing press clippings
- Work with legislative staff to coordinate E-newsletter
- Provide weekly reports on communications activities to Member and senior staff
Connecticut ties are a plus but not required. Minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume and two writing samples in a single PDF to CT05employment@gmail.com with the following subject line: First name Last Name – Press Secretary. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
Chairman of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Constitution, Civil Rights and Civil Liberties seeks Legislative Assistant to handle Judiciary portfolio in Member’s personal office. Responsibilities include coordinating with committee staff, preparing materials for hearings, drafting legislation, meeting with stakeholders, writing talking points, coordinating with Communications Director and representing the Member at meetings and events.
Applicants should have strong organizational, writing, and communication skills and be detail oriented. This is not an entry level position. A JD and substantial Hill experience, including thorough knowledge of House rules and legislative process, are required. Should also have ability to work in a fast- paced environment for a very active Member while keeping a sense of humor.
Tennessee ties are a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and 2 writing samples to tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov Please write “Judiciary Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. Please note this office has a dog. No phone calls or drop-ins.
Senior Rocky Mountain Democrat is seeking a Legislative Assistant to manage a very active health care portfolio, including the Member’s leadership of two high-profile caucuses. Candidates should have at least three years of experience developing and implementing legislative strategies in a Congressional office. Strong research, writing, and negotiation skills are essential. An advanced degree in a health field is preferred. The ideal candidate will be creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be able to have fun while maintaining a busy schedule. Interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to rockymountainhealthla@gmail.com
The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks a full-time Digital Production Specialist to support the Committee’s Democratic staff. Candidates should have at least two years of experience generating graphics,
  MEM-176-19
 MEM-168-19
Page 12 of 13

video and social media content. Responsibilities include conceiving, developing and publishing online video and graphics, updating the committee’s website, and maintaining the committee’s presence on major social media platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Youtube. Fluency in Spanish and participation in climate or other justice-based movements is a plus.
Salary commensurate with skills and experience. Please email a cover letter with links to an online resume or LinkedIn profile as well as a portfolio of your work to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Digital Production Specialist” in the subject line. The committee is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
 Page 13 of 13
