  House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
  MEM-348-14
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 27, 2014
Ohio Democratic Member seeks a hardworking Social Media Press Assistant to join a busy, proactive team. Applicant must be able to multitask, and thrive while working long hours. Responsibilities include: developing, writing, and editing content for online platforms including Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube and Instagram; website development & maintenance; and, other duties as assigned. Applicants must have experience directly managing social media accounts, and a proven record of maintaining a web presence by building, maintaining and engaging active web-based/social media audiences to meet outreach and impact goals.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Please send cover letter, resume, and two original writing samples to District11Resumes@mail.house.gov with “SOCIAL MEDIA PRESS ASSISTANT” in the subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls.
Ohio Democratic Member seeks a hardworking Press Secretary to join a busy and proactive team. Applicant must have previous speech writing experience; thrive at multitasking and working long hours; and, have sound political
 MEM-347-14
Page 1 of 4

 MEM-346-14
judgment.
Responsibilities include, but may not be limited to, speech writing, drafting news releases, talking points, and op-eds; responding to press inquiries in a timely and appropriate manner; early daily news clips; monitoring the news/ social media platforms throughout the day; and supervising the development of website and social media content. Duties also include: booking interviews and pitching stories; developing relationships with reporters; organizing events; and developing and implementing media, communications, and public relations strategies. The successful applicant must be a team player, and will work closely with the Chief of Staff, Communications Director, and D.C./ District team.
This is not an entry-level position. Professional communications and on-the- record experience is required. Hill experience and familiarity with Ohio, especially Northeastern Ohio, is strongly preferred. Candidates should have knowledge of the legislative process, as well as the ability to identify local and national press opportunities. Salary is commensurate with experience. Please send cover letter, resume, and three original writing samples to District11Resumes@mail.house.gov with “PRESS SECRETARY” in the subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls.
New Jersey Democrat is seeking a highly motivated and organized staff assistant with excellent oral and written communication skills for the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include managing front desk operations, answering telephones, greeting visitors, coordinating tours for visiting guests, processing flag requests, reviewing, sorting, and responding to incoming constituent correspondence, addressing constituent matters, and assisting the Member and legislative staff as needed. Additional duties include management of the website and social media activities, including official Facebook and Twitter accounts.
Please e-mail cover letter, resume and two brief writing samples to nj08jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or drop-ins.
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Senior Legislative Assistant. House experience and Spanish a plus.
Send cover letter, resume and three work references to:
Intern7DC.TX35@mail.house.gov
No walk-ins please.
Virginia Democrat seeks an energetic, self-motivated, and organized Staff Assistant. Applicants should demonstrate strong interpersonal skills, be comfortable with managing multiple tasks, and have experience working on
 MEM-345-14
MEM-340-14
 Page 2 of 4

 MEM-332-14
deadline in a high pressure setting.
Duties include, but are not limited to: staffing the front office and greeting visitors, answering phones, coordinating and executing flag and tour requests, managing office intern program, assisting with mail processing -- reviewing, sorting and responding to constituent mail, tracking legislative issues, assisting with research, coordinating IT services, and helping with other projects as needed.
Applicants should have experience interacting with the public, as well as possess strong writing, communication, and organizational skills. Positive, team-oriented attitude required. Previous Capitol Hill or internship experience preferred. Ties to Virginia and bilingual in Spanish a plus.
Please submit resume and cover letter to vacongressionalresumes@gmail.com.
Northeastern progressive Democrat, Senior Member of Democratic Leadership, and Member of the Appropriations Committee seeks an experienced speechwriter to join busy, high-functioning office. The individual will work closely with the legislative staff and communications director and take the lead on crafting speeches and op-ed columns. Candidates must possess excellent and proven writing and organizational skills and the ability to grasp complex policy concepts, think strategically, and multitask effectively under tight deadlines. Applicants must also have command of the legislative process, sound political judgment, and a sense of humor. Salary commensurate with experience. Please send cover letter, resume, and 2-3 writing samples to: ct03speeches@gmail.com.
Republican Congressman seeks Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent to manage all aspects of constituent correspondence and general day-to-day office operations. Duties will include sorting and tracking incoming mail, emails, and phone calls, and responding to mail using constituent management software to ensure timely responses. In addition, the position is responsible for front office reception duties, answering phone calls, greeting visitors, and other constituent services, such as flag and tour requests. Successful candidates must demonstrate strong writing ability, exceptional organization skills, attention to detail and be able to work quickly in a fast paced
environment. Previous Capitol Hill experience is required. Proficiency in Fireside and California ties are a plus. Please send resume, cover letter, and two one-page writing samples to cagopjobs@gmail.com.
Texas Republican seeking to fill Legislative Correspondent
position. Candidate must be an extremely strong writer, display a high degree of attention to detail, be familiar with digital media trends and be willing to assist on special projects. Primary responsibilities will include processing the incoming mail and assisting our communication team with proof reading,
 MEM-325-14
  MEM-321-14
Page 3 of 4

 MEM-318-14
writing and updates to the website and newsletter. Hill experience and knowledge of Fireside is preferred, but not required. If interested, please submit a cover letter and resume to txgopjobs2@gmail.com
Legislative Assistant: Texas Democrat seeks a hard-working and experienced legislative staffer to handle various legislative areas. A bachelor’s degree with at least 4 years oflegislativeexperience on the Hill is required.Potential candidates should have excellent writing and verbal skills coupled with some knowledge of social media. The ideal candidate will have experience working under pressure, working as part of a team, a sense of humor and the ability to work flexible hours. Experience with iConstituent is a plus, but not required. Please send cover letter, resume and a writing sample to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
 Page 4 of 4
