 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-375-19
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 5, 2019
House Committee seeks detail-oriented, organized Assistant Clerk/Security Manager. This person will work with the Chief Clerk & Deputy Clerk to coordinate logistical aspects of hearings, markups, and Committee meetings. Other responsibilities include managing the Legislative Calendar, hearing documents, Committee archives, and the transcript review process. This person would also serve as the Committee’s Security Manager to manage classified and sensitive materials, briefings, hearings, meetings, etc. The Assistant Clerk / Security Manager would also manage security clearances for Members and staff, manage the Committee SCIF, and work effectively with the House Security Office.
Candidates must possess excellent attention to detail, good written and verbal communication skills, and be able to handle multiple projects simultaneously in a demanding work environment.
TS or TS/SCI clearance is required. Prior Hill experience is strongly preferred.
Page 1 of 13

 MEM-374-19
Interested candidates should e-mail a cover letter and resume to Oversightjobs@mail.house.gov with “Assistant Clerk/Security Manager” in the subject line.
Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active and visible legislative office staff. The candidate must have strong interpersonal skills, be comfortable with managing multiple tasks and able to work well under pressure.
The staff assistant is responsible for front office duties, including answering and screening telephone calls, mail distribution, room reservations, and responding to constituent requests for flags, tours, and other information. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting training, scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge of the District of Columbia. Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to D.C., if hired. Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
House Republican Member of Congress seeks an experienced individual to serve as his Executive Assistant in his Washington, D.C. office. This individual will also serve as the Office Manager and Intern Coordinator. Position duties include, but are not limited to: maintaining Member’s Washington, DC and district calendars, managing all incoming meeting requests and invitations, coordinating travel and logistics, processing office invoices for vendor payment, maintaining stock of office supplies, overseeing the day-to-day operations of the office, processing/scheduling all incoming tour requests, managing the office’s internship program, and other duties as required.
Applicants should be well-organized, possess a keen attention to detail, work well in a fast-paced environment and have strong interpersonal skills. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
Please submit resume and cover letter to
executiveassistantjob2019@gmail.com
 MEM-373-19
 Page 2 of 13

MEM-370-19
The Office of Congressman Dan Meuser seeks a Scheduler for his Washington office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's daily and long-term schedule in DC and in the District. This individual will work closely with the Member, DC and District staff.
The ideal candidate will have prior scheduling experience on the Hill or comparable work environment. He or she should be well-organized, detail- oriented, self-motivated, and able to work effectively in a fast-paced office. This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; and managing operational and logistical support for the office. Applicants should send their resume, and references to PA09Jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls, emails, or walk-ins, please.
West Coast Democrat seeks an innovative and self-directed Press Aide/Press Secretary.
Duties of the position include but are not limited to:
·Coordinating and managing all district and national communications operations.
·Developing and executing a proactive press strategy.
·Drafting written materials including press releases, op-eds, and talking points.
·Planning and coordinating press conferences and other media events. ·Pitching and booking interviews with local and national media outlets. ·Oversee all social media platforms and website content.
·Build and maintain excellent relationships with members of the district and national and media and act as a spokesperson for the Member.
Qualifications and skills for the position:
. Exceptional oral and written communication skills, as well as excellent interpersonal skills.
. Excellent writing skills with a strong attention to detail.
·The ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
·Applicants should have superior organizational abilities.
·A successful candidate will be discreet, goal oriented, and driven.
·A sense of humor and the ability to work well as an individual and as a member of a team.
·Professional Spanish fluency is required.
 MEM-367-19
 Page 3 of 13

 MEM-365-19
If interested, please email a resume, cover letter, and references to CAJobs@mail.house.gov with “Press Aide/Press Secretary” in the subject line. Relevant press experience is required. Salary will be commensurate with experience. This is not an entry level position.
Moderate Midwestern Member seeks a hardworking, detail-oriented and highly-organized Director of Scheduling to be based out of the Washington, D.C., office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and long-term schedules in D.C. and the district. Responsibilities will include, but not be limited to: preparing and executing the Member’s daily, weekly, and long-term schedules in both D.C. and the District; coordinating all travel for the Member; managing incoming scheduling requests from D.C. and the District; managing weekly scheduling meetings; and coordinating various other projects and administrative duties as assigned.
The Director of Scheduling will work closely with the Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, Communications Director, and District Director on a weekly basis to ensure all scheduling needs are met. The scheduler will develop in-depth knowledge of the district’s geography and key stakeholders in order to strategically and creatively support district staff.
The ideal candidate will be an excellent communicator with exceptional organizational skills, an ability to work well in a demanding and fast-paced environment, and an ability to anticipate problems, take initiative, and offer solutions. Previous Congressional scheduling or executive-level experience required. This is not an entry-level position. Salary commensurate with experience.
This Office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or expression, or sexual orientation. Women, people of color, veterans, and LGBTQIA individuals are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please Email your resume and cover letter to MidWestDemjob2020@gmail.com with Subject Line “Midwestern Moderate – Scheduler”
The Office of Congresswoman Cindy Axne (IA-03) seeks a hardworking, people-oriented, and highly-organized District Representative/Caseworker to join our Des Moines constituent services congressional office.
The District Representative/Caseworker acts as a representative for the Congresswoman within his or her area of responsibility. Essential job functions include, but are not limited to: establishing and maintaining
 MEM-360-19
Page 4 of 13

 MEM-357-19
relationships with local organizations, community leaders, and elected officials on behalf of the Office; monitoring district and local issues; acting as liaison to federal agencies; handling casework; managing special projects; and assisting with events and other activities. Some travel is required.
The ideal candidate will have:
•excellent verbal and written communications skills;
•exceptional organizational skills;
•the ability to work well in a fast-paced environment;
•the ability to adapt and be flexible; and
•the ability to anticipate problems, take initiative, and offer solutions. Candidates should have interest in addressing issues affecting Iowans. Familiarity with the state and congressional district is preferred.
This Office is an equal opportunity employer. Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample (2-3 pages) to Kaitryn.Patchett@mail.house.gov
Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, Civilian Security, and Trade is seeking a Staff Associate to handle day to day administration, subcommittee event coordination, intern management, conduct policy research, draft press and social media statements, and other tasks as assigned. Spanish proficiency required. The Staff Associate will serve as a subcommittee staffer coordinating hearings and assisting with preparing legislative documents.
Successful candidates will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detail-oriented, with strong writing and communication skills and able to work in a fast-paced environment. Candidates must hold a bachelor’s degree and demonstrate clear interest in U.S. policy toward Latin America and the Western Hemisphere more broadly. Previous Hill experience is preferred but not required. Previous relevant work experience is preferred.
Qualified candidates should send resume and cover letter to WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Staff Associate.” No calls or drop-ins.
House Committee (Democratic Staff) is looking for a proactive, experienced oversight counsel. Responsibilities include planning and conducting congressional oversight and advising in policy matters related to oversight of issues within the committee’s jurisdiction. Candidates must possess relevant legal experience, excellent research and writing skills, and strong analytical and communication skills. Must also be a team player and able to work well under pressure and with quick deadlines. Experience with congressional oversight preferred; Hill experience is a plus.
 MEM-344-19
Page 5 of 13

 MEM-337-19
J.D. is required; please no recent graduates. This is not an entry level position. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.
Progressive U.S. Member of Congress has an immediate opening for a highly motivated Outreach Representative to join their District Office. This is a full-time position.
Duties for this position include, but are not limited to: attending community outreach events on behalf of the Member and District Office; working with local businesses, merchant associations, community organizations, and agencies to assist them in navigating the services provided by the federal government; organizing and participating in community projects and events; and developing and executing outreach strategies with the Outreach Director.
Other qualifications include strong communication, writing and presentation skills, event planning experience, and knowledge of the District and the greater Brooklyn area.
The Outreach Representative will also serve as liaison to Community Boards, Precincts Councils and Block Associations.
Valid driver’s license preferred. Fluency in Haitian Creole or Russian is highly preferred. Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is required.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected by law.
Please send resume and cover letter to NYDemocrat@mail.house.gov
Progressive U.S. Member of Congress has an immediate opening for a highly- motivated Constituent Services Representative to join their District Office. This is a full-time position.
Must have extraordinary interpersonal skills, be customer service oriented, be highly-motivated and organized, exhibit a professional demeanor and work ethic. Excellent writing skills are required. Other qualifications include strong analytical skills and experience with casework pertaining to issues such as immigration, veterans’ affairs, social security, housing, and more.
 MEM-336-19
Page 6 of 13

 MEM-334-19
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: developing and executing constituent services plans with Constituent Services Director, responding to constituent casework, meeting with constituents, as well as working with local and federal agencies to navigate relevant services provided. Valid driver’s license preferred. Fluency in Haitian Creole or Russian is highly preferred. Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is required.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected by law.
Please send resume and cover letter to NYDemocrat@mail.house.gov
The Office of Congressman Don Beyer seeks a scheduler for his Washington, DC office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and long-term schedule in DC and the district. This individual will work closely with the Member, DC staff, and District staff.
The ideal candidate will have prior scheduling experience on the Hill, be well organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and able to work effectively in a fast-paced work environment. The salary for this position will be commensurate with experience. This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; and managing operational and logistical support for all aspects of the office. Applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and references to Beyerstaff@gmail.com with “Scheduler” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, U.S. House of Representatives, seeks applications to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff of the Committee. The position entails: legislative drafting; jurisdictional analysis; advising on parliamentary procedure; negotiation and correspondence with Republican staff, other Congressional committees, Representatives, Senators, and Executive agencies; oversight and investigative activities; and, providing general legal counsel to the Chair of the Committee.
 MEM-331-19
Page 7 of 13

 MEM-330-19
Candidates for the position must be graduates of an accredited law school and members in good standing of a state bar or the District of Columbia Bar. A strong academic background and exceptional legal research and writing skills are required. Candidates must have at least one year of legal or related experience. Hill experience will be weighed positively, but is not required. Starting salary for this position is $55,000.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and references to:
SciResumes@mail.house.gov
This position closes August 9, 2019.
We are looking to expand the Member's visibility and outreach, resulting in a need for highly diligent, confident candidates with substantial experience for the role of Communications Director. Spanish speaking skills preferred.
The position comes with great responsibility, as our Communications Director is part of the senior staff for the Congressman and responsible for helping in development and promotion of the Member's agenda.
All aspects of communications are covered, including but not limited to, televised press conferences, statements to the press, speeches, radio addresses and social media. Experience with graphic design is a plus. The selected individual will also work closely with the entire office team to formulate consistent messaging in district mail pieces, and our 499-program.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid vacation and sick leave, parking or metro benefits, health insurance and retirement -- Plus an awesome environment! Anyone interested may send their applications to CongressionalOpenJob@gmail.com
Southern California Democrat seeks an experienced Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, energetic, and hungry!
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
Moreover, the Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations, including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to media outlets; coordinating the Member’s social media
 MEM-323-19
Page 8 of 13

 MEM-315-19
accounts; and editing/drafting speeches, talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the Congressman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congressman’s values and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. To be considered for the position, candidates must have previous press-related experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized, proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political acumen and instincts, and possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills. Fluency in Spanish is a plus. Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive demeanor and good sense of humor.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Please e-mail a resume, a cover letter including salary requirements, and two writing samples to CARuizJobs@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director Position” in subject line. This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages all qualified candidates to apply.
Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks candidates for the position of Press Secretary. Candidates must be fluent in Spanish. Ideal candidates should have minimum of two years of successful work on communications for an elected leader or comparable experience, excellent writing abilities, and experience handling press inquiries.
Applicants should be able to communicate effectively about a variety of policy issues. Applicants should also have a proven history of writing creative and original copy.
Candidates should be organized, creative, motivated and must have the ability to write content that accurately conveys the priorities of the congresswoman and the 29th district. Candidates must be able to work effectively in a fast- paced environment, including quickly researching and writing copy. Candidates should have enough knowledge of video production/editing and creating graphic content that they can assist or fill-in when needed.
Page 9 of 13

  MEM-306-19
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: drafting talking points for speaking engagements; writing press releases; developing relationships with members of the media; tracking press and social media analytics; research. A limited policy portfolio will eventually be incorporated into the position. Ability to independently produce content in English and Spanish is required.
This is NOT an entry level position. The position reports to the Chief of Staff. Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, two one-page writing samples (one in English and one in Spanish) to: TX29SG.Resumes@mail.house.gov .No phone calls or drop-ins please.
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects.
This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $30,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
Senior Democratic Texas Member seeks an experienced Communications Director, immediately, based in the Washington, D.C. Congressional office. This person will plan and execute a proactive media and digital constituent outreach strategy. This is a senior staff role requiring a minimum of 3 years of previous Hill or political communications experience. This is not an entry- level position.
The position will require a tremendous amount of writing, and the aptitude to oversee all press and communications responsibilities. Candidates should be
 MEM-303-19
Page 10 of 13

   MEM-294-19
proactive, detail-oriented and have demonstrated experience in national, local, and digital media.
Responsibilities Overview:
•Develop strong relationships with local/national media; know local TV media markets, radio stations, and newspapers to elevate Member’s profile on key issues
•Work closely with district team to plan messaging and plan local press events in the district
•Develop and execute communications strategies for the office using best practices
•Write talking points, press releases, op-eds, speeches, and more
•Book and prepare Member for interviews
•Produce a weekly communications report for the Congresswoman and provide regular communications updates to staff
•Create and oversee digital communications outreach including e-newsletter, website, and social media platforms
Necessary Qualities:
•Political savvy
•Exceptional self-starter •Creative/forward thinker
•Strong writer, editor, and proofreader •Able to meet tight deadlines
•Detail oriented •Team player •Flexible schedule
The Communications Director is expected to have a close working relationship with the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s media team. Dallas ties are preferred, but not necessary. Occasional district travel may be necessary.
Equal Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and three writing samples, immediately, in one email to Kenneth.Nealy@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the subject line. No walk-ins or calls please.
Senior Congressional Hispanic Caucus Member and Co-Chair of the Labor and Working Families Caucus seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse portfolio of issues including labor, immigration, housing, and civil
Page 11 of 13

 MEM-290-19
rights. The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for developing legislative initiatives, meeting with constituents and interested groups on behalf of the Member, and staffing the Member.
Qualified candidates should have at least 2-4 years of experience and possess a strong understanding of the issues listed. Applicants must demonstrate an ability to work well with a team in a small, fast-paced environment, while maintaining a sense of humor. This is not an entry level position. To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to CAdemofficejob@gmail.com. No calls or drop-ins, please.
The Committee on Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations is seeking to fill a Professional Staff Member position on the Republican staff. The ideal candidate will have a strong interest in investigations and natural resources issues.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staffing Subcommittee and some Full Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and some Full Committee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as well as with outside organizations, transcribed interviews, reviewing document productions, research, interacting with various congressional committee and personal offices, and managing the Subcommittee’s administrative needs.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, attention to detail, desire to learn how to conduct congressional oversight and investigations, be self- motivated, work well under pressure, and possess strong research, written, and oral communication skills. Prior Hill experience preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to NaturalResources.Jobs@mail.house.gov, with “O&I PSM” in the subject line.
The Committee on Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations is seeking to fill a Counsel position on the Republican staff. The ideal candidate will have at least three years of experience with a background or strong interest in investigations. Experience in natural resources issues is a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staffing Subcommittee and some Full Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and some Full Committee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as well as with outside organizations, depositions/ transcribed interviews, reviewing document productions, research, managing external sources of information, and interacting with various congressional committee and personal offices.
 MEM-289-19
Page 12 of 13

 MEM-279-19
MEM-252-19
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, superior attention to detail, be self-motivated, work well under pressure, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. JD required. Prior Hill experience preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to NaturalResources.Jobs@mail.house.gov, with “O&I Counsel” in the subject line.
Senior Republican Member on Appropriations looking for Communications Director. Ideal candidates should have 3-5 years of Hill experience, strong writing skills, are detailed oriented, and familiar working with the media. Salary commensurate with experience.
Interested applicants should send their cover letter, resume and writing samples to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and self-motivated legislative assistant with a background in law to join our Washington, DC-based policy team. The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone.
  Page 13 of 13
