 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-264-18
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 6, 2018
Senior Democratic Member seeks Policy Advisor to serve in personal office and on Committee staff. Position will develop and implement legislative initiatives, conduct oversight and investigations, write floor speeches and committee statements, and handle meetings with constituents and interest groups on behalf of Member. Portfolio will likely include health, social security, labor and workforce, energy and the environment, and agriculture and nutrition. An advanced degree and exceptional writing ability required. Hill experience strongly preferred. To apply, please email a cover letter and resume with the words “Policy Advisor” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.
Senior Democratic Congressman who serves as Ranking Member on a full committee seeks an experienced, energetic and creative Press Secretary to work in a fast-paced press operation. The ideal candidate should be entrepreneurial and aggressive in generating ideas that yield media coverage, promoting the Member’s agenda through traditional and social media, and raising the Member’s national profile. The Press Secretary will be responsible for all facets of daily press operation including: media strategy
 MEM-263-18
Page 1 of 7

 MEM-250-18
development and implementation; serving as primary spokesperson for national and local media; coordinating press conferences; pitching story ideas; managing coverage of legislative action and events; and drafting statements, releases, speeches, opinion editorials and responses to articles. This is not an entry-level position. The candidate must have previous Capitol Hill experience, extensive media contacts and background working with both print and electronic media. Excellent oral and written communications skills and the ability to work in a high pressure, team-oriented environment while juggling multiple tasks are required. On-the-record experience preferred.
To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Press Secretary” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.
Military Legislative Assistant – GOP Congressman Office Congressional staff experience required for candidates to be considered for this job opening.
The duties of this position would include directly staffing the Congressman on the Appropriations Committee for defense, veterans, and foreign affairs policy issues. Several other policy areas would be included in legislative portfolio for this position.
Please send your resume to GOPCongressionalJob@gmail.com.
The Majority staff of the House Committee on Homeland Security is seeking a counsel well versed in border security and immigration law to advise the Chairman and Subcommittee staff. Candidates with current or previous Hill experience are strongly preferred, and preference is also given to candidates with good relationships with relevant Hill and Administration points of contact. Duties include crafting policy, drafting legislation, and being the point person for all Committee Members on these subject areas. Please email a resume to resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson (D-FL) seeks a dynamic press assistant with strong digital media skills to join our team. Press assistant tasks include helping to compile daily clips, drafting social media content, creating graphics, and assisting in any other aspects of the team’s fast-paced media operation. Strong writing skills and expertise in and a passion for digital media and politics are required. Hill experience and Florida ties are a plus. Applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to: FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop-ins allowed.
New York Republican Member of Congress is seeking an experienced legislative assistant to join the team. The legislative assistant is responsible for drafting legislation, analyzing bills, and meeting with constituents within
 MEM-246-18
MEM-236-18
MEM-228-18
  Page 2 of 7

their policy portfolio. The position requires a successful candidate to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues. A successful candidate will possess impeccable writing skills, as well as the ability to work in a fast-paced environment. Two or more years of Hill experience is required. Candidates with NY ties a plus. This is not an entry level position. Please send resume and writing sample to nyrepjobs@gmail.com. Phone calls and drop-ins not accepted.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
o Formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas which
include:
1. devising a legislative plan;
2. drafting the plan into legislative form;
3. planning, coordinating and scheduling introduction of
legislation in the House (or offering it on an appropriate
vehicle if it is in an amendment);
4. gathering support for a bill or amendment from other
Members, as well as appropriate interest groups;
5. working with committees on legislation;
6. coordinating legislative support to get the bill passed in the
House.
o Tracks legislation and other developments in his or her assigned issue
areas and briefs the Member for floor work, committee work, work in
the district, and outside House-related activities;
o Monitors legislative developments within committees;
o Plans and coordinates co-sponsorship and support of other legislation; o Monitors legislation on the House floor, providing the Member with
information on each vote;
o Writes Floor speeches for the Member;
o If assigned to issues pending before a specific committee, prepares for
and attends committee meetings and hearings with or without the Member (i.e., keeps in contact with committee staff and meets with interest groups and constituents with interests in such meetings);
o Acts as a liaison with committee and agency staffs;
o Performs special projects assigned by the Member or Chief of
Staff/Administrative Assistant;
o Meets with constituents and interest groups;
o Provides information on and generates ideas for press, mass mailings,
and newsletters;
o Drafts press releases in issue areas and provides background on media
inquiries;
o Answers constituent letters and helps constituents on federal matters; o Supervises interns with regard to legislative issues and constituent
responses;
o Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
o Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and
constituents;
Page 3 of 7
   
   MEM-219-18
o Accepts performance based criticism and direction;
o Works well under pressure and handles stress;
o Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends;
and
o Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A bachelor’s degree or higher education level is preferred, including strong academic credentials. Some period of related experience or training in legislation or equivalent is beneficial.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
o Thorough knowledge of the legislative process and of House
organization and procedures;
o Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
o Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the
formulation and recommendation of policy positions for the Member; o Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
o Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a
tactful, pleasant, and professional manner;
o Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures; o Knowledge of office computer applications; and
o Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
o Work is mainly performed in an office environment.
o Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of
privacy
Progressive Democrat seeks a highly motivated, detail-orientated and energetic Scheduler/Executive Assistant with excellent communications, organizational and inter-personal skills to maintain the Member’s daily and long-range official Washington, D.C. and district appointments.
Primary responsibilities are tracking, evaluating and responding to invitations and incoming requests for appointments, managing all travel and logistical details, and working directly with the Chief of Staff and District Director to ensure smooth daily operations and a seamless schedule between both offices.
Additionally, the Scheduler manages the Member’s correspondence, performs various additional administrative duties, and effectively relays changes and updated information to the Member and staff in a timely manner.
The successful candidate is a self-starter, able to multi-task, quickly solve problems in a fast-paced, dynamic, team-oriented and constantly changing environment. The candidate must also be comfortable communicating with a
Page 4 of 7

MEM-306-18
wide variety of people. Previous Capitol Hill scheduling or other related experience is strongly preferred.
This position requires a positive attitude, an ability to be flexible and adapt quickly to changing circumstances, a strong level of competency and attention to detail and availability to assist the Member outside of regular business hours.
A Bachelor’s degree is required and 1-3 years of prior scheduling experience desired. The salary is commensurate with the candidate’s level of experience with a wide range of benefits. Previous scheduling or advance experience on Capitol Hill is preferred. Bay Area ties are a plus.
Women and people of color are strongly encouraged to apply. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity, or expression, or sexual orientation, or in any of its activities or operations.
Interested applicants should email their resume, one short writing sample and a list of references to CA17Scheduler@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins, faxes or phone-calls.
 The office of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz is seeking
a Legislative Assistant to handle energy, environment, transportation, agriculture, Native American issues, disaster response and other related issues. Responsibilities include but are not limited to advising the Member on all matters in the issue portfolio; developing and advancing policy proposals; drafting vote recommendations and talking points for related floor and committee proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; and representing the Member before constituents and stakeholders. The ideal candidate will have previous work expertise in the issue areas, prior experience advising a Member of Congress and advancing policy proposals; excellent written and verbal communication skills; and an eagerness to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Florida ties are a plus.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Legislative Assistant.”
Please save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
  Page 5 of 7

MEM-204-18
MEM-179-18
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a professional and dynamic executive assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The executive assistant will be responsible for efficient and accurate management of all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term schedule, meeting logistics, maintaining files and drafting correspondence, greeting visitors, answering phones, and contributing to other miscellaneous projects as needed. The person also will be involved in scheduling staff meetings and briefings, and helping constituents with their visits to Washington, DC, among other duties.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, flexible, and calm under pressure. The applicant must possess excellent communication and time-management skills, a sense of urgency and the ability to work independently with sound judgment and minimal direction, and the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Application materials must be received by 5:00 pm ET on July 16, 2018.
 Events Coordinator/Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active and visible constituent services staff.
The Events Coordinator is also a caseworker who helps constituents with federal issues but spends more of the time managing and directing very diverse city-wide and neighborhood events that relate to the Congresswoman’s congressional and constituent responsibilities, including staying on top of everyday events in the Member’s district that keep the community connected to the Member’s work. The Events Coordinator takes the lead to develop major events, among them, the Small Business Fair and Job Fair.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks. The office prizes staff able to think outside the box and work independently while also being available to assist in co-worker projects where necessary or requested. Prior community or event planning experience is desirable. The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, excellent writing and communication skills, experience interacting with the public and leadership qualities. Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to DC if hired.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter and references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.
    Page 6 of 7

Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Two years of experience in an administrative or scheduling role is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to applydc@amash.com. Please include "executive assistant applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
 Page 7 of 7
