    MEM-213-14
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 30, 2014 Communications Director ---
Senior Member of Congress is seeking a senior communications professional experienced in working on international issues with domestic and international media. Candidate will be working with bipartisan House and Senate members to creatively promote common international goals and messages using the widest variety of communications tools available. This is a high-level position; three to five years of relevant experience and a successful record of working in Washington on international messaging and communications is essential. Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, and 2-3 writing samples to congressionalstaffpositions@gmail.com.
Advisor on International Security Issues ---
Senior Member of Congress seeks advisor on security issues — ideal candidate would have security experience including policing, international law enforcement and cooperation, combatting terrorism, border management, and
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
 MEM-212-14
Page 1 of 4

 MEM-211-14
conflict prevention and resolution. The advisor will follow transnational threats, strategic police matters, border security and management, narcotics smuggling and anti-terrorism. Law enforcement or defense-/homeland security-related experience would be an essential asset. The successful candidate will have a strong commitment to public service, strong writing, speaking and analytical skills, be proactive, resourceful, well-organized, and able to meet deadlines. Individuals must be U.S. citizens and have, or be able to obtain, a Top Secret clearance. Overseas travel will be required. Please e- mail a cover letter and resume to congressionalstaffpositions@gmail.com.
Advisor on International Freedom of Religion ---
Senior Member of Congress seeks advisor on issues of international religious freedom – ideal candidate would have experience advocating for religious freedom, including by assisting persecuted persons and/ or advocating with the U.S. or foreign governments for public policy promoting religious freedom. The successful candidate will have a strong commitment to public service, strong writing, speaking and analytical skills, be proactive, resourceful, well- organized, and able to meet deadlines. Individuals must be U.S. citizens and have, or be able to obtain, a Top Secret clearance. Overseas travel will be required. Please e-mail a cover letter and resume to congressionalstaffpositions@gmail.com.
Job Opening: Staff Assistant
Duties Include:
As the primary administrative staff member in the District Office, Staff Assistant duties include (but are not limited to): answer phones; handle mail and faxes; greet and direct visitors; maintain order & efficiency of front and back offices; order supplies; organize office files; coordinate with the Capitol Office to arrange tour and flag requests; coordinate vendor service needs; research the status of some legislation; draft some correspondence; assist the District Director and all District Office staff with additional tasks, as needed. In the absence of the District Scheduler, the staff assistant will serve as back- up and help facilitate any scheduling requests.
Casework duties include (but are not limited to): Assist constituents with their individual cases pertaining to federal agencies. Help constituents to obtain timely consideration and cut through red tape. As the “front-line” caseworker, help constituents with nonfederal questions to find appropriate resources.
Experience Required:
Prefer some experience working directly with the community. Solid interpersonal, writing and organizational skills are essential. The successful applicant will be a team player, have a positive attitude and the ability to work and set priorities in a fast-paced environment. Spanish language skills
 MEM-207-14
Page 2 of 4

 MEM-196-14
considered a plus.
To Apply:
Please fax or email cover letter and resume to: Office of Congressman Xavier Becerra
350 S. Bixel Street, Suite 100
Los Angeles, CA 90017
Fax: (213) 481-1427
Email: Resume.California@mail.house.gov
Senior Legislative Assistant: Texas Democrat seeks a hard-working and experienced legislative staffer to handle the healthcare and energy portfolio, along with other legislative areas. A bachelor’s degree with at least 4 years of legislative experience on the Hill is required. Potential candidates should have excellent writing and verbal skills coupled with some knowledge of social media. The ideal candidate will have experience working under pressure, working as part of a team, a sense of humor and the ability to work flexible hours. Experience with iConstituent is a plus, but not required. Please send cover letter, resume and a writing sample to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
Staff Assistant—Southern conservative Republican seeks a Staff Assistant to handle a wide range of office responsibilities and constituent services in the Washington office. Primary responsibilities for this position include (1) answering the main telephone line for the office, (2) processing flag requests, (3) arranging tours of the Capitol, (4) preparing the office for daily activities, and (5) drafting personal notes and letters of commendation to constituents. Other responsibilities may be assigned. Because the Member places a special emphasis on constituent services, candidates must be able to maintain a courteous and respectful demeanor at all times and possess a true desire to help constituents. Competitive candidates will be confident and well-spoken, have excellent oral and written communication skills, possess an acute attention to detail, demonstrate an assertive and organized approach to problem solving, and exhibit an ability to multi-task in a fast paced work environment. Though duties are largely administrative in nature, the Staff Assistant should have a personal interest in current events and Congressional activities, and should be fully engaged in all aspects of the day-to-day operations of the office. Additionally, the daily work hours for this position are 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Completion of a four-year college education is required. Prior work experience is preferred. Southern ties are a significant plus. Interested individuals should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to congressjob@gmail.com.
Communications Director: Senior Democrat seeks a communications director experienced in all aspects of public relations and social media, who is
 MEM-194-14
 MEM-190-14
Page 3 of 4

also organized, energetic and creative to be based in D.C. congressional office to handle all communications strategy and media operations for an unusually busy office. This is a very fast-paced office where the communications director writes press releases; help the member with social media; pitches stories; responds to reporters’ inquiries; oversees website content; develops and maintains relationships with local and national media; organizes media events; and produces newsletters and e-newsletters. Occasional help on press releases is sometimes available from legislative staff. Excellent research, writing and social media skills are essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will develop and implement a communications plan, think outside the box and possess the political savvy needed to anticipate big news stories and to proactively promote the Member’s message. At least three years of prior media and/or Hill experience and demonstrated experience with both mainstream and new media outlets is preferred. This is NOT an entry level communications position. Candidate must be a DC resident or be willing to become a resident of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two writing samples to(202) 225-1129 (fax) or DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov . NO PHONE CALLS, PLEASE! If you have questions, please email them to dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled.
  Page 4 of 4
