  House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 26, 2015
   U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. seeks highly-motivated, detail-oriented casework representative to staff his congressional satellite offices. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for the Congressman and constituents and answers casework correspondence and verbal communications with constituents. Caseworker will deal with a range of constituent issues including, but not limited to: Social Security, Medicare, veterans' claims and immigration. Past casework experience is desired. This individual will also serve as a field representative for the Congressman at various local meetings and events. This position may be part-time or full-time depending on applicant. Ties to northern New Jersey, specifically to Bergen County, are a must. Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample via email to nj09job@gmail.com. All applications must be received no later than February 6th. No calls, direct emails or stop-bys please.
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) seeks a bright, creative, and hard- working legislative assistant to join our Washington, D.C.-based policy team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
 MEM-035-15
MEM-034-15
Page 1 of 11

 constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The legislative assistant will be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues, which can be tailored somewhat to the staffer's expertise and interests.
The successful candidate will demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, and the defense of the Constitution. He or she also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. Candidates who prefer staid and steady work or who avoid challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Candidates must have a B.A. or equivalent, and we prefer candidates with some policy experience, although Hill experience is not required. This is not an entry-level position.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to mi03.apply@gmail.com.
 MEM-033-15
The Republican staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a full-time press assistant and digital manager in its Washington office. Responsibilities include but are not limited to compiling and monitoring press clips, drafting talking points, press releases, speeches and op-eds, managing the committee website and updating social media. The ideal candidate will possess strong written and verbal communication skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, professionalism and a good sense of humor. Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, references and writing samples to curt.cashour@mail.house.gov with “press assistant” in the subject line. No walk-ins please.
Seeking Legislate Assistant.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to develop and plan legislative initiatives especially around small business and tax issues;
• to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor;
• to write floor speeches for the Member;
• extensive knowledge of federal/state workforce issues and organized labor; • ability to draft statements for the Member;
• to draft constituent correspondence for the Member; and
• to meet with constituents and special interest groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICA TIONS:
• at least two (2) years of legislative experience not including internships; • strong academic credentials focused on business, tax and/or energy;
• excellent oral and written communication skills;
 MEM-030-15
Page 2 of 11

• thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and recommendation of policy positions for the Member on small business, federal tax and/or energy issues;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• ability to work well under pressure;
• able to support a progressive caucus agenda;
• reliable transportation;
• ability to work in, and support a team environment;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail; and
• availability to work long hours during the week and occasionally on weekends.
DUTIES:
• formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas which includes:
- devising a legislative plan;
- drafting the plan into legislative form;
- planning, coordinating and scheduling introduction of legislation in the
House (or offering it on an appropriate vehicle if it is an amendment);
- gathering support for a bill or amendment from other Members, as well as
appropriate interest groups;
- working with committees on legislation;
- coordinating legislative support to get the bill passed in the House.
• tracks legislation and other developments in his or her assigned issue areas and briefs the Member for floor work, committee work, work in the district, and outside House-related activities;
• monitors legislative developments within committees;
• plans and coordinates co-sponsorship and support of other legislation; • monitors legislation on the House floor, providing the Member with information on each vote;
• writes Floor speeches for the Member;
• if assigned to issues pending before a specific committee, prepares for and attends committee meetings and hearings with or without the Member (i.e., keeps in contact with committee staff and meets with interest groups and constituents with interests in such meetings);
• acts as liaison with committee and agency staffs;
• performs special projects assigned by the Member or Chief of Staff / Legislative Counsel;
• meets with constituents and interest groups;
• provides information on and generates ideas for press, mass mailings, and newsletters;
• answers constituent letters and helps constituents on federal matters;
• performs other duties as assigned; and
• Preference for applicants from Michigan.
SEND RESUMES AND ONE WRITING SAMPLE TO: Page 3 of 11

 MEM-025-15
CapitolHill14@mail.house.gov
Dynamic, high-profile Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic Press Secretary to assist in carrying out Congressional media plan. The job requires the management of social media, drafting of press releases, working with the legislative team to edit and shape floor statements and speeches, enhancing the Member’s visibility in the district, fielding media inquiries, and other relevant duties. Qualified candidates will have 2-4 years of substantive Congressional, campaign or public policy experience in some or all of the following areas: engaging with the press, strategic planning, writing across multiple platforms for diverse audiences, digital strategy, and proven writing, organizational and communication skills. Candidates will be self-starters who demonstrate strong levels of patience, poise, and political savvy. Position reports to the Communications Director. Send cover letter, resumes, and two writing samples to FL23Resume@mail.house.gov by January 27th, 2015. No phone calls or drop bys, please.
Republican Committee Staff is seeking applications for a Legislative Assistant position to serve as the junior member of the Committee's tax policy group. Primary responsibilities include administrative and clerking duties, active responsiveness to Member office requests, and contribution to materials for member meetings, hearings, markups, draft legislation, and other committee business. JD, CPA, and/or tax experience preferred. Recent law school graduates with a strong interest in tax welcome to apply. Please submit a resume and one brief writing sample to GOPTaxLA@gmail.com.
 MEM-023-15
MEM-022-15
  Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active and visible constituent services staff as a Caseworker.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
Candidate must be able to deal with patience and skill in resolving the problems of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while responding to constituent requests and concerns and meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or casework experience is helpful. The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
Page 4 of 11

 Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and references to: (202) 225-1129 (fax) or to dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov. NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE!
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.
 MEM-020-15
Senior, Progressive, Democratic Ways and Means Committee Member has an opening for a Tax and Finance Counsel/ Advisor to handle tax, pension, financial services, small business, immigration, and homeland security policy.
This is not an entry-level position. Ideal candidates have Congressional experience and substantive tax policy/ legal knowledge. Applicants should be strong writers with the abilities to learn quickly, multi-task, and work independently in a fluid environment. Great interpersonal skills and a good sense of humor are a requisite. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Candidates should be prepared to start as soon as possible. Please email a cover letter, resume, and references to leg.job@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins.
  Progressive Democratic Member seeks an organized, energetic and savvy Legislative Assistant to handle a broad portfolio focusing on issues concerning our domestic agenda – including health care, the economic development of America’s legacy cities, and immigration. This position requires flexibility and the desire to learn about a number of diverse issues required to push the Member’s goals forward. The selected individual will be joining a fast-paced, team-oriented Washington, D.C. office.
Duties include monitoring legislative developments on the House floor; developing and advancing legislation and other policy priorities of the Member; contributing to floor speeches and other external communications; researching and advising the Member on bills and other issues; representing the Member in meetings; and drafting constituent correspondence. Applicants must have superior organizational skills, strong written and oral communication skills, and strong interpersonal skills. They should also be able to multi-task and thrive in a fast paced environment, and have poise, patience and a sense of humor. Michigan ties a plus.
This is a one year temporary position, but with the potential for permanent placement.
MEM-018-15
 MEM-010-15
Please email a resume and cover letter to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
North Carolina Democratic Congresswoman seeks an experienced Page 5 of 11

Communications Director. The ideal applicant will be an excellent writer and editor with a proven ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks in a fast- paced environment, while meeting tight deadlines. Responsibilities include: planning and implementing national and local media strategies, managing social media platforms, writing press releases, talking points, op-eds and other materials. Candidate must build and maintain excellent relationships with members of the national and local media and editorial boards and have on-the- record experience. This is not an entry-level position; Hill experience is highly desired. Please send resume and two writing samples to NCCongressionalJobs@gmail.com. No phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins, please. Minorities and women encouraged to apply, North Carolina ties preferred.
  Senior Democrat seeks candidates for the position of Communications Director/Policy Advisor for a fast-paced and highly engaged office. The successful candidate will have excellent written and verbal skills, the proven ability to manage multiple communications projects, and the ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the representation of the Member’s position on policy issues. S/he will be responsible for developing, managing and coordinating all communications activities, including writing press releases, op-eds, mail pieces, talking points, organizing press events, maintaining the official website, implementing social media strategy, maintaining press database, writing e-newsletters & coordinating Tele-town halls. Duties will also include briefing the Member for interviews, writing and implementing PSAs, interacting with the press as the Member’s principal spokesperson and coordinating the Member’s overall press relations. The ideal candidate will have Hill experience, a depth of legislative and policy knowledge including that of the appropriations process, and Ohio connections of benefit. Candidates must be able to work extended hours and under time pressure, while maintaining a positive attitude and demeanor. Please submit resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and salary requirements to Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov with “Communication Director/Policy Advisor” in the subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls.
Progressive Senior Appropriator seeks a Legislative Director to lead staff in a team-oriented office and serve as liaison to DHS appropriations subcommittee.
Responsibilities: supervise day to day activity of legislative staff; contribute to office communications plan; proactively promote the office legislative
agenda; manage a personal legislative issue portfolio which may include homeland security, defense, civil rights, judiciary, trade and foreign affairs among others; and perform other related duties as assigned.
 MEM-009-15
MEM-007-15
 Candidates should possess thorough knowledge of the legislative process
 and House procedures; previous supervisory experience; excellent
Page 6 of 11

 organizational and communication skills; ability to work under pressure and
 meet deadlines; flexibility with priorities and ever changing deadlines; detail
 orientation; and ability to meet attendance requirements including a varied
 and often unpredictable work schedule.
 Pluses include knowledge of immigration/DHS issues, California ties
and Spanish proficiency. People of color, women and LGBT persons strongly encouraged to apply.
 MEM-414-14
Interested applicants should submit via email the following documents: cover letter, resume and one writing sample. Care should be taken to include each document as a separate attachment in the same email
to: SoCalDCstaffOpening@mail.house.gov.
The Committee on Ethics seeks an experienced attorney to serve as the Director of Investigations for the Committee. The Director will manage the Committee’s nonpartisan staff of attorneys and other professionals who are responsible for conducting investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess a minimum of 5 years of experience with complex investigations, outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, and the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is also desirable: government ethics, criminal law, civil litigation, administrative investigations and adjudications, depositions, and familiarity with Congress and its unique institutional prerogatives. Previous management experience preferred. Salary commensurate with
experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Director of Investigations” in the subject line.
Congressman Xavier Becerra is seeking to immediately fill a full-time job opening for a Senior Field Deputy position in his district office. The Senior Field Deputy serves as the congressman’s liaison with the community, local organizations and government agencies; staff and/or represent the congressman at events; advise the congressman about local issues; help organize community based meetings and events; implement proactive constituent outreach program; prepare Member for speeches and
Meetings; draft correspondence. Supervise field team and district activities. This position may require work hours beyond the normal 8-hour work day and may also include work on weekends and holidays.
Qualifications
• Strong written, communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability
 MEM-409-14
 Page 7 of 11

MEM-401-14
to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
• Prefer four years of experience working directly with the community at large. Supervisorial experience required.
• Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
• Bachelor’s degree preferred.
• Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government agencies and structure (county, state and federal).
• Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects simultaneously and work under pressure. Attention to detail and accuracy is essential.
• Candidate should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to excellence, upbeat demeanor and flexibility.
• Candidate should expect weekend, some holidays, and after-hours assignments.
• Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.
All interested individuals should email or fax a cover letter, resume (including salary history) to: Resume.California@mail.house.gov or fax (213) 481-1429. No phone calls please.
Hawai‘i Democratic member seeks a hardworking DC-based Press Secretary to join a busy and proactive team. Applicant must have previous speech writing experience; experience working with the media; thrive at multitasking and working long hours; have sound political judgment; and a social media background. Responsibilities include: speech writing, drafting news releases, talking points, and op-eds; preparing the member for television and print interviews; responding to press inquiries in a timely and appropriate manner; oversee compilation of daily news clips; monitoring the news/social media platforms throughout the day; maintaining and growing the office’s new media presence; and developing website content. Duties also include: staffing the member at public events; booking interviews and pitching stories; developing relationships with national and Hawai‘i reporters; managing and updating official website; and developing and implementing strategic communications plans. Must be a team player and have a good sense of humor.
This is not an entry-level position. Professional communications and on-the- record experience is required. Capitol Hill experience and Hawai‘i ties are preferred. Candidates should have knowledge of the legislative process, as well as the ability to identify local and national press opportunities. Please send cover letter, resume, salary requirements, and two writing samples to hi02jobs@gmail.com. Please, no phone calls or drop bys.
Liberal Northeastern House full committee chairman seeks a Staff Page 8 of 11
 MEM-400-14

 MEM-397-14
Assistant/Scheduler to manage the Members schedule, staff the front desk, greet constituents, and answer telephones and to arrange tours. Qualified applicants should have a very positive attitude, strong organizational skills, orientation to detail, should possess strong verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to multi-task. Responsibilities will include opening and sorting mail and faxes, assisting in data entry and management of the constituent mail system, drafting constituent correspondence and assisting the Member and staff with various projects. The Staff Assistant is also responsible for some office administration, including maintaining office supplies and supervising office interns. Interested parties should email a cover letter and resume to Pa.CongressionalResume@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please. This position opens in early January, 2015.
Senior, progressive California member seeks highly proactive, experienced communications professional to serve as district-based Communications Manager. Responsibilities include developing and implementing a strategic district – based communications plan, including substantial media and constituent outreach. Potential candidate must have proven track record with traditional and ethnic press, broadcast and digital media, and strong pitching skills. Outstanding writing skills are required for varying mediums including: remarks for events, press statements, social media, op-eds, and keynote speeches. Demonstrated ability to organize constituencies and stakeholders is also required. Ideal candidates will have political savvy, depth of communications experience, and desire to work long hours in a fast-paced and results- oriented environment. Qualified candidates should submit resume, cover letter, and two writing samples and salary requirements to lee.resumes@mail.house.gov. Minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
The Office of General Counsel (“OGC”) of the United States House of Representatives is accepting applications for the position of Paralegal. OGC is a non-partisan office that provides legal advice and representation, without regard to political affiliation, to the House of Representatives as an institution, as well as to Members, committees, officers, and employees of the House on matters related to their official responsibilities. OGC litigates at both the trial and appellate levels in various courts around the country. It also provides day- to-day legal advice on a broad array of legal issues including, but not limited to, constitutional law, the interpretation and application of federal statutes, the construction and application of House rules, contracts, torts, immigration, and intellectual property. For more information about OGC, please see http://www.ogc.house.gov/.
OGC’s Paralegal will be responsible for formatting, cite checking and proof reading legal pleadings; ensuring that all legal pleadings comply with applicable court rules; filing legal pleadings in federal and state courts; otherwise assisting OGC lawyers as needed, including assisting in preparing
 OGC-001-14
Page 9 of 11

 MEM-395-14
them for court appearances; conducting factual research; drafting correspondence; maintaining, managing, and archiving office files; assisting with the management of OGC’s electronic database; assisting with general office management; and performing other tasks that may be assigned from time to time. Normal hours for this position are 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., although additional hours will be required from time to time.
Minimum Requirements: (1) excellent academic credentials; (2) at least five years’ experience as a litigation paralegal or in a similar position; (3) excellent organizational skills; (4) excellent research skills; (5) excellent computer skills (including familiarity with Westlaw, Word/WordPerfect, Adobe Acrobat, PACER and ECF, document review platforms, and database management applications); (6) strong writing skills; (7) a non-partisan temperament; and (8) the ability to work well with colleagues in a fast-paced environment.
Email resume and cover letter to OGC.Employment@mail.house.gov. Your cover letter should indicate the date you are available to start work.
Ohio Democratic Member seeks a hardworking Press Secretary to join a busy and proactive team. Applicant must have previous speech writing experience; thrive at multitasking and working long hours; and, have sound political judgment.
Responsibilities include, but may not be limited to, speech writing, drafting news releases, talking points, and op-eds; responding to press inquiries in a timely and appropriate manner; early daily news clips; monitoring the news/ social media platforms throughout the day; and supervising the development of website and social media content. Duties also include: booking interviews and pitching stories; developing relationships with reporters; organizing events; and developing and implementing media, communications, and public relations strategies. The successful applicant must be a team player, and will work closely with the Chief of Staff, Communications Director, and D.C./ District team.
This is not an entry-level position. Professional communications and on-the- record experience is required. Hill experience and familiarity with Ohio, especially Northeastern Ohio, is strongly preferred. Candidates should have knowledge of the legislative process, as well as the ability to identify local and national press opportunities. Salary is commensurate with experience. Please send cover letter, resume, and three original writing samples to District11Resumes@mail.house.gov with “PRESS SECRETARY” in the subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls
  Florida Democrat seeks a highly-organized, detail-oriented Deputy Scheduler/Office Manager for the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include organizing and tracking invitations, speaking engagements and scheduling requests for the Member; travel reservations; and coordinating with
MEM-393-14
Page 10 of 11

 district office. Additionally, the Deputy Scheduler/Office Manager will work closely with the Chief of Staff to ensure efficient and seamless
office operations. Ideal candidates are nimble, can work under pressure, be a team player, and are able to navigate competing demands. Candidates must be on call and available to assist the Member after regular business
hours. Applicants must also have excellent organizational skills, strong written and verbal communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, savvy political instincts, poise and ability to thrive in a fast paced environment. This is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill operational and/or scheduling experience is required. Florida ties preferred. No phone calls, emails or drop-bys. Please submit resume to FL23Resume@mail.house.gov.
 Page 11 of 11
