 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-176-19
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 8, 2019
Senior Rocky Mountain Democrat is seeking a Legislative Assistant to manage a very active health care portfolio, including the Member’s leadership of two high-profile caucuses. Candidates should have at least three years of experience developing and implementing legislative strategies in a Congressional office. Strong research, writing, and negotiation skills are essential. An advanced degree in a health field is preferred. The ideal candidate will be creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be able to have fun while maintaining a busy schedule. Interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to rockymountainhealthla@gmail.com.
Chairman of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Constitution, Civil Rights and Civil Liberties seeks Legislative Director/Counsel for his personal office. Responsibilities include management of legislative staff, coordination with committee staff, preparing materials for hearings, drafting legislation, meeting with stakeholders, writing talking points, coordination with the Communications Director and representing the Member at meetings and events. Responsible for directing legislative agenda and editing constituent correspondence and all other written material. Applicants should have strong organizational, writing, and communication skills and be detail oriented. This is not an entry level position. A JD and substantial Hill experience, including
 MEM-175-19
Page 1 of 8

 MEM-174-19
thorough knowledge of House rules and legislative processes, are required. Should also have ability to work in a fast-paced environment while keeping a sense of humor. Management/supervision experience preferred. Tennessee ties are a plus. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and 2 writing samples to tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov. Please write “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. Please be aware this office has a dog. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an attorney for an investigative counsel position. The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics; criminal law; employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel” in the subject line.
A House Committee (Democratic staff) seeks a staffer to work on issues related to small business agriculture, energy, and trade policy. Candidate must be an outstanding writer, have a demonstrated capacity to generate new ideas, and the proven ability to analyze legislation. This is not an entry level position. Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill, federal agency, private sector, or policy think tank experience is preferred. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.
The Office of Congressman Ed Case (HI-01) seeks a hardworking and detailed-oriented Executive Assistant in DC. Responsibilities include answering the phone, greeting visitors, leading tours, and processing flag requests. The position would also involve directly assisting the Congressman on various administrative tasks. The Executive Assistant would not work on legislative-related matters or perform any casework. Hawai‘i ties and previous Hill experience strongly preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Executive Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls or drop-ins.
 MEM-173-19
 MEM-172-19
 Page 2 of 8

MEM-168-19
Digital Production Specialist
The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks a full-time digital production specialist to support the Committee’s Democratic staff. Candidates should have at least two years of experience generating graphics, video and social media content. Responsibilities include conceiving, developing and publishing online video and graphics, updating the committee’s website, and maintaining the committee’s presence on major social media platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Youtube. Fluency in Spanish and participation in climate or other justice-based movements is a plus. Salary commensurate with skills and experience. Please email a cover letter with links to an online resume or LinkedIn profile as well as a portfolio of your work to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Digital Production Specialist” in the subject line. The committee is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
The Office of Congressman Juan Vargas is seeking a bilingual, high energy, highly-organized, and detail- oriented Military and Veterans Liaison/Caseworker for his San Diego County District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as an official representative for the Member throughout communities in the District.
•Act as liaison to federal, district, and local government agencies and elected officials.
•Establish and maintain effective relationships with military, veterans and community organizations.
•Monitor local issues of importance and keep the District Director updated. •Provide logistical support and staff the Member at district meetings and events.
•Assess local and casework-related issues for problems requiring possible legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director and Chief of Staff.
•Respond to casework correspondence and inquiries from constituents. •Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner; proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached. QUALIFICATIONS:
• A candidate with a background in and/or understanding of military/veteran issues.
• Veterans, reservists, women, and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
• Ability to work non-traditional hours, including nights and weekends.
• Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills in English and Spanish.
• Ability to work with staff at all levels, work well under pressure and be detail-oriented.
• Possess an understanding of the federal legislative process.
• Ability to quickly learn about key issues and events in the district for which the Member is involved.
 MEM-165-19
Page 3 of 8

 MEM-160-19
• A qualified applicant must possess a valid California driver’s license with the ability to travel as needed.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to cajobs@mail.house.gov.
Northern Virginia office seeks a Case Worker for the district office to handle health care, Social Security and veterans’ issues, as well as occasional other duties, such as events and some outreach. This office has a high and steady volume of case work, and the applicant should be someone who is interested in the subject area, patient and ready to juggle.
This person will join a (congenial!) four-person Rosslyn office, so must be collaborative and available to jump in on other tasks, such as answering phones in the office, and occasionally staffing the Congressman at various events, including some evening and weekend hours. This office is an equal opportunity employer and minority candidates and candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. Please send resume and cover letter to beyerstaff@gmail.com.
Congresswoman Susan Wild is seeking an enthusiastic, self-motivated, creative and tech-savvy Digital Communications Assistant/Manager to work in her Washington, D.C. office. The Digital Communications Assistant/Manager would work closely with the Communications Director to produce high-quality, innovative digital content and manage social media platforms and franking program to amplify Rep. Wild’s work and proactively reach constituents utilizing all available digital mediums. This position is primarily responsible for managing the development and process of high- visibility public content for social media, email, and website. Along with drafting social media posts, graphics, video and newsletters, this candidate will manage all social media platforms, using data-driven analytics to boost engagement. 1+ years of comms/digital experience required. Ability to take initiative and work within a team under tight deadlines is a must. Fluency in Spanish is a bonus. Sense of humor strongly encouraged.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and digital samples to wildresumespa7@gmail.com with the subject line: Digital Communications Assistant/Manager
LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Co-Chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover economic policy issues including housing, trade, infrastructure, and the Congresswoman’s work on the House Committee on the Budget. The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of Hill experience, a good understanding of House procedures, and a deep understanding of economic policy. This is not an entry level position. Candidates with graduate training in law, public policy, or social science are preferred.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. Job
 MEM-159-19
 MEM-156-19
Page 4 of 8

 MEM-155-19
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, preparing briefing materials, and advising the Congresswoman on economic policy.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
Staff Assistant
The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis is seeking a staff assistant to support the administrative needs of the Committee. The staff assistant will answer telephones, greet visitors, and assist with administrative duties related to committee hearings and other committee business. Candidates should possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail. Salary commensurate with experience. Please send resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Clerk
The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis is seeking a clerk to manage committee business in the 116th Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to, record-keeping, circulating committee notices, managing committee hearing logistics and proceedings, supervising interns, updating and maintaining the Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned. Candidates should possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail. Previous congressional experience is preferred. Salary commensurate with experience. Please send resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Clerk” in the subject line. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Counsel/Professional Staff Member
The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis is seeking a professional staff member or counsel to work on climate mitigation policy for the Committee’s Democratic staff. Previous experience working on climate mitigation and decarbonization policy is required. Congressional experience is a plus. Responsibilities include planning and staffing congressional hearings, conducting in-depth analysis on policy options for deep decarbonization, writing and editing, and communicating with stakeholders. Successful candidates will be detail-oriented and possess strong communication and writing skills. Advanced degree preferred but not
 MEM-154-19
 MEM-153-19
Page 5 of 8

 MEM-150-19
required for all positions, as experience in climate policy may be equally relevant. Salary commensurate with skills and experience. Please send resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Counsel/Professional Staff” in the subject line. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and hardworking Staff Assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The staff assistant will be responsible for answering phones, processing mail, assisting with constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, drafting correspondence, and other administrative duties and projects as needed. The person also will handle some light press assistant duties, including compiling press clips, monitoring media, drafting e-newsletters and press releases, updating the website, and fielding some media inquiries.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, and committed to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution. The applicant must possess excellent communication and time-management skills, the ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to applydc@amash.com. Please include "staff assistant applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects. This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $30,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
Democratic Member seeks a Legislative Assistant to develop and plan legislative initiatives and monitor legislative developments on the House floor on assigned issues. The ideal candidate will be suited to: Track legislation and other developments in his/her assigned issue areas; monitor legislative developments within relevant committees; plan and coordinate co- sponsorship and support of other legislation; monitor legislation on the House
 MEM-149-19
 MEM-136-19
Page 6 of 8

 MEM-135-19
MEM-133-19
floor, provide the Member with information on each vote within their assigned issue areas; draft talking points; perform special projects assigned by the Member, the Chief of Staff, or the Legislative Director; meet with constituent/interest groups. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to legassistant900@gmail.com.
Democrat seeks Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant depending on qualifications to handle financial services, tax, economic issues, and other domestic policy issues. Candidate must have Congressional experience and understand the legislative process. A successful applicant will possess strong writing and verbal communication skills, work well with others, and be comfortable in a fast-paced environment. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to financeservicesla@gmail.com
Environmental Counsel/Professional Staff Member
The Committee on Energy and Commerce Majority is seeking a counsel or professional staff to focus on environmental issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction. Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, preparing hearings, and coordinating with stakeholders and member offices. Ideal candidates will have a law degree or advanced scientific degree, a demonstrated interest in environmental protection, and some public policy experience. Please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer. Diverse candidates, women, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply.
Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke is hiring a Communications Director to work in her Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include communications planning and press strategy for D.C. and the district; drafting press materials including: remarks, talking points, newsletters, statements, press releases, and media advisories; pitching media events; assisting with the management of the Congresswoman’s social media accounts; interview preparation; and overseeing the office’s franked mail and digital programs. The ideal candidate is a strong writer, politically savvy, detail-oriented, flexible, creative, and a self-starter. Occasional travel to the district and non- traditional hours - including night and weekend work - should be expected. Strong ties to New York press preferred. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov and include “Communications Director” in the subject line.
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an experienced and well-organized Scheduler for the Representative’s Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Developing, coordinating, and managing all aspects of the Representative’s daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the district, as well as tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests;
    MEM-132-19
 MEM-131-19
Page 7 of 8

 MEM-456-18
•Coordinating all travel for the Representative and her staff, filing travel receipts, and other logistical support tasks as required;
•Working closely with and supporting the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of Staff, District Director, and Communications Director to ensure smooth daily schedules and operations;
•Other special projects as required.
The ideal candidate will be:
•Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
•A hard worker with excellent attention to detail;
•Adept at juggling complex schedules, competing equities;
•Able to anticipate problems, seek solutions, and effectively communicate them to the Representative and her staff;
•Able to work long hours, including nights and weekends;
•Poised, patient, no-drama, and level-headed, with a sense of humor; and •Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment. This is not an entry-level position; 2-4 years of work experience are desired. Applicants with prior work experience as a Scheduler, as well as experience in fast-paced operational roles, are highly preferred.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently seeking a Deputy Clerk to assist the Chief Clerk in the 116th Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to archiving and records keeping, notices and circulations, official filings, editing letters and reports, hearing, markup and conference logistics and proceeding, bill drops and floor logistics, redlines, updates to the website, managing intern and fellowship program, maintaining the documents room, updating and maintaining the Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned. Candidates should possess exceptional organizational skills, be comfortable with public speaking, and have excellent writing and research skills. The Deputy clerk will be required to assume all clerking duties in the absence of the Chief Clerk. Previous congressional experience is highly encouraged. Salary commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and writing sample to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. To ensure proper identification, please put “DEPUTY CLERK APPLICATION” in the subject line.
 Page 8 of 8
