 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-230-19
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 3, 2019
Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of Counsel in the Office of Advice and Education. The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are responsible for reviewing financial disclosure statements, providing a high volume of ethics advice, education, and training to Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics; ethics counseling and training; corporate finance; securities law; employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; and criminal law. Salary commensurate with experience.
Page 1 of 9

 MEM-229-19
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the subject line.
Representative Sylvia R. Garcia seeks a motivated Staff Assistant. The ideal candidate would be a proactive self-starter, detail-oriented, and have excellent oral and written communication skills in both Spanish and English. Responsibilities include driving the Member to the airport and events, welcoming office visitors, answering telephone calls, coordinating flag and tour requests, managing the intern program as well as other administrative duties as assigned.
Texas ties are a plus but are not required. Applicants must have a legally registered vehicle and a valid driver’s license.
Position can involve work at night and on weekends.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume and two writing samples in a single PDF with the subject line “Staff Assistant” to TX29SG.Resumes@mail.house.gov
The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking to immediately fill a full-time job opening for an entry-level Staff Assistant based in her District Office- Norwalk, CA
The Staff Assistant position is primarily charged with (but not limited to) answering phones, greeting constituents and visitors, sorting incoming mail, writing correspondence, and assisting the District Office staff with additional tasks. Successful candidates will possess strong communication skills, the ability to multitask, attention to detail, political instinct, the ability to prioritize in a fast-paced environment. They must also work cooperatively and courteously with others and have the temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
Caseworker: Casework responsibilities involve assisting constituents of the 38th Congressional District resolve problems with federal agencies or find the appropriate state or local contact for non-federal issues. The candidate should be persistent and detail-orientated, and put a priority on facilitating resolutions and expediting priority requests. Knowledge of California state and federal government agencies and experience in customer service will be highly regarded.
Minimum Qualifications *Office/administrative experience
*Strong organizations skills; attention to detail.
 MEM-228-19
 Page 2 of 9

  MEM-224-19
*Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
*Strong communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; and impeccable customer service manners.
*Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government agencies and structure (county, state, and federal).
*Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects simultaneously, and work under pressure.
*Candidates should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to excellence, upbeat demeanor, flexibility, and sense of humor.
*Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college or university with a
bachelor’s degree.
*Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.
To Apply
Interested applicants should submit their resume and cover letter via email to: CA38Jobs@mail.house.gov Please indicate the title of the position in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins accepted.
Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an attorney for an investigative counsel position. The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics; criminal law; employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel” in the subject line.
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an experienced, creative and highly motivated Communications Director to
 MEM-218-19
Page 3 of 9

 MEM-217-19
lead media and outreach efforts in her Washington, D.C. and Seattle, WA offices.
An ideal candidate will:
•Work collaboratively with the Congresswoman and her senior leadership team;
•Possess strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced setting under tight deadlines;
•Understand the digital media landscape and current digital trends, with experience overseeing a digital/social media program;
•Think strategically and creatively;
•Have a strong record of advocating for progressive values;
•Be willing to work weekends and irregular hours.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Serve as the primary spokesperson for the Congresswoman;
•Develop strong relationships with local and national reporters, editors, producers, bookers, and social media influencers;
•Proactively engage in media outreach, including pitching and fielding press inquiries;
•Manage the development of press releases, speeches and op-eds;
•Oversee a robust and aggressive online communications program; •Supervise a Press Secretary and Digital Specialist;
•Prepare and staff the Congresswoman for district press events and media interviews; and
•Work collaboratively with the District Office to ensure a strong local/state media presence.
This is a very senior level position, and a minimum of two years of communications experience as a press secretary or communications director is required. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, three writing samples (including one speech) and three references.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke is hiring a Communications Director to work in her Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include communications planning and press strategy for D.C. and the district; drafting press materials including: remarks, talking points, newsletters, statements,
Page 4 of 9

 MEM-216-19
press releases, and media advisories; pitching media events; assisting with the management of the Congresswoman’s social media accounts; interview preparation; and overseeing the office’s franked mail and digital programs.
The ideal candidate is a strong writer, politically savvy, detail-oriented, flexible, creative, and a self-starter. Occasional travel to the district and non- traditional hours - including night and weekend work - should be expected. Strong ties to New York press preferred. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov and include “Communications Director” in the subject line.
Congresswoman Jackie Speier seeks a proactive, strategic, and community- oriented individual with casework and outreach experience for the position of Caseworker/Field Representative in her San Mateo district office.
Primary Responsibilities:
•Handle constituent requests and casework on behalf of constituents with applicable federal agencies.
•Work closely with other caseworkers and legislative staff on constituent services and outreach efforts.
•Establish and maintain relationships with local organizations, community leaders, and elected officials in the district.
•Keep track of key issues in the communities and develop outreach efforts and course of action to Member relative to issue work.
•Assist with events and other activities.
•Staff the Member at meetings and events or attend on behalf of the Congresswoman.
•Conduct research, draft memos and letters for constituent outreach and Member support.
•Availability to work night and/or weekends as necessary to attend events and community meetings.
•Provide administrative assistance as needed, including answering phones, writing correspondence, and greeting constituents.
Qualifications
•B.A. or equivalent degree.
•Experience working in a fast-paced environment.
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
•Must have car and valid driver’s license; you will receive mileage reimbursement for travel to and from work-related events and meetings. Preferred Qualifications
•Familiarity with 14th Congressional District.
•Experience working for an elected official in a fast-paced environment. •Ability to multi-task various projects that require attention to detail and work
Page 5 of 9

 MEM-213-19
well with others under pressure.
•Proficient in a second language, preferably Chinese or Spanish. Compensation and Benefits
•Pay is commensurate with experience.
•Health, dental, vision, transit, retirement and life-insurance benefits available.
•Federal student loan repayment program available, if eligible.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and writing sample (2-3 pages) to: CA14Jobs@mail.house.gov
Active Ways and Means Democrat seeks an experienced Communications Director to lead national and local media and outreach efforts. This position will be based in the Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include writing a broad array of speeches, drafting press releases and op-eds, and maintaining relationships with local and national press. The Communications Director is also responsible for producing a weekly newsletter and managing all digital accounts.
This is not an entry level position and qualified candidates must have at least two years of relevant experience. Applicants must demonstrate an ability to work well with a team in a small, fast-paced environment while maintaining a sense of humor. To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and three writing samples to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com. No calls or drop-ins, please.
Rep. Elijah Cummings, the Chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Reform in the U.S. House of Representatives, is seeking an Investigative Counsel on the Democratic staff.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of litigation experience, a demonstrated commitment to civil rights and social justice, and a background in anti- discrimination employment, whistleblower protection, and retaliation laws.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, whistleblower interviews, briefings, and congressional hearings. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
 MEM-212-19
Page 6 of 9

 MEM-211-19
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Investigative Counsel” in the subject line. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
Southern California Democrat seeks District Director to oversee all operations of the district offices, including the development and implementation of policy objectives, strategies and operating plans, as well as direct all activities and staff of the district offices. This position is responsible for recruiting, hiring, training, and managing district staff and ensures that district staff complies with office policies, practices, and procedures; represents the Member and/or assigns appropriate staff to do so at events or functions through the district as needed.
Responsibilities include strategizing, developing, and implementing district communications and outreach plan for constituents, including casework management. This individual also serves as the primary liaison between the Congresswoman and constituents and special interest groups in the district; and, acts as an advisor for the Congresswoman on local concerns, district issues and politics, and other developments throughout the region.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of management experience, a strong ability to provide necessary organization, leadership and motivation to manage a Congressional office; excellent oral and written communication skills; and thorough knowledge of the legislative process. The ideal candidate is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours (including evenings and weekends) in a fast-paced and demanding setting. Spanish fluency and Southern California ties are a plus.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing samples to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with just “District Director” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
New York Democrat seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long term calendar in D.C., working with other team members to balance the Member’s time between commitments, ensure the Member is provided with briefing materials for each event/meeting, and performing other duties as necessary. Responsibilities also include reviewing meeting requests, arranging travel to/from Washington, DC, general administrative tasks and assisting on some legislative issues.
 MEM-210-19
Page 7 of 9

 MEM-209-19
Capitol Hill and/or executive assistant experience for an elected official preferred. New York ties are a plus.
The ideal candidate would be a proactive self-starter, detail-oriented, able to juggle multiple tasks at once, have excellent oral, written and interpersonal skills, be a problem solver, and most importantly have a sense of humor. Position can involve work at night and on weekends.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume to ny03.resumes@gmail.com and list “Scheduler” in the subject.
The Office of Congressman G. K. Butterfield (D-NC) seeks a Legislative Director to join the Washington, DC office. The Legislative Director is responsible for managing the legislative team, advancing the Member’s legislative agenda and monitoring legislative developments.
Additional responsibilities include staffing the Member to issue-related events, representing the Member on their behalf, and other committee-related duties. This position also assists with miscellaneous administrative and legislative tasks at the request of the Chief of Staff or the Congressman.
Any interested candidate must be an excellent writer, a strong leader, detail- oriented, politically savvy, have a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, ability to manage multiple and competing tasks, and have excellent organizational and proofreading skills.
North Carolina ties, Capitol Hill experience, and experience using Intranet Quorum (IQ) are preferred, but not required.
Any interested applicant should be a team player.
Applicants should submit their resume, cover letter and two work product
samples here. (https://airtable.com/shrQ5JXSksDZcCk5Z)
Multi-term Republican Member of Congress seeks an experienced Legislative Director to manage a legislative team in developing, implementing, and advancing all aspects of a congressional legislative agenda.
New staffers and entry-level job seekers should not apply – this is a senior- level position with a minimum of 3-5 years of Hill experience required for consideration. The Member is searching for a professional go-getter with demonstrable experience in developing and managing a legislative agenda and achieving results in the Congress. Previous leadership/management
 MEM-208-19
Page 8 of 9

 MEM-207-19
experience, knowledge of the House legislative rules and procedures, skillset to succinctly summarize complex issues and make vote recommendations, excellent organization and communication skills, the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines, and flexibility with priorities required.
Only seasoned, experienced candidates will be considered, and southeastern US connections are considered a bonus.
For consideration, send a cover letter and resume to
goplegdirectoropportunity@gmail.com
Congressman Chuck Fleischmann is seeking a District Director based in his Chattanooga, TN office. The District Director will oversee the management and operation of the district office, serve as a key liaison to local organizations and elected officials, develop and implement long-term strategic outreach plans, and manage and participate in the office’s constituent services efforts.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate management experience, a deep understanding of how to create and maintain a culture of exceptional service, strong oral and written communications skills, and strategic planning abilities. The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under pressure, and the flexibility to work long hours, including nights and weekends. Ties to the 3rd Congressional District and Tennessee are preferred but not essential.
To apply for the District Director position, please send cover letter and resume to tngopapplications@gmail.com with “District Director” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with experience. This is NOT an entry- level position. No phone calls or drop-ins.
 Page 9 of 9
