 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
   MEM-622-19
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 25, 2019
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-7) is seeking an experienced, highly-motivated Legislative Director to lead the Representative’s legislative work and manage a team of Legislative Assistants and Fellows. The LD will work with the Chief of Staff, Member, and other senior team members to develop a legislative strategy and priorities. S/he will train and supervise the legislative team members, review/approve work from other legislative team members, track legislative accomplishments and statistics, provide vote recommendations, and develop and advance legislative proposals from initial idea to final passage.
The LD will also work closely with the District team to ensure that the team’s legislative focus aligns with District priorities and legislative ideas are coming from District issues and casework. As the senior member of the Legislative Team and as a member of the office’s Senior Leadership Team, the Legislative Director should be knowledgeable about procedure in the House of Representatives, have a handle on major legislation across policy areas,
and be able to provide legislative ideas and process/procedural guidance to other team members.
The LD will also manage his/her own portfolio of legislative work. The portfolio will have a domestic policy focus, with flexibility as to the specific
Page 1 of 10

 MEM-621-19
policy topics. (The portfolio could include some but not all of: healthcare, finance, taxes, appropriations, small business, agriculture, rural broadband, transportation, infrastructure, energy, environment, education, civil rights, workforce development, labor, gun violence prevention.) As the office is currently also in the process of hiring an LA and legislative fellow(s), there is substantial flexibility in portfolios. Cover letters should include a sentence on the portfolio you would like to cover.
The best-qualified candidates will have several years of Hill experience, preferably in the House and ideally in more than one office. Other requirements include strong writing and analytical skills, a substantial policy background, attention to detail, facility at managing multiple competing tasks, and the ability to operate with grace and humor in a fast-paced environment. Other advantages include experience in a frontline or Blue Dog office, ties to Central Virginia, advanced education, management experience, and the ability to motivate others.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three references to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director – [Last Name]” as the subject line. For consideration in the first round of interviews, please apply by 12pm Eastern time on Sunday, December 1. (Applications will continue to be accepted and considered on a rolling basis after that time.)
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-7) is seeking an experienced, highly-motivated Legislative Assistant. The Legislative Assistant will handle one of the following two portfolios:
1) Agriculture (including Agriculture Committee work), rural broadband, transportation, infrastructure, and other domestic policy issues.
2) Healthcare, taxes, finance, small business, workforce development, and other domestic policy issues.
Responsibilities will include drafting and advancing legislative proposals, preparing the Member for hearings and markups, meeting with stakeholders and constituents, providing vote recommendations, and performing additional tasks as assigned. The best-qualified candidates will have policy experience in one or more of those issue areas, Hill experience, strong writing and analytical skills, and the ability to operate with grace and humor in a fast- paced environment. Other advantages include experience in a frontline or
Page 2 of 10

 MEM-613-19
Blue Dog office, ties to Central Virginia, and advanced education. This is not an entry level position.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three references to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant – [Last Name]” as the subject line. Please include in your cover letter a sentence describing your preferred portfolio.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
Midwest Republican office seeks a detail-oriented, highly motivated and proactive Legislative Director to handle a diverse policy portfolio. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience on Capitol Hill, with an in-depth understanding of House procedures.
Job responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: drafting legislation, overseeing committee activity, making vote recommendations, writing statements, drafting legislative memos, tracking legislation and meeting with constituents and stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will be a self-starter, highly motivated, detailed oriented and possess strong writing and verbal communication skills. Interested candidates who meet these qualifications should submit their resume, cover letter and a writing sample to ResumeIN@mail.house.gov
Senior Advisor
The House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a senior staff member to join a dynamic leadership office team.
This position will work with the Executive Director to design and execute strategies that advance the message priorities and values of the House Democratic Caucus; Assist with planning and execution of regular message meetings for Members and staff; Engage in outreach to Democratic offices and provide support with message strategies and communications planning; Assist with daily tasks and long-term planning as needed.
Successful candidates will be creative self-starters, come with ideas and have experience planning meetings and events. They will be organized, politically astute and able to collaborate with others in a tight-knit, fast-paced environment. Familiarity with the House and an understanding of the priorities and values of the House Democratic Caucus, as well as previous experience interacting with elected officials required. Communications experience preferred.
 MEM-610-19
 Page 3 of 10

 MEM-606-19
The position will report to the executive director of the DPCC and work collaboratively with Chair and Co-Chair staff and other leadership staff. Non- traditional work hours are expected.
We are equal opportunity employers; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Qualified applicants should email a cover letter and resume to jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with “DPCC Senior Advisor” in the subject line.
Midwest Republican seeks an energetic and enthusiastic Press Secretary. The ideal candidate must be a strong writer, have the ability to work in a fast- pace environment and be able to manage multiple tasks.
In addition, the successful candidate must have a keen attention to detail and a strong work ethic. Primary responsibilities include writing press releases, op- eds, franked mail, managing social media and the official website. The individual would also develop and maintain good relationships with district, state and national media.
Qualified candidates must have at least two to three years of relevant experience on Capitol Hill. Interested candidates who meet these qualifications should submit their resume, cover letter and a writing sample to ResumeIN@mail.house.gov
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets. Moreover, the Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations including responding to media inquiries, booking the Member for interviews, pitching news opportunities to media outlets, updating and maintaining the Member’s social media accounts, and producing speeches, talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds and e- newsletters. They will also be responsible for managing a Press Secretary and working with the Member, Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core messaging.
This is not an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press- related experience, be highly organized, proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political acumen and instincts, and possess superior writing, editing, and proof-reading skills. Additionally, the Communications Director must be
 MEM-599-19
Progressive Southern California Democrat seeks an experienced
 Communication Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
 operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, energetic, and be
 attentive to detail. This position will be based in the Member’s Washington,
 DC office.
 Page 4 of 10

willing to work extended hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive demeanor and sense of humor. Capitol Hill experience is preferred, and fluency in Spanish is a plus.
The annual salary range for this position is $60-75K commensurate with experience. Please e- mail your resume, a cover letter including salary requirements, and a writing sample to
Resume.inbox7@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director Position” in the subject line.
The Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.
 MEM-592-19
The Office of Congresswoman Abby Finkenauer (IA-01) seeks an
 experienced, creative, and motivated Communications Director to be a
 senior member of the team. The ideal candidate will possess excellent written
 and verbal communication skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced
 environment, experience developing and pitching stories, and the ability to
 execute a communications plan encompassing DC and in Iowa activities. The
 candidate will also have congressional and/or campaign experience, a good
 sense of humor, be able to foster a positive work environment, and have Iowa
 ties.
 This position would be based out of Washington DC or Iowa, with associated
 travel as needed. The Communications Director will be expected to, among
 other duties: act as the primary spokesperson for the Member; develop and
 maintain relationships with media outlets in Iowa and nationally; implement a
 communications plan in-district and in DC; develop and successfully pitch
 press stories; oversee digital operations; mentor the Press Secretary; develop
 talking points, speeches, and press releases; hold regular media preparation
 sessions; work collaboratively with Iowa and national team members on all
 aspects of the office; and facilitate successful events and earned media in the
 district.
 TO APPLY: Please e-mail a detailed resume and two writing samples to
 . The office is an equal opportunity employer
  and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
 orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
 status, age, marital status, or parental status.
 MEM-587-19
IA01Resumes@mail.house.gov
Responsibilities include: 1) cultivating and maintaining relationships with local and national outlets and reporters; 2) confidentiality, thoughtful discretion, and independent judgement in representing the Member’s position
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR: Senior House Member seeks an
 experienced communications director to develop and execute press, media,
 and communications operations. This is not an entry-level position.
 Page 5 of 10

MEM-568-19
on policy issues; and 3) writing speeches, opinions, press releases, statements, book forwards, and other public documents.
Strong candidates will have:
•exceptional communications (written, verbal, and listening) skills; •expertise in all aspects of media standards and relations, including on- and off-record press management;
•digital media and newsroom experience;
•a proven attention to detail;
•the capacity to work under short deadlines in a high profile office; and •knowledge of the legislative process and current events.
Applicants with ties to the South are encouraged to apply. The Office is a collaborative and committed team of public servants -- where good humor and non-traditional work hours are expected. The Office is an equal opportunity employer committed to and benefitting from an inclusive and diverse work environment.
To apply, please e-mail a resume, cover letter and two writing samples in a single combined PDF file to NewJobOpening@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the subject line. Drop-ins, phone calls, correspondence, and inquiries sent anywhere other than to the above e-mail address will not be considered.
 The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commercial, and
 Administrative Law seeks a hard-working lawyer with significant legal
 experience to serve as counsel.
 Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
 Subcommittee on matters of law and policy; drafting legislation; reviewing
 documents submitted in response to Committee information requests;
 coordinating hearings and witnesses; drafting statements, memos, and briefing
 materials; and providing guidance to offices both on and off the
 Subcommittee on matters of antitrust law.
 A strong background in antitrust is required. Exceptional writing skills, sound
 political judgment, and the ability to work closely and collaboratively with
 other congressional offices and advocacy organizations are also strongly
 preferred. The Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff,
 and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
 Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
 to
JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov
Page 6 of 10
. Please include “Antitrust Counsel” in the
  subject line.
  
MEM-567-19
The Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Energy and Commerce Majority, seeks a counsel to work on investigative issues related to federal departments and agencies, especially those associated with the committee’s broad jurisdiction. Experience with federal agencies under the committee’s jurisdiction, including environment, energy, public health, communications, or consumer protection, is a plus. Desired skills include experience in congressional oversight and investigations and related processes and procedures.
This position includes responsibilities in planning and conducting congressional hearings, overseeing federal agencies, conducting research and investigations, writing and editing, and conducting document review and analysis. Successful candidate will be detail-oriented and possess strong communication and writing skills. Applicants should have a record of professional experience; J.D. required unless applicant has significant experience in the areas described for this position.
Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at least two professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
Rep. Paul Cook’s office seeks a Legislative Assistant to cover Native American, public lands, environmental, and agricultural issues, among others. Experience with House Natural Resources Committee, House Appropriations Interior Subcommittee, and/or the Department of the Interior preferred. California or Western state ties preferred. Strong writing proficiency required. Candidate will be expected to prepare materials for committee hearings and vote recommendations for markups in the House Natural Resources Committee.
This person will also be responsible for drafting, introducing, and managing legislation related to his/her issue areas. Additionally, this person will work with fellow staffers to prepare vote recommendations for legislation before the House. This person will work with the Communications Director to draft press releases, editorials, and social media posts related to the aforementioned policy areas.
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 1-2 years legislative-branch, executive-branch, or relevant experience.
Please send a resume and cover letter to anna.dove2@mail.house.gov.
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks a Press Assistant. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, have strong writing skills, and a strong work ethic.
Duties will include, but are not limited to, drafting press releases, statements, and op-eds; staffing Committee hearings and markups; and assisting with
 MEM-566-19
 MEM-555-19
Page 7 of 10

 MEM-512-19
maintenance of the official website and social media platforms. Hill experience and an interest in science policy is a plus.
Qualified applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and sample social media graphic to sciresumes@mail.house.gov with “Press Assistant” in the subject line. We are equal opportunity employers; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
No calls or drop-ins please.
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues, among others. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and professional references. Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
The Office of the Law Revision Counsel—a small, nonpartisan office within the U.S. House of Representatives—seeks an attorney to assist in the editing and publishing of the United States Code, the codification of general and permanent Federal statutory law.
The editorial work needed to maintain the U.S. Code involves a number of tasks, including:
•reading new laws to determine which provisions should appear in the Code and where,
•updating the Code to reflect new law and amendments to existing law, •writing concise editorial notes to explain amendments, effective dates, references within the text to other laws, and a variety of other legislative concepts,
•preparing statutory citations and tables, and •identifying errors in grammar and spelling—
•all while conforming to very strict style guidelines.
In addition to the basic tasks required to integrate new laws into the Code, other duties may be required, such as reviewing drafts of bills to enact titles as
 MEM-462-19
Page 8 of 10

    MEM-428-19
positive law, doing extensive research and editorial work to improve the organization of existing provisions in the Code, and assisting in the continuing modernization of the Office, including support of online and machine readable versions of the Code.
Qualifications
•J.D. degree and attorney license in any U.S. jurisdiction or intention to obtain license within one year.
•At least one year of professional experience in editing or publishing, preferably in the legal field.
•Meticulous attention to detail and dedication to accuracy.
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
•Absolute proficiency in grammar, spelling, and usage.
•Ability to analyze and summarize complex legal issues.
•Ability to identify issues affecting Federal statutes and explain them clearly and concisely within firmly established parameters.
Other conditions to note:
Familiarity with Federal or State statutory law is highly desirable.
This position is better suited to someone able to engage in extended periods of solitary work, often involving tedious and repetitive tasks.
The ability to adhere to, and function comfortably within, established styles and practices is essential.
Please be aware that this is a long-term career position with the Office, not a stepping stone to another position within Congress or the Federal Government.
Applicant Instructions
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter with salary requirements to:
uscodeapplicant@mail.house.gov
Applicants will be evaluated based on the ability to meet the qualifications stated above. Significant weight will be given to the applicant's cover letter. If chosen for an interview, an applicant will be requested to submit a writing sample.
Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com Position Available: Senior Staff Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
 Page 9 of 10

Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills, highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject line.
 Page 10 of 10
