  House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
  MEM-418-15
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 30, 2015
Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) is seeking a Communications Assistant in Washington, D.C., to assist with the Member’s external communications efforts. Responsibilities will include drafting media advisories and press releases; collating daily press clips and morning headlines; creating content for the Member’s social media accounts; graphic design projects; drafting constituent mail and managing the constituent mail program.
The ideal candidate will be creative, have excellent written and oral communication skills, be strongly proficient with digital and social media platforms, be an energetic and a detail-oriented team player able to multi-task and produce high-quality work on tight deadlines. Graphic and/or video editing skills are highly preferred. Michiganders are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail resume, cover letter and two writing samples (no more than 1- page each) to michigan05jobs@gmail.com (subject line should read: Communications Assistant Application). No telephone calls, emails or walk-
 Page 1 of 3

MEM-401-15
ins, please.
The Office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson (D-FL-24) seeks a
Legislative Director with substantive Hill experience and a great personality.
The ideal candidate is very organized, detail-oriented, and able to work in a fast-paced, positive team environment. Candidates must have a complete understanding of floor and committee procedures, possess sharp political and legislative instincts, and be an excellent writer. Applicants should demonstrate the ability to execute legislative plans in close coordination with the district office and the communications team.
Please email a cover letter, resume, references, and writing sample to FL24Applications@gmail.com, with “Legislative Director” in the subject line, by November 30, 2015. Please, no drop bys or phone calls.
Democratic Congressional Oversight Subcommittee is seeking an energetic, thoughtful investigator with outstanding written and oral communications skills. Must be self-motivated, diligent, team player adept at conducting extensive research, quickly summarizing key issues and able to juggle multiple tasks. Investigations include a wide range of subjects including energy and environmental topics and issues that impact federal science, space, and homeland security programs. Strong awareness of environmental and public health issues preferred. Attorneys with oversight experience encouraged to apply. Candidate should be comfortable briefing Members of Congress, interviewing federal officials and writing substantive investigative reports. Ideally, candidate is experienced at uncovering allegations of waste, fraud, abuse and mismanagement and is curious, driven and good natured. Please send a resume and cover letter to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This position will close on December 1, 2015.
New England Democrat seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly- organized Staff Assistant for Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include managing front office operations, overseeing intern program, serving as confidential assistant to Chief of Staff and Member, driving Member to meetings and appointments, supporting Member’s daily activities, providing assistance to scheduling and legislative teams, and other tasks as assigned. Access to a vehicle and a clean driving record is required. New England ties preferred. Applicants should submit cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-bys.
Investigator (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an experienced investigative professional for an investigator position. The Committee’s investigator is responsible for assisting the Committee in all aspects of its investigative work, including researching and reviewing public data sources, forensic research, document review, data collection and
 MEM-379-15
 MEM-368-15
 MEM-354-15
Page 2 of 3

 MEM-331-15
analysis, and preparing for and participating in witness interviews. This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to assist with impartial investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding organizational, research, and analytical skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics, criminal law, civil litigation, administrative investigations and adjudications, depositions, investigative journalism, or financial accounting. Experience with document review/management platforms and/or online research services (Lexis/Nexis, Westlaw, CLEAR) also preferred. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigator” in the subject line.
House Committee Democratic staff seeks a detail-oriented Committee Clerk/ Administrator to handle committee legislative clerk responsibilities as well as office administrator/payroll work. Hill experience strictly required, preferably 2+ years -- this is not an entry-level position. Committee legislative clerk, hearing coordination, or similar experience strongly preferred, familiarity with Congressional payroll and Hill office administrative work a strong plus. Please e-mail your résumé and cover letter to demcommitteejob@mail.house.gov. No phone calls, please.
 Page 3 of 3
