 House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
   MEM-279-19
MEM-277-19
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 1, 2019
Senior Republican Member on Appropriations looking for Communications Director. Ideal candidates should have 3-5 years of Hill experience, strong writing skills, are detailed oriented, and familiar working with the media. Salary commensurate with experience.
Interested applicants should send their cover letter, resume and writing samples to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov
The office of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz is seeking an experienced Policy Advisor/Counsel to support the Member’s legislative priorities in the areas of Defense, Homeland Security, Labor/Trade, Judiciary, and all other relevant legislative and policy work, including related Appropriations Committee assignments.
Responsibilities include advising the Member on all matters in the issue portfolio; developing and advancing legislative proposals; analyzing legislation and drafting vote recommendations and talking points for floor and
 Page 1 of 9

 MEM-264-19
committee proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; and representing the Member before constituents and stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will have a law degree; experience advising a Member of Congress; experience advancing policy proposals; excellent written and verbal communication skills; and enjoy working in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Prior work in another Congressional or Senate office is required.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume and writing sample to FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Policy Advisor/Counsel.” Please save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.”
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Application materials must be received by 12:00pm EST July 12, 2019.
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an experienced, creative and highly motivated Digital Specialist for her Washington, D.C. office. Reporting to the Communications Director, the Digital Specialist is responsible for creating original and creative content (including, but not limited to, videos and graphics) and managing the Congresswoman’s social media channels to further communicate and elevate her agenda and accomplishments.
The ideal candidate will have:
*Social media, graphic design, and video production experience in a legislative office, campaign, political organization or progressive advocacy group;
*Fluency with social media platforms and a nuanced understanding of the current social media landscape and trends;
*Excellent organization and time management skills necessary to work in a fast-paced environment that requires rapid response;
*Strong writing skills and attention to detail;
*A passion for storytelling and social justice.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
*Drafting daily digital content for highly active social media channels; *Serving as the lead graphic designer and video producer/editor for the office; *Tracking social media performance and providing analysis of trends and opportunities for future growth;
Page 2 of 9

 MEM-263-19
*Updating and managing the Congresswoman’s official website; and *Coordinating the creation and distribution of an e-newsletter.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, two writing samples, two graphic design samples, three references, and links to either a reel or samples of video work.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Digital Specialist” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
The Denver district office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is seeking a Constituent Services Representative with superior communication (verbal and writing), customer service, relationship building and problem-solving skills. The ideal candidate will have experience in public service, grants work and/or arts and education. Moreover, the ideal candidate is organized, detail-oriented and resilient in the face of a fast-paced legislative office. The ideal candidate is proactive and comfortable working with diverse staff, community members and constituents.
SUMMARY
The Constituent Services Representative acts as a representative for the Congresswoman in assigned communities and provides casework assistance to constituents in assigned issue areas.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
*Assists constituents by providing information and is capable of researching federal issues, answering questions on federal issues, directing constituents to appropriate state or local governments or community resources.
*Writes memorandums for meetings the Congresswoman has scheduled within assigned areas.
CASEWORK
* Answers casework correspondence, meets with constituents and serves as a liaison with federal, state and local agencies in terms of assigned issue areas. *Controls and processes constituent correspondence and cases in the casework areas as assigned; exercises judgment to determine the best course of action for individual cases.
*Follows district office casework policy and employs appropriate congressional casework tools, programs and resources, logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to casework. *Screens and refers cases, where appropriate, to other congressional district
   Page 3 of 9

offices; continually screens active cases to ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive
manner; maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of importance
to the office.
*Logs-in constituent comments and researches questions on federal policy, law or procedure
in the casework / issue areas as assigned; works with legislative staff in the Washington,
D.C. office on researching issues regarding pending legislation in conjunction with district
office outreach/events.
OUTREACH
*Acts as a liaison to assigned constituency groups to form effective relationships for the
district office; facilitates meetings with federal agencies, constituents, and groups having a
common interest.
*Represents the Congresswoman at meetings/events of assigned constituency groups.
GENERAL DUTIES
*Drives and staffs the Congresswoman for various events, meetings and district office
outreach activities/functions, as needed;
*Meets attendance requirements established by the office; works full-time which
periodically, may include additional hours, nights, and weekends without overtime pay;
works well under pressure and manages stress appropriately;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff and constituents;
*Performs other duties as assigned by the District Director.
SKILLS & KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED
*Ability to perform Essential Job Functions referenced herein;
*Good organizational skills, professional manner and appearance;
*Good communications skills (written and verbal); ability to communicate effectively with
a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner; *Knowledge of Microsoft Office suite; proficiency in word processing and mail-merge;
   Page 4 of 9

   MEM-258-19
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; *Ability to drive a car – valid driver’s license.
WORKING CONDITIONS
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually moderate;
*Work at a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE
*U.S. Citizen; office experience preferred; driver’s license;
*High school or GED required; college degree preferred.
Please send cover letter and resume to degette.employment@mail.house.gov
We are looking to expand the Member's visibility and outreach, resulting in a need for highly diligent, confident candidates with substantial experience for the role of Communications Director. Spanish speaking skills are also important.
The position comes with great responsibility, as our Communications Director is part of the senior staff for the Congressman and responsible for helping in development and promotion of the Member's agenda. All aspects of communications are covered, including but not limited to, televised press conferences, statements to the press, speeches, radio addresses and social media. Experience with graphic design is a plus. The selected individual will also work closely with the entire office team to formulate consistent messaging in district mail pieces, and our 499-program.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid vacation and sick leave, parking or metro benefits, health insurance and retirement -- Plus an awesome work environment! Anyone interested may send their applications to CongressionalOpenJob@gmail.com
The Republican (Minority) staff of the House Committee on Veteran’s Affairs is seeking a full-time press assistant in its Washington office. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: drafting talking points, press releases, speeches, and op-eds; managing the website; updating social media; and compiling and monitoring press clips.
The ideal candidate will possess strong written and verbal communication skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, professionalism, and a good sense of humor. Prior Capitol Hill experience and/ or military service are a plus. Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, references, and three writing samples to var.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Press Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
  MEM-256-19
 Page 5 of 9

MEM-252-19
The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and self-motivated legislative assistant with a background in law to join our Washington, DC-based policy team. The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
Southern California Democrat seeks District Director to oversee all operations of the district offices, including the development and implementation of policy objectives, strategies and operating plans, as well as direct all activities and staff of the district offices. This position is responsible for recruiting, hiring, training, and managing district staff and ensures that district staff complies with office policies, practices, and procedures; represents the Member and/or assigns appropriate staff to do so at events or functions through the district as needed.
Responsibilities include strategizing, developing, and implementing district communications and outreach plan for constituents, including casework management. This individual also serves as the primary liaison between the Congresswoman and constituents and special interest groups in the district; and, acts as an advisor for the Congresswoman on local concerns, district issues and politics, and other developments throughout the region.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of management experience, a strong ability to provide necessary organization, leadership and motivation to manage a Congressional office; excellent oral and written communication skills; and thorough knowledge of the legislative process. The ideal candidate is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing
 MEM-243-19
Page 6 of 9

 MEM-239-19
to work long hours (including evenings and weekends) in a fast-paced and demanding setting. Spanish fluency and Southern California ties are a plus.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing samples to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with just “District Director” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
The House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis is seeking a mid-level professional staff member or counsel to work on climate mitigation policy for the Committee’s Democratic staff. Previous experience (at least three years) working on climate mitigation and decarbonization policy is required.
Responsibilities include planning and staffing congressional hearings, conducting in-depth analysis on policy options for deep decarbonization, writing and editing, and communicating with stakeholders. Successful candidates will be detail-oriented and possess strong communication and writing skills. Advanced degree preferred but not required for all positions, as experience in climate policy may be equally relevant.
Salary commensurate with skills and experience. Please send resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Counsel/Professional Staff” in the subject line. The Committee is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. No calls, please.
Senior Democratic Texas Member seeks an experienced Communications Director based in Washington, D.C. Congressional office. This position will plan and execute a proactive earned media and digital constituent outreach strategy. This is a senior staff role requiring a minimum of 3 years of previous Hill or political communications experience.
The Communications Director will require a tremendous amount of writing, and the aptitude to oversee all press and communications responsibilities. Candidates should be proactive, detail-oriented and have demonstrated experience in national, local, and digital media. This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities Overview:
•Develop strong relationships with local/national media; know local TV media markets, radio stations, and newspapers to elevate Member’s profile on key issues
•Work closely with district team to plan messaging and plan local press
 MEM-238-19
 Page 7 of 9

  MEM-235-19
events in the district
•Develop and execute communications strategies for the office using best practices
•Write talking points, press releases, op-eds, speeches, and more
•Book and prepare member for interviews
•Produce a weekly communications report for the Congressman and provide regular communications updates to staff
•Create and oversee digital communications outreach including e-newsletter, website, and social media platforms
Necessary Qualities:
•Political savvy
•Exceptional self-starter
•Creative/forward thinking
•Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills •Able to meet tight deadlines
•Detail oriented •Team player •Flexible schedule
Communications Director is expected to have a close working relationship with the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s media team. Dallas ties are preferred, but not necessary. Occasional district travel may be necessary.
Equal Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and three sample writings to TX30.Jobs@gmail.com “Communications Director” in the subject line. No walk-ins or calls please.
Seeking an Executive Assistant/Scheduler for the DC office. This is not an entry level position. The ideal candidate will be a seasoned, experienced professional with the ability to manage all aspects of the Member’s DC and district schedule, including travel arrangements and logistics. The Executive Assistant/Scheduler will handle all incoming scheduling requests and strategically manage the daily and long-term schedule to ensure efficient and seamless operations.
Applicants should have a strong work ethic, ability to manage competing demands, excellent time management and organization skills, and ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Salary is commensurate with experience. Please send cover letter and resume to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov
 Page 8 of 9

MEM-230-19
Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of Counsel in the Office of Advice and Education. The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are responsible for reviewing financial disclosure statements, providing a high volume of ethics advice, education, and training to Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics; ethics counseling and training; corporate finance; securities law; employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; and criminal law. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the subject line.
Representative Sylvia R. Garcia seeks a motivated Staff Assistant. The ideal candidate would be a proactive self-starter, detail-oriented, and have excellent oral and written communication skills in both Spanish and English. Responsibilities include driving the Member to the airport and events, welcoming office visitors, answering telephone calls, coordinating flag and tour requests, managing the intern program as well as other administrative duties as assigned. Texas ties are a plus but are not required. Applicants must have a legally registered vehicle and a valid driver’s license.
Position can involve work at night and on weekends.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume and two writing samples in a single PDF with the subject line “Staff Assistant” to TX29SG.Resumes@mail.house.gov
 MEM-229-19
 Page 9 of 9
