 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 7, 2019
 MEM-010-19
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for Summer 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please. Applications must be received by COB March 1st. To apply, email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and cover letter listing your availability to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-008-19
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming spring semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases, answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political
 Page 1 of 20

process and congressional affairs. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to PA13.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “ Your Name – DC Internship Application” OR “ Your Name – DISTRICT Internship Application” in the subject line. Please note which office you will be applying with in the subject line.
  MEM-004-19
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Mark Amodei (NV-02) is currently seeking intern applications for the Spring 2019 session which includes January through May. Responsibilities include: answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours, attending committee hearings, and performing various other tasks based on skills and interests. A qualified applicant will possess excellent oral and written communications skills and a willingness to work on a variety of tasks. Nevada ties preferred but not required. Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume to: Nevada02.Interns@gmail.com
   MEM-003-19
Capitol Hill internships provide valuable opportunities for college students and new graduates to experience our nation's legislative process first hand. The majority of current Hill staffers, from chiefs of staff to legislative assistants, started off as personal office and committee interns.
Representative Mark Amodei (NV-02) offers the opportunity for college students and recent graduates to participate in internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Successful candidates must have excellent organizational, personal, writing and communication skills. Nevada ties are a plus, but are not required. Special consideration will be given to applicants from Nevada’s 2nd Congressional District or students attending institutions of higher education in Nevada.
Internships can be a great opportunity to learn the legislative process, experience life in Washington, D.C., and see how your government works. Responsibilities include answering phones, providing constituents tours of the U.S. Capitol, legislative research, assisting the communications director, and aiding staff for special projects as needed. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend committee hearings, briefings, and staff meetings. This rewarding experience offers students and recent graduates the opportunity to learn about and contribute to the day-to-day operations of a Congressional office. Furthermore, full-time interns may have to opportunity to receive a monthly stipend.
Internships are offered three times per year. We offer a rolling application, meaning we continually accept applications.
If you are interested in interning in our Washington, D.C. office, please submit your resume and cover letter to Congressman Mark Amodei’s intern coordinator
 Page 2 of 20

at: Jessica.Kleitsch@mail.house.gov
  MEM-002-19
The Office of Congressman Anthony G. Brown (D-MD04) seeks legislative interns with excellent oral and written communication skills for Spring 2019 in the Washington, D.C. Office. Responsibilities include compiling research on bills and various issue areas, attending committee hearings and briefings, drafting correspondence and memos, and completing other projects and duties as assigned by the legislative team. Applicants must be able to work both in a group setting and independently. Candidates should have strong organizational skills, a positive attitude and a willingness to learn. Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and a writing sample to both hannah.cooper@mail.house.gov and ann.mathew@mail.house.gov with “MD04 Spring Internship” in the subject line. Maryland ties preferred, but not required. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
   MEM-001-19
Rep.-elect Antonio Delgado (NY-19) is seeking applicants for a full-time press internship for Winter/Spring 2019. Applicants will ideally be available to work from 8:30 am - 4:30 pm Monday-Friday. Responsibilities will include tracking press coverage, monitoring and drafting social media content, updating and maintaining press contact lists, writing press releases, and other research duties as needed. New York ties are a plus. Please send your resume and cover letter with the subject line "Press Internship" to pressresumesny19@gmail.com as soon as possible, but no later than close of business on Tuesday, January 8th.
  MEM-514-18
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks a Communications Intern to assist with the Committee’s press operations. Additionally, this intern will be critical to the daily operation of the office and assist with standard administrative duties. The ideal candidate will be detail- oriented, creative, able to work under tight deadlines, reliable, and have excellent writing and communications skills. Familiarity with social media is strongly desired.
This is a paid, full-time position. Please send resume, cover letter, and writing sample to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov with “Communications Intern” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
  MEM-503-18
The Office of Congressman Ralph Norman (SC-5) is currently seeking interns for Spring and Summer 2019 in our Washington D.C. office. Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable and hold strong written and verbal communication skills. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, attending Congressional hearings, assisting the legislative staff, and participating in a
 Page 3 of 20

legislative project. Internships are unpaid. Successful candidates will be mature, personable, detail-oriented, and self-starters. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. South Carolina ties preferred. Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter, and availability to Kimberly.Hammond@mail.house.gov
  MEM-502-18
Congressman Bill Posey (FL-08) is currently seeking highly motivated and organized applicants for part-time or full-time internships for the Spring of 2019. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, attention to detail, and a positive attitude. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, constituent correspondence, legislative research, and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to FL08.Internships@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-501-18
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Frank Lucas (OK-3) is seeking candidates for full-time internships for Spring of 2018. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings, and working on special projects. Oklahoma ties are preferred, but not required. Please send your resume and cover letter to mitchell.wilkinson@mail.house.gov, with "Internship Application" in the subject line.
  MEM-500-18
The office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton is seeking motivated and hard-working high school and college students for fall internships. Although internships are unpaid, students will gain valuable work experience in a fast- paced congressional office. If you are an undergraduate, a recent graduate, or a graduate student who is passionate about public policy, politics and serving District of Columbia constituents, our internship program offers a unique opportunity for growth, learning, and participation in meaningful work. We are looking for people who are dependable, enthusiastic, and professional.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral and written communication skills, responsible, dependable, and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them. Tasks include and are not limited to the following: Preparing constituent correspondence, data entry, project management and helping maintain the efficient day-to-day operations of an active Congressional office.
 Page 4 of 20

If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
For more information on Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, please visit her website at https://norton.house.gov/
   MEM-497-18
“The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications for the 2019 Spring Semester. This is a full time internship that requires a flexible schedule and knowledge of House Democrats. Our internship term runs from January through April. Interns will assist with the setup of weekly Caucus meetings, Member outreach, legislative work, and press services. Caucus interns will also handle front office duties such as answering phones, operating/managing letter folding program, coordinating Capitol tours, and greeting visitors to name a few. Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude, great work ethic, and have the flexibility to work some early/late caucus meetings. Candidates with prior Hill experience, great writing skills and strong familiarity with House Democrats are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2019 Democratic Caucus Spring Internship” in the subject line.”
  MEM-496-18
“Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) is seeking applications for internship positions available in his Washington, D.C. office. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. This internship provides a great opportunity to gain experience working in a Congressional office and get a first-hand look at the legislative process.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, supporting legislative and communications activities, helping with front office operations, assisting with constituent relations, and giving tours of the Capitol. Candidates should be self- starters with excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask effectively and think critically, attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative and governmental process.
This internship presents an excellent opportunity for college students and recent graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter to CA34.internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line.”
  Page 5 of 20

MEM-495-18
Congressman Tom Marino (PA-10) is seeking full-time, unpaid Legislative Interns for Spring 2019 in his Washington, DC office. Interns will assist with legislative and administrative work by attending briefings, answering phones, conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative research, among other tasks. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Pennsylvania and District ties are preferred, but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please. To apply, please complete the form on our website: https://marino.house.gov/services/internships.
  MEM-493-18
“The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications for the 2019 Spring Semester. This is a full time internship that requires a flexible schedule and knowledge of House Democrats. Our internship term runs from January through April. Interns will assist with the setup of weekly Caucus meetings, Member outreach, legislative work, and press services. Caucus interns will also handle front office duties such as answering phones, operating/managing letter folding program, coordinating Capitol tours, and greeting visitors to name a few. Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude, great work ethic, and have the flexibility to work some early/late caucus meetings. Candidates with prior Hill experience, great writing skills and strong familiarity with House Democrats are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2019 Democratic Caucus Spring Internship” in the subject line.”
  MEM-492-18
The Office of Congressman-Elect David Trone (MD-06) is currently seeking highly qualified students or recent graduates for the position of Intern. Opportunities will be available in our Capitol Hill Office or one of our District Offices, located in Gaithersburg, Frederick, Hagerstown, and Cumberland.
Interns are an integral part of the team and are given substantial opportunities to learn and grow in a fast-paced and active office. Interns will gain experience in constituent outreach, casework, legislative research, and office management. The ideal candidate will be professional, responsible, and friendly. Candidates should be organized, eager to learn, able to work both individually and as part of a team, perform well under pressure, and adapt to rapidly changing situations.
Qualifications:
-Proficiency in Microsoft Windows and Office Suite
-Good written and oral communication skills
-Ability to work cooperatively and courteously in a team environment -Commitment to providing excellent constituent service
-Be able to complete Internet-based research on a variety of topics -Knowledge of voter or constituent databases a plus
 Page 6 of 20

-A positive, can-do attitude and a willingness to learn
We encourage anyone to apply, but preference will be given to applicants who live in or go to school in Maryland's 6th Congressional District. We ask candidates to work a minimum of 16 hours per week and give a 10-week minimum commitment. Specific start and end dates as well as the weekly schedule are negotiable.
To apply, send resume and cover letter to MD06.Intern@gmail.com. Please indicate in the subject line which office is preferred.
  MEM-486-18
The Office of Congressman Matt Gaetz (R-FL) is seeking an Military/National Security Intern for immediate placement/spring semester in Washington, DC office. Although this internship is unpaid, students gain invaluable national security experience. A national security intern’s responsibilities are varied but substantive. They will be asked to answer phones, research national security legislation for the MLA, and attend hearings and briefings. Congressman Gaetz serves on the Armed Services Committee and represents the largest military district in the country. Interns will be able to get a broad perspective on the Air Force, The Army, The Navy, The State Department, and other national security related appendages of the government. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Students will leave the internship with a greater understanding of how a Congressional office works, how constituent relationships are forged and maintained, and how the legislative process works. Students should be highly motivated, ready to learn, and eager to work in a fast- paced environment. Please apply by emailing your resume cover letter to fl.1st.intern.applications@gmail.com
  MEM-485-18
Press Intern, Rep.-elect Antonio Delgado (NY-19)
Rep.-elect Antonio Delgado (NY-19) is seeking applicants for a full-time press internship for Winter/Spring 2019. Applicants must be available to work from 8:30 am - 4:30 pm Monday-Friday. Responsibilities will include tracking press coverage, monitoring and drafting social media content, updating and maintaining press contact lists, writing press releases, and other research duties as needed. New York ties are a plus. Please send your resume and cover letter with the subject line "Press Internship" to pressresumesny19@gmail.com as soon as possible, but no later than close of business on Tuesday, December 18th.
  Page 7 of 20

    MEM-467-18
Congressman Vern Buchanan is looking for looking for full time, unpaid interns for his Washington DC office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible and detailed oriented with immediate availability. Florida ties are a plus but not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phones, leading Capitol tours, upkeeping mail databases, writing memo’s, and assigned duties from full time staff. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills.
Please email your resume, available start date, and weekly availability to
housegopinternshipFL@outlook.com
   MEM-458-18
“The Office of Rep. Costa (D-CA) is seeking a press intern to assist in a fast- paced and active communication department for Spring 2019. Qualified candidates with academic or professional experience in politics, an interest and skillset in communication or media, and excel at writing, editing, and social media content creation are encouraged to apply. California ties are a plus. The press intern must be able to work at least 4 days a week, 9am-6pm; the position will begin January 3rd.
Intern duties may include:
-Compiling daily press and news clips
-Assisting with media monitoring and building press lists
-Drafting press materials
-Developing social media content and graphics
-Conducting research for the Communication Director and legislative staffers
Applicant must be detail-oriented and able to work under deadline pressure. Please send a one-page résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to CaliforniaModerate@gmail.com. This office is an equal opportunity employer.”
  MEM-455-18
House Judiciary Committee Democrats is looking for interns who can assist in executing an aggressive communications strategy. Candidates should have a strong interest in both public relations and public policy. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills and strong research, writing, and communication skills. Ideal candidates are college students, recent graduates, or graduate students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
 Page 8 of 20

 Primary Duties:
·Assisting with committee hearings, press conferences, panels, forums, and other events
·Drafting social media content (i.e. facebook, twitter, instagram, medium) ·Taking photos of and recording events
·Managing press lists, including creating issue-specific press lists ·Compiling press clips
Please send a resume and cover letter to JudPressIntern@mail.house.gov. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
 MEM-453-18
The Office of Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (NE-01) is accepting applications for a motivated and hardworking Capitol Hill intern in our Washington, DC office. The PAID internship is full-time with room for growth.
Interns are responsible for politely greeting front office guests, professionally answering calls, enthusiastically leading Capitol Tours for Nebraskans, assisting the scheduler and staff assistants with administrative office duties, and assisting the communications team with special projects. Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic, attention to detail, strong writing abilities, and thrive in fast- paced environments.
Interested applicants should send a resume with references and two writing samples, a cover letter addressed to the Congressman detailing why you want to work for him, and the ideal start and end date with the subject line “Fortenberry Internship” to Diana.Shin@mail.house.gov. Nebraska ties a strong plus.
  MEM-452-18
Internship – Spring 2019
Office of Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro
The office of Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro is accepting applications for the Spring 2019 internship program in the Washington, DC office. Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude. Intern responsibilities include supporting legislative and press staff, attending hearings and briefings, answering constituent phone calls, leading US Capitol tours, organizing constituent mail, greeting office visitors, and various ad hoc projects. For application information, please visit https://delauro.house.gov/services/internships. Please email your completed application to Lisa.Ghaffari@mail.house.gov.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military, disability or sexual orientation.
   Page 9 of 20

 MEM-451-18
The Office of Rep. Quigley (D-IL) is seeking a press intern to assist in fast- paced and active communications operation for Spring 2019. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience in politics; an interest and established skill set in communications or media; can work on short deadlines; and excel at writing, editing, event support, and social media content creation. Graphic design/video editing experience preferred.
Intern duties include:
-Compiling daily press and news clips
-Assisting with media monitoring and building press lists
-Drafting press materials and pitching press event
-Developing social media content and graphics
-Conducting research for the Director of Communications and legislative staffers
The press intern must be able to work at least 4 days a week, 9am-6pm; the position will likely begin January 3rd. Interested applicants should send their resume and cover letter to Tara.Vales@mail.house.gov.
    MEM-450-18
Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is currently seeking interns for the Winter/Spring Term for his Washington D.C. office. Candidates must be self- starters, detail oriented, have excellent writing and communication skills, and be able to multi-task. The internship involves researching legislative issues, assisting with incoming mail, attending lectures and hearings, giving Capitol tours, working with legislative staff on special projects and assisting with other general office duties. Please note that this is an unpaid internship, if you are seeking college credit our office would be happy to assist in that. California ties a plus. Please email your cover letter and resume to paige.boogaard@mail.house.gov with Winter Term in the subject line.
      MEM-444-18
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time and energetic interns to start in January. The interns will work with staff to prepare materials for committee meetings, process incoming amendments to bills, conduct research projects, answer phones, and complete a variety of other administrative tasks.
Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work ethic, an interest in learning about House floor procedures, and are detail-oriented. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks. Interested candidates should submit a cover letter and resume to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov.
  Page 10 of 20

We are an equal opportunity employer that welcomes diverse applicants. A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop- ins please.
 MEM-435-18
Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the winter/spring semester of 2019. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.Hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and resume. Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted for consideration.
   MEM-433-18
The leaders of the Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition—a 57-member caucus focused on energy and environmental policy—are looking for a fellow to help serve caucus offices during the spring of 2019. The fellow would help lead caucus policy initiatives, help facilitate SEEC’s communications work, and help manage SEEC events including member meetings, staff meetings and policy briefings. During their time with the caucus, this fellow would have the opportunity to build relationships with 57 plus member offices and off-Hill organizations that work in the energy and environmental space, among other connections. The experience will give this person an inside look at policy development and a better understanding of how Congress works, in addition to expanding the fellow’s Hill network.
The fellow would be placed in the Washington DC office of a Member of Congress serving in SEEC leadership. The fellow would need to be able to serve from January through May of 2019, but could arrange to stay longer or start earlier. An earlier start date would benefit the fellow by allowing training time and planning experience ahead of the 116th Congress, better allowing the fellow to hit the ground running in January 2019. If interested, please submit a resume and cover letter to the below noted email address. Currently this position is unpaid.
 Page 11 of 20

For more information or to submit an application, please email SEECFellow@mail.house.gov with the subject line “SEEC Fellowship Opportunity”.
    MEM-427-18
The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is seeking a digital/press intern who can assist in executing an aggressive communications strategy. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills and strong research, writing, and communication skills. Ideal candidates are college students, recent graduates, or graduate students with experience using the Adobe Suite – especially Adobe Premiere. Graphic design and photography experience are a plus. Start date is early January.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Primary Duties:
· Assisting with graphic design, video production, video editing
· Drafting social media content (i.e. facebook, twitter, instagram) ·Taking photos of and recording events
· Managing press lists, including creating issue-specific press lists · Compiling press clips, assisting with other Comms Shop projects
Please email a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to nyinterns18@gmail.com with the subject line “PRESS INTERNSHIP” by December 2nd.
  MEM-426-18
The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is seeking both full and part time legislative interns for SPRING 2019. Start date in January and applicants must be a college sophomore or higher.
Typical tasks include answering phones, drafting letters, attending briefings and writing memos, guiding Capitol Tours, batching constituent mail, and assisting staff with various special projects. Successful interns must be professional, self- motivated, eager to learn, work well under pressure, and detail-oriented. An interest in politics and a positive attitude is a must! NY ties are preferred but not required.
This internship provides invaluable professional experience, daily interaction with Capitol Hill staff and officials, and the opportunity to be at the center of American politics. Optional academic credit is also available.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
 Page 12 of 20

Applicants should email a cover letter and resume to nyinterns18@gmail.com with the subject line “LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP” by December 2nd.
     MEM-421-18
The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Spring 2019. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our internship program begins in August until the end of December. First priority will be given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter, a short writing sample (1-2 pages) and work availability with the subject line “D.C Spring 2019 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus but are not required.
  MEM-420-18
Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA-02), is currently hiring spring interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: maintaining the front office, greeting visitors, processing constituent correspondence, writing letters, attending hearings and briefings, and answering the main office phone line. Interns will have the opportunity to learn about the legislative process and the federal government by working closely with legislative, communications and constituent services staff members. Candidates should be current or recent college students, regardless of major but with an interest in Congress and the legislative process. Full time availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are encouraged to apply as well.
To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. Please include any Iowa connections in the body of the email. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
  MEM-417-18 CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• To assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties and other office errands.
• To assist the legislative team by drafting memoranda on legislation, votes, research projects, and an assigned policy proposal.
 Page 13 of 20

QUALIFICATIONS:
• Good oral and written communication skills;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; • Good organizational skills; and
• Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
• Hawai‘i ties preferred, but not required.
• Prior Hill experience a plus
DUTIES:
• Performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available resources);
• Answers the telephones, and sorts and distributes mail;
• Attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
• Performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests, including names and addresses of constituents;
• Drafts memoranda on vote recommendations, cosponsor requests for legislation, and other research projects as assigned;
• Creates a policy proposal for a bill with the help of legislative staff; and
• Performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
Patrick.Koetzle@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-416-18
The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking full- time interns for Spring of 2019 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates will be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required. Email resumes and availability to patrick.konrath@mail.house.gov.
   MEM-414-18
The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated, personable and professional legislative intern for the Spring 2019 session. Tasks include answering the phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail, addressing constituent concerns, attending briefings and supporting legislative staff as needed. Serving as an intern in a Congressional office is an exciting opportunity! Our interns are provided with first hand experiences and gain invaluable insight
 Page 14 of 20

into the legislative process, the importance of casework and the value of constituent and community outreach.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing skills, who pay close attention to detail, and digital media expertise. Successful candidates would spend 25-40 hours per week interning in the DC office. Maryland ties a plus.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume and a list of references to employment@mail.house.gov. If you have further questions, please call the Intern Coordinator at (202)225-4016.
  MEM-413-18
The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a Spring 2019 press intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation starting in January 2019. Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing, event planning, social media, graphic design, and photography skills, and be able to work on tight deadlines. Selected candidate will also be expected to perform standard administrative duties.
Intern responsibilities include:
- Social media content development - Event photography
- Compiling press clips
- Clipping videos
- Creating graphics
- Drafting press releases
- Answering phones
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, a 1-3 page writing sample and dates of availability to
GwenMoorePress.Moore@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship” in the subject field.
  MEM-412-18
The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) seeks a Press Intern for the spring semester of 2019 in the Washington, DC office. Primary responsibilities will include: compiling and distributing daily news clips, media monitoring, drafting graphics, social media content, press releases, and floor speeches. Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills as well as the ability to work under tight deadlines. Hawaii ties are preferred, but not required. Please send a resume, brief cover letter, two short writing samples, and availability to Lauren.Mcilvaine@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press Intern” by November 30.
  Page 15 of 20

MEM-409-18
A North Carolina Congresswoman is seeking four to five Spring 2019 interns for a Congressional Internship Program in DC. Interns will have access to the various functions of a congressional office including administration, legislative, and communications. You will have opportunities to learn about the legislative process, work with constituents, and work with our communications team. Diverse applicants are encouraged to apply.
RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: • Administration
o Managing constituency,
o Answering and logging phone calls,
o Managing and logging incoming and outgoing mail. o Tours and greeting constituents
• Legislative
o Policy research and writing
o Research various policies both within and out of priorities. o Write draft memos for the legislative team
o Attend legislative briefings and conduct written reports
• Communications
o Draft tweets, talking points, social media posts.
o Assist in the creation of flyers.
o Work closely with Press Fellow and Press Secretary
• Other responsibilities as needed.
To apply please send a resume, a writing sample, and a list of references to NChousejobs@gmail.com. In the subject line please put the following: "Internship Application for Spring 2019".
  MEM-408-18
U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ), member of the Ways and Means Committee, seeks spring semester interns for his Washington, DC office. This internship term runs from January through May. Duties include sorting and processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting our press team, and drafting constituent correspondence. Ties to New Jersey are strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the Ways and Means Committee and as the Ranking Member on the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade. He holds a leadership position on the Democratic Steering and Policy Committee. This internship is an opportunity to work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. We are very open to interns working in the areas that interest them most and taking on increasing responsibility as the summer progresses. Interested applicants should send a
 Page 16 of 20

resume and cover letter to Christopher Hadad Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov). All applications are due by November 30th, 2018.
  MEM-407-18
Congressman Vern Buchanan is looking for looking for full time, unpaid interns for his Washington DC office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible and detailed oriented with immediate availability. Florida ties are a plus but not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phones, leading Capitol tours, upkeeping mail databases, writing memo’s, and assigned duties from full time staff. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills.
Please email your resume, available start date, and weekly availability to
housegopinternshipFL@outlook.com.
  MEM-406-18
The office of Congressman Jim Costa (D-CA) is currently seeking an unpaid Intern for the Winter/Spring Semester. This is an excellent opportunity for college students or recent graduates who want Hill experience. Interns will be expected to assist legislative staff, while also performing administrative tasks such as answering phones, sorting mail, etc. Individuals who are motivated, dependable, and have good communication skills are encouraged to apply. Potential schedules may be determined upon interview, but a minimum commitment of 32 hours per week is requested. Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, and responsible, possess the ability to multi-task and a good sense of humor is always a plus. California ties are preferred but not required. Please send your resume, cover letter, a writing sample (no more than 3 pages), and your dates of availability to californiamoderate@gmail.com.
              Page 17 of 20

                     MEM-359-18
The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently seeking undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for the Spring of 2019. Specifically, we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the education policy team and graduate and legal interns and fellows for the labor policy team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips. Applicants should be able to start in January and commit through April/May. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship applicant information form to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. If you are applying for a graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short, relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Applicants should aim to submit their materials by November 2, 2018.
         Page 18 of 20

                         MEM-316-18
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office in August. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests. Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
  Page 19 of 20

 Page 20 of 20
