 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://ww w. ho us e .gov/conte nt/ jo bs /
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week ofSeptember30, 2019
 MEM-468-19
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks a full-time, paid Communications Intern for the fall/winter. Responsibilities include updating and maintaining the website, creating social media content and graphics, drafting press releases and op-eds, and compiling and tracking media coverage.
Additionally, this intern is critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, creative, reliable, and have excellent writing and communications skills. Familiarity with social media and website development is strongly desired. An interest in science policy is a plus.
Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and social media graphic sample to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov with “Communications Intern” in the subject. Please include your approximate dates of availability. No calls or drop-ins please.
  MEM-465-19 The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for one full-time intern for the Fall 2019 semester. Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff briefings,
 Page 1 of 10

performing legislative and policy research, drafting memoranda and other written materials, and a variety of other tasks.
Candidates should be team-oriented, resourceful, upbeat people who have skills beyond research and require little supervision. This internship is open to undergraduates (rising seniors and above), recent graduates, and Master’s and law students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page resume and cover letter to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “Fall 2019 Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
  MEM-463-19
Congressman Mark Walker of North Carolina (NC-06) is seeking full-time interns for the Fall 2019 session in our Washington, D.C. office. The fall session will end on December 20th, but flexibility can be offered. Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who pay close attention to detail, work well under deadlines, have a strong work ethic, and are interested in the legislative process. Strong communication skills are a must.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, attending Congressional hearings and briefings, assisting the legislative staff, and completing legislative projects in a timely manner. Ties to North Carolina are preferred but not required.
To apply, please e-mail resume and cover letter to Kyle.McKay@mail.house.gov. with “Fall Intern” in the subject line.
  MEM-461-19
The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting applications for full-time internships for the fall 2019 session. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced front office, answering phones, and greeting visitors.
Responsibilities also include assisting staff with hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic, team player attitude. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred. Note that Committee internships are unpaid positions.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to: var.internship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
  Page 2 of 10

MEM-459-19
The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking Fall 2019 interns for our Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall Intern” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
  MEM-455-19
The Office of Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur seeks a highly motivated Legislative Fellow to assist DC office in development and execution of policy and legislative strategy on a broad range of issues.
Responsibilities of the Fellow will include contributions to hearings and conduct relevant research; to staff meetings and attend briefings; conduct research, prepare questions, and help draft materials for the Member, including legislation. The position will also require occasional administrative duties. A candidate who is willing to be a team-player and assist with any project asked will best excel in this position. Candidates must possess strong communication (oral and written), writing, research, and time management skills.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to Courtney.Hruska@mail.house.gov with “Kaptur Fellow” in the subject line. This fellowship will come with a stipend and is for the remainder of 2019, with the possibility of extension into 2020. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
  MEM-454-19
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) seeks a paid intern to work Monday, Wednesday and Friday 9am-6pm. This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fast-paced office. Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Q ua lif ic a t io n s :
•Applicants must have a demonstrated interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
•Ideal candidates will be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional with strong communication and writing skills.
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
 Page 3 of 10

Responsibilities:
•Assists with office administrative tasks, including sorting incoming mail,
greeting visitors, and answering the phone.
•Attends briefings, hearings, and special events for legislative staff.
•Writes constituent response letters and conducts legislative research on behalf of the Member and legislative staff.
•Leads tours of the U.S. Capitol building and assists with other constituent services.
•Hours: Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, 9-6pm.
•Start/end date: As soon as possible through December 2019.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to
C o he n. I nt e r ns h i p s @ ma i l. ho us e . go v
  MEM-453-19
The House Judiciary Committee Democratic staff are looking for interns for the spring semester. The House Committee on the Judiciary’s staff internship program offers undergraduate students, law students, graduate students, and recent graduates an opportunity to experience the operation of a congressional committee firsthand and learn about the important role that our Committee plays in the legislative process.
The Judiciary Committee has jurisdiction over a wide range of legislative and oversight issues, including oversight of the U.S. Department of Justice, constitutional law, federal criminal law, voting rights, immigration and naturalization, intellectual property law, and antitrust law. The committee will be providing stipends to spring interns, with additional funds provided to interns with additional demonstrated financial need.
Intern assignments will vary depending on the work of the Judiciary Committee each semester. Examples of potential responsibilities include:
•Researching policy issues under the committee’s jurisdiction
•Conducting legal research
•Attending briefings and hearings on the Hill
•Drafting memos
•Supporting committee counsels
•Supporting committee clerks and professional staff members •Providing administrative support, including answering calls, delivering correspondence, and setting up the hearing room.
The Committee strives to ensure that our internship class reflects the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. The deadline to apply for the spring semester is October 1, 2019. To learn more and apply, click here
(https://j ud ic ia r y. ho use. go v/ int er ns hips).
  Page 4 of 10

 MEM-452-19
House Judiciary Committee Democrats is looking for interns who can assist in executing an aggressive communications strategy. Candidates should have a strong interest in both public relations and public policy. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills and strong research, writing, and communication skills. Ideal candidates are college students, recent graduates, or graduate students. The Judiciary Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Primary Duties:
Assisting with committee hearings, press conferences, panels, forums, and other events
Drafting social media content (i.e. facebook, twitter, instagram, medium)
Taking photos of and recording events
Managing press lists, including creating issue-specific press lists
Compiling press clips
Please send a resume and cover letter to JudPressIntern@mail.house.gov. Please note that House Judiciary Committee Democrats Communications Interns will be provided a stipend for their work.
  MEM-449-19
Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking applicants for full-time internships for the Fall of 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist with legislative and administrative work by attending briefings, answering phones, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative research, among other tasks. Kansas ties are preferred, but are not required.
If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to
K S 0 4 D C . I n t e r n A p p l i c a t i o n @ ma i l . h o u s e . g o v
  MEM-447-19
Congressman Anthony Gonzalez’s Washington DC office is currently accepting Full-Time Paid Internship Applicants for the Fall Semester. Recent graduates interested in learning more about our country’s legislative and communicative process are encouraged to apply. Interns will be responsible for providing Capitol tours, legislative research, answering phone calls, and attending Congressional events like briefings, hearings, and meetings. Ohio ties are preferred but not required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume to Brendan at
brendan.otoole@ ma il. ho use. go v
     applications for a full-time Spring internship. Ideal candidates will possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol
M EM -446-19
The Office of the Representative Linda Sánchez is currently accepting
Page 5 of 10

tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Spring Internship” in the subject line. The application deadline is Friday, November 18th.
  MEM-443-19
The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform is seeking energetic and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time internships. The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research, drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes. Law students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee counsel and staff. Background: The Oversight and Reform Committee is the primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate any matter at any time.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the office full time are preferred. Applications:
Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a cover letter and resume to OversightJobs@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
  MEM-441-19
Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Fall 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required.
 Page 6 of 10

To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to:
J o hnny . A la ve z @ ma i l . ho us e . go v
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; •good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests, including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant infor mat io n;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor
  MEM-438-19
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Mike Quigley (IL-05) is seeking a highly motivated press intern to join an active communications team for a full- time fall internship. Responsibilities will include drafting social media content, distributing morning press clips, assisting the Communications Director with drafting press releases and other written materials, and other responsibilities as needed. The press intern will also complete traditional Congressional intern tasks including answering phones, leading Capitol tours, and staffing the front desk as needed.
Ideal candidates will have ties to Chicago or Illinois and previous digital or campaign experience. Women, LGBT, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume and cover letter to Victoria.Oms@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press Intern.”
  MEM-434-19
Chicago based Democrat Mike Quigley (IL-05) is seeking interns for the fall semester in his Washington, DC office to start immediately. Candidates should possess an interest in the legislative process, excellent writing and communication skills, and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative team to conduct research, draft letters and policy memos. Responsibilities also include answering
 Page 7 of 10

phone calls, drafting constituent correspondence, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, and related administrative work. Interns will have the opportunity to attend briefings, hearings, and other legislative events.
Individuals with Chicago ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified candidates should email their cover letters and resumes to Isabella.Spinozzi@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Internship Application.”
   MEM-432-19
The Democratic Majority of the Committee on Rules is seeking a full-time press intern for the upcoming semester (January-May). Opportunities will include compiling daily press clips, working collaboratively to generate creative and engaging content for digital platforms, and assisting communications staff with the creation of additional materials as needed.
Ideal candidate is a politically savvy, detail-oriented, and creative self-starter who is familiar with graphic and/or video design, with an interest in learning about House procedure. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please. Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and diverse candidates, those with untraditional backgrounds, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send both a resume and brief cover letter with the subject line: Press Intern Spring 2020 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to join, in particular, the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov. Please save requested documents in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” The deadline to apply is October 14, 2019.
  MEM-431-19
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic interns for the upcoming semester (January – May). Our interns work closely with Committee staff to prepare materials for Committee meetings, process incoming amendments to bills, conduct research projects, answer phones, learn about the Rules of the House and the special-order process, and complete a variety of other administrative tasks.
Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work ethic, an interest in learning about House floor procedures, and are detail-oriented. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please. Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
 Page 8 of 10

 Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line: Legislative Intern Spring 2020 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to join the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov. Please save requested documents in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” The deadline to apply is October 14, 2019.
  MEM-427-19
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a full or part-time press intern. Responsibilities include but are not limited to compiling press clips, photographing hearings, writing social media copy, and other tasks as needed by the Communications team. Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills as well as a desire to help veterans and learn about the House and legislative process.
Submit a resume and cover letter to veterans.internships@mail.house.gov. Please include in your cover letter how many days a week you would be available to intern as well as your preferred start and end dates. Student veterans preferred, but not required. Internships are unpaid.
  MEM-424-19 California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office, intern responsibilities will vary.
Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Internships are paid and the office will provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to CAGOPInternship@ gma il.co m
  MEM-416-19
The Democratic Staff on the House Education and Labor Committee seeks a health care intern/fellow. This position will work on the health team. Candidates should have familiarity with health policy, including the Affordable Care Act. Knowledge of other statutes and policies within the Committee’s jurisdiction and how they impact health and human services policy is preferred. Prior Hill experience or policy experience is also preferred.
Tasks will include supporting the development of legislation regarding health policy, conducting issue and legislative research, and preparing written materials
 Page 9 of 10

and legislative analyses. Applicants should be available to start in September 2019 and commit through December 2019.
To apply, applicants must submit the internship applicant information form (https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships/form), a resume and a short writing sample. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply. Please email resume and writing sample to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov with "Health Policy Intern/Fellow" in the subject line.
         Page 10 of 10
