 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-101-18
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 19, 2018
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming summer semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases, answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to MaryBeth.Hervig@mail.house.gov with “Name - Internship Application” in the subject line.
The Office of the Representative Linda Sánchez is currently accepting applications for a full-time internship this summer. Ideal candidates will possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and
 MEM-099-18
Page 1 of 11

 MEM-098-18
assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and dates of availability to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA38 Internship” in the subject line.
Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) is seeking applications
for internship positions available in his Washington, D.C. office. Positions are available starting immediately, and applications will be considered on a rolling basis. This internship provides a great opportunity to gain experience working in a Congressional office and get a first-hand look at the legislative process.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, supporting legislative and communications activities, helping with front office operations, assisting with constituent relations, and giving tours of the Capitol. Candidates should be self- starters with excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask effectively and think critically, attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative and governmental process.
This internship presents an excellent opportunity for college students and recent graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter to CA34.internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line.
The office of Congressman Buchanan is looking for immediate start interns. Summer intern candidates will NOT be considered.
We are the Washington Dc office of a senior member of the House Ways and Means Committee. We handle constituent communications, legislation issues, and policy production.
Job Description
Our internship program offers interns a chance to learn and work on the hill and see how the highest levels of government work. Being the office of a senior member of the House Ways and Means Committee, interns will have exposure to healthcare, tax, and trade issues. Interns will assist staff with legislative projects, attend briefings and hearings, and assist with maintaining data bases. Interns will also work on a policy proposal under the guidance of staff and will present their policy proposal at the end of their internship.
Interns will also have the chance to attend briefings independently and on the behalf of staff. At the end of the internship, interns will have a firm understanding
 MEM-097-18
Page 2 of 11

 MEM-096-18
of how Capitol Hill works, a bespoke policy proposal, and full understanding of how the legislative process works.
Required Skills
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn
Application instructions
Please email your resume and available start date to HouseGOPinternshipFL@outlook.com.
Congressman Barton’s D.C. office is seeking full-time interns for the summer of 2018. While this position is unpaid, your time here will strengthen your understanding of the legislative process and give you invaluable experience of the operations necessary to be an effective member of a Congressional team. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, phone assistance, conducting tours of the U.S. Capitol, researching federal legislation and assisting legislative staff in various research projects. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend legislative briefings, congressional hearings and receptions on Capitol Hill. Candidates with a strong work ethic and great communication skills are encouraged to apply. Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral and written communication skills, be able to accomplish a variety of tasks and pitch in where needed, and be responsible, dependable and eager to learn. Ties to Texas are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to caroline.waller@mail.house.gov.
The Washington office of Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is seeking both full and part time interns for summer 2018. Start date in April/May and applicants must be a college sophomore or higher.
Typical tasks include answering phones, batching constituent mail, drafting letters, attending briefings and writing memos, guiding Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with various projects. Successful interns must be professional, eager to learn, work well under pressure, and be detail-orientated. New York ties preferred.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and one page writing sample to nyinterns18@gmail.com with the subject line “SUMMER INTERNSHIP APPLICATION” by April 15th.
The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Summer 2018. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors,
 MEM-094-18
 MEM-093-18
Page 3 of 11

 MEM-092-18
sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our internship program begins in May until the end of August. First priority will be given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter, a short writing sample (1-2 pages) and work availability with the subject line “D.C Summer 2018 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus but are not required.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Summer 2018 semester.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips at 8:00 am and ends at 4:00 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if applicable, a portfolio sample to Sam Menchel at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact Sam at 202-225-3615 with any questions.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is offering Summer 2018 internship opportunities for college students and recent college graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents, attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative
 MEM-091-18
Page 4 of 11

 MEM-090-18
process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing sample to Sam Menchel at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact Sam at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
The office of Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart (FL-25) is currently seeking applications for our summer internship program running from May 2018 through the beginning of August. This position requires greeting guests and constituents, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and assisting in general day to day activities. While unpaid, this position will strengthen your understanding of the legislative process and give you firsthand experience of the operations necessary to run a Congressional office. Qualified candidates will be hard working, organized, possess strong written and oral skills, and have the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested candidates should send a resume, availability, and cover letter to th Elizabeth.DosSantos@mail.house.gov. Deadline for applications: April 9 , 2018.
The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or part – time interns for the Summer 2018 semester in Washington DC. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject line “Summer 2018 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) seeks a Press Intern for the summer of 2018 in the Washington, DC office. Primary responsibilities will include: compiling and distributing daily news clips, media monitoring, drafting graphics, social media content, press releases, and floor speeches. Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills as well as the ability to work under tight deadlines. Hawaii ties are preferred, but not required. Please send a resume, brief cover letter, two short writing samples, and availability to Lauren.Mcilvaine@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press Intern” by April 1st.
The House Judiciary Committee is looking for interns who can assist in executing an aggressive communications strategy. Candidates should have a strong interest in both public relations and public policy. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills and strong research, writing, and communication skills. Ideal candidates are college students, recent graduates, or graduate
 MEM-089-18
 MEM-087-18
 MEM-086-18
Page 5 of 11

students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Primary Duties:
• Assisting with committee hearings, press conferences, panels, forums, and other events
• Drafting social media content (i.e. facebook, twitter, instagram, medium)
• Taking photos of and recording events
• Managing press lists, including creating issue-specific press lists
• Compiling press clips
To apply please send resume and cover letter to: JudPressIntern@mail.house.gov. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
MEM-085-18
 The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce seeks a professional, dependable, and enthusiastic student or recent graduate for a paid communications summer internship working closely with the press team on a variety of tasks. Duties will include drafting and posting Committee web content and social media, basic photography, drafting press releases and statements (other written materials may include memos, one-minute floor speeches, etc.), press list maintenance, compiling and distributing daily press clips, media monitoring, answering the press office phone, and other communications and administrative tasks as assigned. Communications, journalism, public relations, public affairs or political science majors and recent graduates preferred. Internship to begin in May and last through the end of July. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until a qualified candidate is identified.
Please send a resume, brief cover letter, and one short writing sample to EdLaborPressJobs@mail.house.gov.
     MEM-084-18
Congressman Scott DesJarlais (TN-04)—unpaid; full time internship
The DC office of Congressman DesJarlais is looking for summer interns, May-
August.
The responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer phones, conduct Capitol tours, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday. Page 6 of 11

 MEM-083-18
Interested candidates should e-mail an updated resume and cover letter to MeKenna.Carman@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Jim Langevin (D-RI) is seeking full-time and part-time interns for summer 2018. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include providing constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest. Rhode Island ties are preferred but not required.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All internships are unpaid. To apply: send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to john.swords@mail.house.gov. Please also indicate your dates of availability and whether you are interested in a full-time or part-time position.
The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary responsibilities include office tasks such as answering phones and handling mail as well as assisting with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist with investigative research or other projects as needed. Summer 2018 clerk intern applications are being accepted! To apply please submit your cover letter, resume and writing sample at https://democrats- oversight.house.gov/about/internships-and-fellowships.
The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications for the 2018 Summer Semester. This is a full-time internship that requires a flexible schedule and knowledge of House Democrats. Our internship term runs from late-May through August. Interns will assist with weekly Caucus meetings, Member outreach, legislative work, and press services. Caucus interns will also handle front office duties such as answering phones, distributing mail, coordinating Capitol tours, and greeting visitors. Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude, attention to detail and a great work ethic. Candidates with prior Hill experience, great writing skills and strong familiarity with House Democrats are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2018 Democratic Caucus Summer Internship” in the subject line.
The Office of Congressman Anthony G. Brown (D-MD04) seeks legislative interns with excellent oral and written communication skills for Spring 2018 in
 MEM-081-18
  MEM-080-18
 MEM-079-18
Page 7 of 11

  MEM-077-18
the Washington, D.C. Office. Responsibilities include compiling research on bills and various issue areas, attending committee hearings and briefings, drafting correspondence and memos, and completing other projects and duties as assigned by the legislative team. Applicants must be able to work both in a group setting and independently. Candidates should have strong organizational skills, a positive attitude and a willingness to learn. Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and a writing sample to both hannah.cooper@mail.house.gov and ann.mathew@mail.house.gov with “MD04 Spring Internship” in the subject
line. This will be a Monday/Wednesday internship. Maryland ties preferred, but not required. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The office of Congressman Randy Hultgren [IL-14] is seeking candidates for full-time internships in his Washington, DC office. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative projects, and attending briefings and hearings. While preference is given to applicants from Illinois, I encourage all candidates with a strong work ethic and positive attitude to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter (with potential start date) to IL14interns@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ) seeks summer interns for his Washington, DC office. This internship term runs from May through early August. Duties include sorting and processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting our press team, and drafting constituent correspondence. This internship is unpaid. Ties to New Jersey are strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the Ways and Means Committee and as the Ranking Member on the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. We are very open to interns working in the areas that interest them most and taking on increasing responsibility as the summer progresses. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Christopher Hadad (Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).
All applications are due by April 1st, 2018. Applicants will be considered on a rolling basis.
Congressman Sean P. Duffy is looking for Summer interns! We are looking for energetic and driven individuals who are eager to learn. Congressman Duffy represents Wisconsin’s 7th Congressional District and serves on the House Financial Services Committee as the Chairman of the House Financial Services Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance. The internship program is a very hands-on program where our goal is to make you feel like you are a part of the team and not just an intern whose sole responsibility is to answer phones. The
 MEM-075-18
 MEM-074-18
Page 8 of 11

 MEM-073-18
main mission of the program is education and placement. Our hope is that after our interns leave the program they are prepared to step right into a Staff Assistant or maybe even a Legislative Correspondent position on Capitol Hill. If you are a student or recent graduate and think you would benefit from this opportunity please email your resume and cover letter to Wisc.internship@gmail.com. Ties to Wisconsin are not required but preferred.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Legislative Research
• Writing constituent correspondence
• Administrative Duties
• Tours of the U.S. Capitol
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Excellent verbal and written communication skills
• Track record of responsibility
• Exemplifies great customer service
Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D), is currently hiring spring interns for his Washington, D.C. office to start immediately. Responsibilities include answering phones, sorting mail and faxes, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing general office support as
needed. Intern candidates should be current or recent college students, regardless of major but with an interest in Congress and the legislative process. Full time availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are encouraged to apply as well.
To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. Please include any Iowa connections in the body of the email. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The Committee on House Administration Democratic staff is currently seeking a full-time, unpaid intern for the 2018 Spring Semester. Interns will have various responsibilities in assisting staff with administrative duties, franking, and legislative research. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting franking requests, compiling hearing materials, and assisting with front office duties. Candidates must exhibit strong writing, communication and organizational skills. Spanish fluency is a plus. Please send a resume and brief writing sample in PDF format to Sydney.burns@mail.house.gov with “Spring Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
The DC office of Congressman Buchanan (FL-16) is looking for immediate start interns.
Overview
 MEM-072-18
 MEM-069-18
Page 9 of 11

 MEM-067-18
Our internship program offers interns a chance to learn and work on the hill and see how the highest levels of government work. Being the office of a senior member of the House Ways and Means Committee, interns will have exposure to healthcare, tax, and trade issues. Interns will assist staff with legislative projects, attend briefings and hearings, and assist with maintaining data bases. Interns will also work on a policy proposal under the guidance of staff and will present their policy proposal at the end of their internship.
Interns will also have the chance to attend briefings independently and on the behalf of staff. At the end of the internship, interns will have a firm understanding of how Capitol Hill works, a bespoke policy proposal, and full understanding of how the legislative process works.
Required Skills
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn
Application instructions
Please email your resume and available start date to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.
The Personal Office of Congressman Eliot L. Engel, the Ranking Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, is searching for prospective students who wish to intern at our Washington D.C office. Duties include: taking phone calls, responding to constituent concern, and assisting official staff by attending briefing and Congressional hearings.
Aside from the varying duties, a prospective intern should be able to communicate effectively; be an attentive listener; and possess good writing
skills. This is an unpaid internship, but can be counted for course credit. Though we are open to a variety of academic backgrounds, preferred candidates would be those majoring in: Political Science, Social Work, Government Affairs, and History. Most candidates are college students or recent graduates.
As an intern in the Office of Congressman Engel, one is expected to act with the utmost courtesy and professionalism. We expect our interns to respect the office and its constituents as the office serves not only at the pleasure of the community, but also as the public face of Congressman Engel. Working at the District Office will provide interns with the experience of working in an active, ground-level operation of a Congressional office. It is a concrete actualization of civics in action.
If you would like to be considered for a position, please email your resume and cover letter to Engel.Internship@mail.house.gov. In your application, be sure to include the semester and/or dates you would be available to intern. NY ties a plus, but not required.
 Page 10 of 11

MEM-066-18
Our Washington, DC office offers internship opportunities to college students during the fall, spring, and summer semesters. Individual responsibilities will vary, but all interns will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues. Internship hours are flexible, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
Fall internships run from mid-September through mid-December. Spring Internships run from mid-January through mid-May. Summer internships run from end of May through mid-August. Please send all resumes
to maximilian.devreeze@mail.house.gov.
The office of Representative Jason Lewis (MN-02) is accepting applications for unpaid full-time interns to work in his District office in Burnsville, Minnesota during the summer of 2018. In the District office, interns may be asked to carry out a variety of duties including answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with constituent intake. In addition, interns may be assigned to assist with constituent casework or help with district-based projects.
Strong candidates will be motivated, meticulous, and eager to learn. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Angela.Sedlacek@mail.house.gov.
The Majority House Budget Committee is hiring an intern starting immediately. As an intern with the House Budget Committee, you will provide vital support by assisting Committee staff in assignments that include compiling the daily Budget News Clips, sorting and processing mail, answering the phones, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special projects. Much of the work you will do is actual work performed on a daily basis by other members of the Committee staff.
Full and part-time positions are available. Paid internships are available to anyone who is not receiving course credits through a university.
Please submit the application found at https://budget.house.gov/about/internships, your resume, cover letter and one page writing sample as one PDF package to budget.interns@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-065-18
 MEM-063-18
  Page 11 of 11
