 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-109-15
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 20, 2015
The House Democratic Caucus is looking for a full time press intern with availability beginning immediately. Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) assisting with press clips, production and editing of studio videos, staffing of live stream events, graphic design, formatting and extracting large quantities of data, and assisting in team projects. Applicants should be self-starters, motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multi-task. Experience in Adobe Suite or other design software and proficiency in Spanish highly preferred. Experience and interest in press operations and the congressional process is a plus. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students or Congressional internship program participants. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter detailing availability to DemCaucusPressIntern@Gmail.com.
Congresswoman Candice S. Miller (R-MI) seeks legislative interns for Summer 2015. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining valuable
 MEM-107-15
Page 1 of 10

 MEM-106-15
exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, managing constituent phone calls, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with constituent correspondence, and attend legislative briefings, congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Requirements: Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team environment, and possess a strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to perform a variety of tasks and administrative functions. Michigan ties are preferred, but not required. To apply, please send cover letter and resume to MI10Intern@gmail.com.
Illinois Republican is looking for current college students for a Congressional internship. These internships are available starting now on either a full-time or part-time basis. Qualified candidates will be highly organized, prompt, responsible, and ready to work in a fast paced environment. Strong oral and communication skills are a must. Daily duties will include assisting staff, answering phones, organizing mail, giving tours of the Capitol Building, and attending hearings and briefings for legislative staff. Interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience and further their understanding of the legislative process. Illinois ties are preferred but not necessary. All interested applicants should e- mail their resume and/or cover letter to midwestinternship@gmail.com.
Midwest Republican seeks full time hard working intern for immediate hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.
Nevada Republican seeks an unpaid communications intern for Summer 2015. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the communications process and the United States Congress. Communication intern responsibilities include tracking and reporting on social media and news story comments, drafting social media posts, establishing and managing a twitter account, and reaching out to local/national reporters on social media. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend events and committee meetings to take photos and videos, work with the communications director to put press releases on the website, and assist with writing projects at the discretion of the communications director.
 MEM-105-15
MEM-103-15
 Page 2 of 10

 MEM-102-15
Interns will also help facilitate our constituent communications program and guide constituents on tours of the US Capitol building.
Our office seeks an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be self- starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently and as a member of a team environment. Applicants must have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist with daily communication tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00 am- 6:00 pm) with the option of working full-time, June through August. Students are welcome to apply. If interested, please send a cover letter, updated resume, sample of a social media post for a congressperson, and references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.
Florida Democrat seeks intern for Washington, D.C. office during the spring 2015 semester. Applicants should be available to start immediately. Candidates should also be motivated, enthusiastic, and possess strong interpersonal skills. The internship will provide exposure to all areas of a legislative office. Interns will be responsible for assisting the team with phones, mail, tours, flag-requests, and related front office duties. Additional tasks, including drafting constituent correspondence, research projects, and attending hearings may be assigned on a case-by-case basis. This is a great opportunity for individuals who are interested in learning about the workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process in a busy Congressional office. Both full and part time internships are available. To apply, please send an e-mail DCInternships.Grayson@mail.house.gov with your cover letter, résumé, and two writing samples (not to exceed one page each). Please PDF your attachments, and use the following format for your subject line: [First Name] [Last Name] – [Desired Semester] Internship Candidate.
Congressman Mark Takano seeks an enthusiastic, professional student or recent graduate to start an immediate Internship this spring to assist in his DC Office. Applicants should be organized, hard-working, and have excellent oral and written communication skills. Responsibilities include administrative tasks, contributing to the office correspondence process, performing legislative research, attending hearings and briefings, and conducting constituent tours. To apply, please email cover letter, resume, and available dates to ca41intern@gmail.com with “2015 Spring Internship” in the subject line.
The Office of Representative Kevin Brady (TX-08) is currently seeking a full time intern with stipend for our Washington, D.C. office. Qualified candidates are well organized, with good oral and written communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about the political process and congressional affairs. Duties include but are not limited to, answering phones, compiling briefing
 MEM-101-15
MEM-100-15
 Page 3 of 10

 MEM-099-15
binders, batching mail, performing legislative research, and attending briefings. Interns interact heavily with constituents so a positive attitude is a must. Applicants must be detail oriented with a strong work ethic and an eagerness to represent the 8th district of Texas. Previous Hill experience not required. Interested Candidates should send a resume and cover letter to: TX08intern@gmail.com.
Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks full time interns for her Washington, D.C. office. Preference will be given to those able to start immediately. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Washington, D.C. interns will have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and briefings for the legislative staff.
The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public service. Washington state ties are a plus, but are not required.
Interested applicants should send a current resume and cover letter to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a resume and three writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject “Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this summer. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
Conservative Republican seeks highly motivated summer intern for DC office. Page 4 of 10
 MEM-096-15
MEM-095-15
  MEM-094-15

 MEM-093-15
Successful candidates will be organized, hard-working, and detail-oriented. Intern will be responsible for assisting staff with legislative and administrative duties such as greeting visitors, drafting constituent correspondence, answering phones, and leading Capitol tours. Intern will also have opportunities to attend staff briefings and committee hearings to gain firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. The position is unpaid and the intern is responsible for finding housing in the DC area. Florida ties preferred. If interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and available dates to fl11internship@gmail.com. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) D.C. office seeks interns for two summer sessions: (1) May 12- June 27th and (2) June 30th to August 15th. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity and can take initiative, is committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This position demands the ability to multi-task, high efficiency and strong organizational skills as well as an ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others. Duties include: answering telephone calls, responding to general constituent inquiries and requests for tours, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing administrative assistance to the DC staff. Undergraduate students or recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to: melissa.durity@mail.house.gov. Please include your availability in your cover letter.
Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her District office for unpaid Constituent Services and Outreach internships during the Summer 2015 term.
Constituent Service Internship - Constituent Service Interns will work in the District office to assist Constituent Service Representatives. Responsibilities include assisting with constituent files, gathering information from federal agencies, and answering constituent calls. S/he will monitor congressional inquiries through online databases.
Outreach Internship - The Outreach Intern will work in the District office supporting the team with a variety of outreach projects and activities, including event planning, and advocacy communications. The Outreach Intern also conducts project research using the web and traditional sources such as booth set up at events. S/he helps develop several databases and lists of state, local/civic, and federal organizations and government agencies. S/he must monitor local and national media through print, online/blog and television news media. The Outreach Intern also responds to outreach-related initiatives and assists with general outreach efforts.
Ideal candidates for both positions will be detailed oriented, well organized, and able to conduct research. Interns should also possess strong written and verbal
 MEM-089-15
Page 5 of 10

 MEM-088-15
communication skills in a professional setting. Undergraduates and recent graduates of any major with ties to Maryland are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a brief and a one page writing sample by April 24th to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her Washington, D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the Summer 2015 term. Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative process and have a desire to learn while being a part of a hardworking team. Ideal candidates will possess strong writing and verbal communication skills, a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist staff with legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings, draft memos, sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours. Candidates with Maryland ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a brief and a one page writing sample by April 24, 2015 to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a full- time or part-time Press and Social Media intern for the Summer of 2015. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to compiling press clips, monitoring daily news, drafting talking points and press releases, updating social media and working closely with the communications director. The ideal candidate will have previous experience in public relations or journalism, possess strong written communications skills, ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and professional manner. Please note that the internship is unpaid and housing is not provided, but student can qualify for academic credit depending on the requirements of the college or university. Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, short writing sample (in the form of a speech or press release) and dates of availability with "Norton Press Internship" in the subject line to william.washington@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a full- time or part-time intern for the Summer of 2015. This is an opportunity to learn about the inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol, conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the legislative and governmental process. To apply, please send a resume, three references, writing sample, and cover letter to william.washington@mail.house.gov, with the subject ‘Norton Internship’. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
 MEM-087-15
 MEM-086-15
 Page 6 of 10

MEM-085-15
A Democratic California Congressman is seeking one intern to join his Washington, D.C. team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting immediately and ending in June with the possibility for extension. Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide-range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close attention to detail, along with a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: assisting with scheduling, answering phone calls, attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hard-working intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more complex legislative and press-related projects. Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e- mail resume and cover letter in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking highly motivated and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for summer 2015. The internship will be broken down into two sessions, the first running from mid-May to early July and second from early July until late August. Candidates will only be allowed to participate in one session. Starting and ending dates are flexible depending on candidate’s schedule. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering constituent calls, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing briefings for legislative staff, and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred. If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2015 Summer Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
Internship opportunity available immediately in Congressman Bruce Westerman’s office. The intern will interact with constituents, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, answer constituent letters on various issues before the House, and other work to support the Member’s office. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to Victoria.Bell@mail.house.gov.
Hawaii Democratic Office is currently seeking highly motivated summer intern. Successful candidates will be well-organized, hard-working and detail-oriented. Intern responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, assisting staff with legislative, administrative, constituent relations and press activities. Interns will answer and screen telephone calls, greet visitors, assist staff, attend hearing and briefings, lead Capitol tours and write legislative correspondence. Hawaii ties preferred. Email cover letter, resume, and references to: hawaiidemocrat@gmail.com.
Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern Page 7 of 10
 MEM-084-15
 MEM-080-15
MEM-079-15
MEM-077-15
  
 MEM-075-15
for her Washington, D.C. office for winter/spring 2015. This internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fast-paced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be motivated; detail orientated and possesses strong communication and writing skills. This is a great opportunity for recent graduates seeking Hill experience. Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to kevin.rambosk@mail.house.gov.
Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is currently seeking a full-time intern to start mid-March with a flexible end date. Ideal candidates have excellent writing and research skills, a positive attitude, and a willingness to go above and beyond what is asked. Intern responsibilities include researching and writing Congressional correspondence, helping constituents find information and fielding constituent phone calls. This internship also provides the opportunity to work closely with staff members and assist in various projects. Washington ties are preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume, cover letter and a writing sample to taylor.paquette@mail.house.gov. Please include "WA-02 Internship" in the subject line.
Congressman Adam Kinzinger (IL) is looking for unpaid interns in his Washington, DC office to start immediately. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative projects, and attending briefings and hearings. Ideal candidates should have a strong work ethic, be energetic and engaging, and possess a positive attitude. Candidates with Illinois ties are encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter (with start date) to internsIL16@gmail.com.
The Office of Congressman Ami Bera (D-CA) seeks professional, dependable, and enthusiastic student or recent graduate for an unpaid congressional internship working closely with the administrative and legislative teams on a variety of tasks. Intern duties include, but are not limited to, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings, conducting tours of the Capitol building, researching legislation & drafting policy memos for the Congressman, writing constituent correspondence, and various day-to-day office tasks. Applicants should possess excellent written and oral communication, and proficiency in Microsoft Office programs. Sacramento, CA ties preferred. Internship to start mid-March or early April.
Please send resume and cover letter to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Ami Bera (D-CA) seeks professional, dependable,
 MEM-073-15
 MEM-071-15
 MEM-070-15
Page 8 of 10

 MEM-068-15
and enthusiastic student or recent graduate for an unpaid communications internship working closely with the communications team on a variety of tasks. Background/study in communications, journalism, public relations, or similar field preferred. Duties will include: drafting and posting web content and social media, drafting other written materials (constituent letters, memos, press releases, etc.), compiling daily press clips, answering office phones, and other administrative tasks as assigned. Sacramento, CA ties preferred. Internship to start mid-March or early April.
Please send resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office from March through June. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests. Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
Democratic Member of the House seeks an unpaid intern for their DC office. Responsibilities include assisting staff with general office duties, drafting constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, researching legislative issues, giving Capitol tours, greeting visitors and performing various other tasks. Candidate should be energetic, enthusiastic and able to thrive in a fast-paced working environment. Strong communication skills are a must. Candidates should have a general understanding of the governmental process, knowledge of North Carolina, and interest in the legislative process. If interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample via email to: nc12internjobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or walk-ins. Minorities, LGBT and women encouraged to apply, North Carolina ties preferred but not required.
Midwest Republican seeks full time hard working intern for immediate hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.
 MEM-066-15
 MEM-064-15
 Page 9 of 10

MEM-060-15
The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Buddy Carter (GA-01) is currently seeking applicants for the remainder of the spring semester. Internships are available to qualified college students seeking college credit or recent college graduates. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants as well as an understanding of our federal legislative process. Georgia ties are preferred, but they are not required. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: providing tours of the Capitol, answering phones, helping staff process constituents’ mail and inquiries. Other responsibilities may include assisting staff with legislative research, writing meeting briefings, and attending committee hearings. Candidates should possess an interest in the legislative process, strong communication skills, along with a motivation and organization. If you are interested in being considered for an internship, please send your resume, cover letter, and any relevant writing samples to Hart.Thompson@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.
 Page 10 of 10
