 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 24, 2020
 MEM-075-20
Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-21) D.C. office seeks interns for the
   upcoming Summer 2020 semester. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This position demands the ability to multi-task, strong organizational skills and must work cooperatively and courteously with others in a shared space.
Duties include: answering telephone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing assistance to the D.C. staff. Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter. Cover letter should detail reasons for applying to the position. Please indicated which session is preferred- Session A (May 11-June 19) or Session B (June 22- July 31).
Deadline to apply by is March 2nd, 2020 COB. All materials must be submitted to Acree.Trivett@mail.house.gov
  Page 1 of 12

MEM-074-20
Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking paid interns for the Summer 2020 session in his Capitol Hill office. The Summer session dates are May 18 – August 31. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. To be eligible for our paid intern program, the applicant must be able to complete no less than a 24- hour work week. The internship schedule is flexible to accommodate classes. Ties to Virginia’s First Congressional District are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to sarah.newsome@mail.house.gov before March 6th, 2020. Please specify what your internship schedule may look like.
  MEM-071-20
The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time Summer Interns for the Washington, D.C. office starting in May/June. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience.
Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2020 Summer Pocan Internship” in the subject line. For further information regarding the internship program, please see the internship page on our website at: https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/
Deadline to apply: March 15, 2020
We also highly encourage every applicant to apply to our scholarship program after submitting an application. The application can be found here: https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program
     Page 2 of 12

MEM-070-20
The Office of Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez is currently accepting applications for a full-time legislative internship. The internship is paid and offers metro reimbursement.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Internship” in the subject line.
The application deadline is Friday, April 17th.
  MEM-069-20
The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking a highly motivated, proactive Summer Press Intern with strong writing and organizational skills. The internship is paid and offers metro reimbursement.
Duties include assisting the Chief of Staff and Press Secretary with day-to-day operations – including but not limited to: creating daily social media and video content, tracking press clips and traffic on social media, and drafting press releases, op-eds, newsletters and video scripts.
Responsibilities may include creating, drafting and posting content on all platforms and growing the Congresswoman’s e-newsletter program and updating the website. Ideal candidates are politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative self-starters familiar with social media and digital trends.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter with their availability, and three digital or writing samples in a single PDF to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Press Internship” in the subject line. The application deadline is Friday, April 17th.
     proactive Spring Press Intern with strong writing and organizational skills. The position will be filled on a rolling basis, and offers a stipend and metro reimbursement.
Duties include assisting the Chief of Staff and Press Secretary with day-to-day operations – including but not limited to: creating daily social media and video content, tracking press clips and traffic on social media, and drafting press releases, op-eds, newsletters and video scripts.
MEM-068-20
The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking a highly motivated,
Page 3 of 12

Responsibilities may include creating, drafting and posting content on all platforms and growing the Congresswoman’s e-newsletter program and updating the website. Ideal candidates are politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative self-starters familiar with social media and digital trends.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter with their availability, and three digital or writing samples in a single PDF to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Spring Press Internship” in the subject line.
  MEM-067-20
Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship applicants in the D.C. office for Summer of 2020. Qualified applicants should possess strong communication skills, be interested in learning about the legislative process, and have a willingness to work in our fast-paced office.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
intern.OH06@gmail.com
     applications for a full-time paid internship. Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor.
Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Internship” in the subject line.
The application deadline is Friday, April 17th, 2020.
 MEM-065-20
The Office of Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez is currently accepting
MEM-062-20 “Republican office looking for interns for the Summer 2020 semester. Please email abigail.michos@mail.house.gov”
   MEM-061-20 The Majority Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks candidates for a full or part-time legal or graduate student summer internship, beginning in May or June, running through August 2020.
 Page 4 of 12

Responsibilities may include conducting legislative research, producing analyses on proposed climate and environmental policies, attending briefings and hearings for staff, and other tasks as assigned or needed. The ideal candidate will be detail- oriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have excellent writing and communications skills. An interest in environmental law or policy is strongly desired; this internship is geared towards those entering their 2L or 3L year, or those enrolled in MPP programs, as of Fall 2020.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Summer Legal/Grad Student Intern” in the subject line by March 6, 2020. Please include your approximate dates of availability in the message, and how many days per week you would be available. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
No calls or drop-ins please.
   MEM-060-20
The Majority Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks full or part-time candidates for summer internships, beginning in May or June, running through August 2020.
Responsibilities may include conducting administrative tasks for the committee, attending briefings and hearings for staff, conducting research projects, preparing and assembling materials for Committee hearings and events, and other tasks as assigned or needed. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have excellent writing and communications skills. An interest in environmental, climate change, or science policy is strongly desired and preferred.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Summer Intern” in the subject line by March 6, 2020. Please include your approximate dates of availability in the message, and how many days per week you would be available. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
No calls or drop-ins please.
  MEM-050-20
The Office of U.S. Representative Grace Meng is accepting intern applications for Summer 2020. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
In Washington, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings and draft constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
 Page 5 of 12

Interested candidates should email NY06_Intern_App@mail.house.gov a cover letter, resume, a 1-2 page writing sample, and three references.
  MEM-048-20
The Office of Congressman Pete Stauber is seeking full-time interns for the Summer of 2020. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting legislative staff with research, assisting with constituent letters, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who have excellent customer service skills, have a strong work ethic, and pay close attention to detail. Qualified candidates will also have strong oral and written communication skills and be able to work well on a team. Minnesota ties are required, and Minnesota-08 ties are preferred.
Internships include a monthly stipend and the office will work with current students to receive college credits. Interested applications should send their resume, brief cover letter, and references to Eric.Gebhart@mail.house.gov. Please indicate expected start and end dates.
     time Interns for the Summer session (May-August). Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we seek interns who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources Committee’s jurisdiction and demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills. We are currently accepting applications for the following paid positions:
-Legislative Intern -Communications Intern
-Counsel Intern
-Oversight and Investigations Intern
To apply, address your application materials to Carlyn LeGrant at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Summer Internship Application.” Please include a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample. In the email, specify which of our internships you’re applying to. The deadline for all summer applications is Friday March 6th.
For more information, visit https://naturalresources.house.gov/contact/internships
  MEM-047-20
The Democratic Staff of the House Natural Resources Committee is seeking full-
MEM-046-20
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a full- time press intern for spring 2020.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to writing social media content, drafting press releases, answering phones, attending briefings and hearings for staff, compiling press clips, and other tasks depending on the needs of the Committee and the intern’s interests.
 Page 6 of 12

Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills as well as a desire to help veterans and learn about the House and legislative process.
Submit a resume and cover letter to veterans.internships@mail.house.gov. Please include in your cover letter how many days a week you would be available to intern as well as your preferred start and end dates. Internships are unpaid.
  MEM-044-20
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) is seeking a press intern to assist with an aggressive communications and constituent services operation for Spring 2020. This internship is a paid position.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong work ethic, pay close attention to detail, and have solid writing and editing skills. Applicants must have the ability to work cooperatively in a fast-paced environment. The intern will be expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per week.
Intern responsibilities include:
* Assisting with the direct mail and constituent correspondence operation * Compiling press clips
* Event photography
* Creating graphics
* Clipping videos including floor speeches and media interviews * Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with dates of availability to spanbergerpressva07@gmail.com with “Spring 2020 Press Internship” in the subject line. We also recommend—but do not require— applicants submit 1-2 sample writing samples or sample graphics.
Rep. Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
  MEM-042-20
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for Summer 2020 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks.
District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please. Please email FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov, with your resume, cover letter & a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF.
  Page 7 of 12

MEM-041-20
The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to apply for its paid, full-time summer 2020 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex, including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
To apply, please visit : https://republicans cha.house.gov/about/internship- application and submit your application by March 13th.
   MEM-040-20
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks
   MEM-039-20
full-time, paid interns for Summer 2020. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters.
Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at https://science.house.gov/contact/internships. Please fill out the provided application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
 The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks
   full-time and part time, paid interns for Spring 2020. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters.
Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at https://science.house.gov/contact/internships. Please fill out the provided application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
 Page 8 of 12

MEM-038-20
The House Small Business Committee Minority Staff is currently looking for full-time interns for summer 2020 (May – August). Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research, and other tasks.
This internship is open to undergraduates (juniors and above) and recent graduates. The office is an equal opportunity employer and minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered, please submit a one-page resume and cover letter to housesmallbusinessinternshipr@gmail.com and include “Spring 2020 Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
  MEM-037-20
The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a full-time intern for the Spring 2020 semester.
Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research, drafting memoranda and other written materials, and a variety of other tasks.
Candidates should be team-oriented, resourceful, upbeat people who have skills beyond research and require little supervision. This internship is open to undergraduates (rising seniors and above), recent graduates, and Master’s and law students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “HFAC Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
  MEM-036-20
The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a legal intern for the Spring 2020 semester.
In addition to providing administrative and operations support to the committee as needed, the legal intern will work closely with the Counsels team with research projects, drafting legislation, providing support for full committee markups and hearings, and attending meetings and briefings.
Candidates should be current law students and require little supervision. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and
  Page 9 of 12

include “Spring 2020 Legal Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
 MEM-033-20
Congresswoman Elaine G. Luria (VA-02) Member of the House Armed Services Committee and House Veterans Affairs Committee, where the Congresswoman serves as Chair of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee, seeks a paid press intern for her Washington DC office.
Responsibilities may include drafting social media content, monitoring social media platforms, drafting constituent correspondence and outreach, and assisting the Communications Team with other tasks as needed. The press intern will report to and work closely with the Press Assistant and the Communications Director.
Qualified candidates should be motivated, detail-oriented, a team player, and possess strong oral and written communication skills. Virginia ties are a plus. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please email a single PDF including your cover letter listing your availability, resume and a 1-2 page writing sample to VA02DC.Interns@mail.house.gov with “Your Name: VA-02 Press Internship” in the subject line. Please no drop-ins or phone calls.
  MEM-029-20
The Office of Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) seeks Press/Legislative interns for the Spring 2020.
Press responsibilities will include building press lists, drafting social media posts for the Member’s official social media pages (including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram), designing graphics, and creating short video clips as needed. The intern will be an integral part of the communications team, generating engaging content for the Member and supplying creative ideas throughout the week. Ideal applicants will have a background in iMovie, the Adobe creative suite, and TweetDeck.
Legislative responsibilities include researching legislation for both the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and drafting constituent letters on the Member’s behalf.
This is a unique opportunity to gain both legislative and communications experience in a fast-paced and high-volume congressional office.
All interns are paid $15.00 per hour for a maximum of 30 hours a week, and are expected to work collaboratively with the staff to answer phones, greet constituents, and guide tours of the U.S. Capitol Building. The Office of Rep. Ro
 Page 10 of 12

Khanna is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, or socio- economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply. The start date is March 23, 2020.
Applicants should send a resume, a short writing sample (no more than 2-pages), sample tweets on a current event, a sample graphic (optional) and availability to julia.albertson@mail.house.gov.
    MEM-028-20
TITLE: Congressional Intern REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; •good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available resources);
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests, including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Summer 2020 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required.
 Page 11 of 12

To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to:
Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
   MEM-026-20
The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting applications for full and part-time interns for the spring and summer internship sessions. The start date would be as early as Feb 15, 2020 (flexible depending on availability) with a flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and have access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff. At the beginning of the legislative week, interns are expected to work into the evening to assist staff in facilitating member meetings. Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter to JeffVanDrewNJ@gmail.com. Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re applying for a spring or summer internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter].
        Page 12 of 12
