 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-127-16
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 4, 2016
The Office of Congressman Raul Ruiz (CA-36) seeks highly-motivated, qualified interns with excellent research and communication abilities to join his District offices in Palm Desert and Hemet, California as part of the Summer 2016 Congressional Internship Program. Although congressional interns are unpaid they are considered an integral part of the office and are given an opportunity to expand their knowledge about public policy and the legislative process.
Congressional intern responsibilities may include, but are not limited to, conducting research for staff members, assisting staff at community or public events, attending meetings, transcribing documents, and providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls. Congressman Ruiz’s internship program also features staff-lead workshops designed to develop essential and professional skill that students may apply in any setting. Students interested in applying for a congressional internship in one of the offices of Congressman Raul Ruiz have the opportunity to apply to the Summer 2016 session. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. Prospective interns should complete an internship application (available here:
Page 1 of 9

 MEM-126-16
https://ruiz.house.gov/services/internships), attach their resume, and submit to Tony Aguilar at tony.aguilar@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Joseph R. Pitts (PA-16) is seeking candidates for its Washington D.C. spring internship program who are able to begin immediately and are available for all of April and May. The internship provides a remarkable experience for students and recent college graduates to contribute to the nation’s political process and to see how Congress works firsthand. Ideal candidates will have the following: strong communication and organizational skills, a conservative political philosophy, motivation, an interest in public service, and knowledge of public affairs. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, researching legislation, assisting with mail distribution, and attending hearings and briefings. Internships are unpaid, but interns will gain invaluable work experience. Pennsylvania tied are preferred but not required. Please send a resume, cover letter, and references to PA16internship@gmail.com. No calls or walk-ins please.
California Republican seeks qualified applicants for a paid internship. Candidate must be responsible and willing to learn, a self-starter, exhibit good oral and written communication skills, and have an interest in legislative policy and government. Duties include, but are not limited to, sorting and distributing mail, attending hearings and briefings on behalf of staff, answering phones and greeting visitors in a kind and courteous manner, performing research for legislative staff, and assisting the communications director with morning press clips. To apply, candidates should email a cover letter and resume to dylan.chandler@mail.house.gov. No walk ins, please.
The Office of Congressman Sam Farr (D-CA) is looking to immediately hire full and part-time unpaid Legislative Interns to work in our Washington, DC office. You’ll be responsible for attending hearings and briefings, providing administrative support, guiding Capitol tours, conducting legislative research, drafting correspondence and a variety of policy related projects to assist legislative staffers. Excellent time management skills, a healthy sense of humor, creativity and a strong commitment to teamwork are qualities we’re looking for. CA ties a plus, but not required.
If you’d like to be considered for a Legislative Internship position, please send a cover letter with your availability and resume to Dushani.desilva@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Intern Application” in the subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Please no phone calls.
Congressman Robert Aderholt (AL-4) seeks full-time or part-time unpaid interns for his Washington D.C. office for the spring semester. Intern duties will include, but are not limited to, answering the phone, providing constituent Capitol tours, assisting with the mail program, attending various briefings and hearings, and
 MEM-125-16
 MEM-124-16
 MEM-123-16
Page 2 of 9

 MEM-122-16
data entry. Qualified candidates will possess a strong sense of timeliness, excellent written and verbal communications skills, a positive attitude, and a solid work ethic. Ideal candidates will also have Southern ties.
Those interested should email their resumes with the subject line “Internship Applicant” to aderholtinternship@mail.house.gov.
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks a qualified graduate or undergraduate press intern for summer 2016. An internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process. Press interns will compile daily news clips, draft news releases and social media content, conduct research, and assist with administrative tasks such as updating media lists. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings, media briefings or media events on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction. A background in journalism, public relations or general communications is preferred, but not required.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov by April 15, 2016.
The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid intern for Summer 2016. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending hearings. Interested candidates should send their resume, a cover letter, and a brief writing sample to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com.
The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking full- time and part-time interns for the Summer of 2016. This is an opportunity to learn about the inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast- paced work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol, conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the legislative and governmental process. To apply, please send a resume, three references, writing sample, and cover letter to william.washington@mail.house.gov, with the subject ‘Norton Internship.’ No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The Washington, DC office of Congressman Paul Gosar (AZ-04) seeks a highly motivated full or part-time intern to begin immediately. Successful candidates
 MEM-121-16
MEM-120-16
  MEM-117-16
Page 3 of 9

 MEM-115-16
will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential. Intern responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, assisting staff with legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will: answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative research. We are also currently accepting applications for summer internships.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample(s) to GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com.
The office of a Republican North Carolina Congressman is seeking applicants for a full-time internship starting immediately. The individual should be able to multi-task and be prepared to work in a fast-paced office. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, answering phones, attending hearings and briefing, conducting tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence and mail, and working on various projects for the staff as needed. North Carolina ties are encouraged, but not required. In order to apply, interested candidates should send capitolhill67@gmail.com a resume and cover letter with “Intern Application” in the subject line.
Congressman Tony Cárdenas is seeking interns to join his Washington, D.C. team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship beginning in April or May for a duration of three months.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: attending briefings and writing memos, assisting with scheduling, answering phone calls, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hard-working intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more complex, legislative and press-related projects. Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e- mail resume and cover letter in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Joseph R. Pitts (PA-16) is seeking candidates for the 2016 summer internship program in Washington D.C. The internship provides a remarkable experience for students and recent college graduates to contribute to the nation’s political process and to see how Congress works firsthand. Ideal candidates will have the following: strong communication and organizational skills, a conservative political philosophy, motivation, an interest in public service, and knowledge of public affairs. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, researching legislation, assisting with mail distribution, and attending hearings and briefings.
 MEM-114-16
 MEM-113-16
Page 4 of 9

 MEM-112-16
Internships are unpaid, but interns will gain invaluable work experience. Pennsylvania tied are preferred but not required. Please send a resume, cover letter, and references to PA16internship@gmail.com. No calls or walk-ins please.
The Office of Congresswoman Cheri Bustos is seeking a full-time, summer press intern to work in the Washington, D.C. office, starting in May. Prospective interns should be up-to-date on current events, self-motivated, and enthusiastic. Applicants must work well under pressure, have excellent written and oral communications skills and a desire to learn. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, helping prepare daily press clips early in the morning, drafting press releases, researching and managing press lists, and assisting press staff with various events. In addition, press interns may be asked to help with a variety of administrative tasks. Illinois ties are preferred, but not required. If interested, please email a cover letter, resume, and two short writing samples to Sean.Higgins@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full- time or part-time internship for Spring/Summer 2016. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Nevada ties are strongly encouraged but not required. Please send resume and cover letter to NV01Jobs@gmail.com.
The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Scott Tipton (CO-03) is currently seeking applicants for the Spring/ Summer semester. Internships are available to qualified college students seeking college credit or recent college graduates. Colorado ties are a plus, but they are not required.
Internships provide valuable real world experience of our federal legislative process. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: providing tours of the Capitol, answering phones, and helping staff process constituent’s mail and inquiries. Other responsibilities may include assisting staff with legislative research, writing, attending briefings and committee hearings. Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process, especially financial services and natural resources issues, as well as motivated, organized and reliable, with strong communication and writing skills. If you are interested in being considered for an internship, please send your resume, cover letter and any relevant writing samples to agustina.andisco@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.
The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a full-time press intern for our Washington, D.C. office for summer 2016. Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about press operations, the political process, and
 MEM-111-16
 MEM-110-16
 MEM-108-16
Page 5 of 9

 MEM-106-16
MEM-105-16
MEM-103-16
congressional affairs. The intern will assist in the day-to-day operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting members of staff with press clips and constituent communication and will help to draft press releases, prep memos, and social media posts, in addition to assisting with legislative research and administrative activities.
Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, writing sample, and cover letter to our intern coordinator, Andres Chovil, at Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.
The Washington office of Rep. Mark Sanford (SC-01) seeks candidates for internships to begin immediately. Applicants should possess strong writing skills, be well organized, generally knowledgeable of legislative and other related issues, and have an eye for detail. Main duties include answering telephones, logging constituent calls, giving tours of the Capitol to visitors, and assisting with other administrative tasks. Interns will have many opportunities to take on additional responsibilities within the office, at the discretion of staff. Anyone interested should email a resume to SC01InternApplicants@mail.house.gov.
Senior, Progressive, Democrat Member seeks and unpaid intern for March through May 2016 with potential for extension into summer. Main responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Hill experience preferred. Please e-mail your cover letter, resume, and references to GADemJobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Intern Application”.
The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democrats is currently seeking graduate and legal interns and fellows (Fellows must be affiliated with an established program) for summer 2016. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to, legislative research, assembling information, assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution, memo and legislative writing, and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of taking notes. Applicants should be able to start in May and commit through July. Interested applicants should email their application materials to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please include with your resume, a cover letter, the internship applicant information form and two short, relevant writing samples and be sure to include ‘Summer 2016’ and what position you are applying for in the title (ex: Summer 2016 – Labor Fellowship).
Please visit our website at http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
    Page 6 of 9

MEM-102-16
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congresswoman Maxine Waters (CA-43) is seeking unpaid full time, part time, and press interns. Responsibilities will include, but not limited to, answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff, and performing various administrative tasks. Press interns will work with communications staff to create digital content, develop press clips, collect and distribute news clips, draft press releases, and manage a nationally engaging social media platform. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. California ties encouraged, but not required. Undergraduate and graduate students welcome to apply. Applicants should send a cover letter, resume, three references, and two writing samples to Joseph Sweiss at Joseph.Sweiss@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a full-time intern or fellow for our Washington, D.C. office for the summer 2016 session.
Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication skills and a positive attitude, and possess a strong interest in learning about the political process and congressional affairs. A background in national security issues in the Middle East and/or East Asia is strongly preferred. Graduate students and undergraduates are both welcome to apply.
The intern will support the legislative team on the Congresswoman's work on the House Armed Services Committee, as well as assist in the day-to-day operations of the office by supporting members of staff with constituent services, legislative research, and administrative activities.
Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, writing sample, and cover letter detailing availability to our intern coordinator, Andres Chovil, at Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.
The Office of Rep. Scott Rigell (VA-02) is seeking politically Conservative unpaid Summer 2016 interns in their Washington, DC, office to begin in May and continue through August. The Office seeks an outgoing, enthusiastic person with at least 3 days/week availability who would like experience working in a Congressional Office. Virginia ties are a plus but not required. Interested persons should submit resume to Julie.Moorhead@mail.house.gov.
The Washington, DC office of Congressman Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) is seeking enthusiastic and motivated interns for Summer 2016. The ideal candidates will interact well with constituents, be able to multitask, and have a strong interest in public service. Excellent research and writing skills are crucial. Arizona ties are a plus, but not required.
 MEM-100-16
 MEM-099-16
MEM-086-16
 Page 7 of 9

 MEM-084-16
Interns will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities include answering the phone, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and attending briefings and hearings. Internships are unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms for students to receive academic credit.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and a 2-5 page writing sample to AZ07Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Name— Summer Internship Application.” Cover letters should include days and times the applicants will be available during the internship period; writing samples may be excerpts of larger works. Interns will begin early to mid-May, depending on their availability, and end in mid-August. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis, and qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview.
Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her District office for unpaid Constituent Services and Outreach internships during the Summer 2016 term.
Constituent Service Internship - Constituent Service Interns will work in the District office to assist Constituent Service Representatives. Responsibilities include assisting with constituent files, gathering information from federal agencies, and answering constituent calls. S/he will monitor congressional inquiries through online databases.
Outreach Internship - The Outreach Intern will work in the District office supporting the team with a variety of outreach projects and activities, including event planning, and advocacy communications. The Outreach Intern also conducts project research using the web and traditional sources such as booth set up at events. S/he helps develop several databases and lists of state, local/civic, and federal organizations and government agencies. S/he must monitor local and national media through print, online/blog and television news media. The Outreach Intern also responds to outreach-related initiatives and assists with general outreach efforts.
Ideal candidates for both positions will be detailed oriented, well organized, and able to conduct research. Interns should also possess strong written and verbal communication skills in a professional setting. Undergraduates and recent graduates of any major with ties to Maryland are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a one page writing sample by Friday, April 8, 2016 to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her Washington, D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the Summer 2016 term. Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative process and have a desire to learn while being a part of a hardworking team. Ideal candidates will possess
 MEM-083-16
Page 8 of 9

strong writing and verbal communication skills, a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist staff with legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings, draft memos, sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours. Candidates with Maryland ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a brief and a one page writing sample by Friday, April 8, 2016 to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
 Page 9 of 9
