 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-084-16
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 29, 2016
Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her District office for unpaid Constituent Services and Outreach internships during the Summer 2016 term.
Constituent Service Internship - Constituent Service Interns will work in the District office to assist Constituent Service Representatives. Responsibilities include assisting with constituent files, gathering information from federal agencies, and answering constituent calls. S/he will monitor congressional inquiries through online databases.
Outreach Internship - The Outreach Intern will work in the District office supporting the team with a variety of outreach projects and activities, including event planning, and advocacy communications. The Outreach Intern also conducts project research using the web and traditional sources such as booth set up at events. S/he helps develop several databases and lists of state, local/civic, and federal organizations and government agencies. S/he must monitor local and national media through print, online/blog and television news media. The Outreach Intern also responds to outreach-related initiatives and assists with
Page 1 of 18

 MEM-083-16
general outreach efforts.
Ideal candidates for both positions will be detailed oriented, well organized, and able to conduct research. Interns should also possess strong written and verbal communication skills in a professional setting. Undergraduates and recent graduates of any major with ties to Maryland are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a one page writing sample by Friday, April 8, 2016 to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her Washington, D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the Summer 2016 term. Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative process and have a desire to learn while being a part of a hardworking team. Ideal candidates will possess strong writing and verbal communication skills, a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist staff with legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings, draft memos, sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours. Candidates with Maryland ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a brief and a one page writing sample by Friday, April 8, 2016 to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its Summer 2016 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support. Please note that this is an unpaid internship. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available hours to intern.CHADEM@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship.”
 MEM-082-16
  Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his Leadership office to begin March or April. Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) transcribing videos, collecting press clips, live-streaming briefings, supporting the Operations team in preparing Caucus events, answering phones, providing constituency outreach support to Democratic Members of Congress and their staff, conducting research, extracting and formatting large quantities of data, writing detailed memos, attending relevant briefings and meetings, and assisting with team projects. Applicants should be motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multi-task. Experience or interest in social media is a plus. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-081-16
Page 2 of 18

 Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic credit or congressional internship/fellowship program participants. The intern should be prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a full-
time intern or fellow for our Washington, D.C. office for March through May 2016. We are also accepting candidates for the summer 2016 session.
Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication skills and a positive attitude, and possess a strong interest in learning about the political process and congressional affairs. A background in national security issues in the Middle East and/or East Asia is strongly preferred. Graduate students and undergraduates are both welcome to apply.
The intern will support the legislative team on the Congresswoman's work on the House Armed Services Committee, as well as assist in the day-to-day operations of the office by supporting members of staff with constituent services, legislative research, and administrative activities.
Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, writing sample, and cover letter detailing availability to our intern coordinator, Andres Chovil, at Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.
  MEM-080-16
MEM-079-16
MEM-078-16
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid press internship for Summer 2016. Duties will include tracking press clips and traffic on social media networks, updating and maintaining press contact lists, maintaining website, and assisting with the office day-to-day-communications operation. Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications, news media, or journalism. Please send resume, cover letter, and writing sample to MD06.Internships@mail.house.gov by March 24th with “Summer Press Internship” in the subject line.
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid Congressional internship for Summer 2016. Duties include conducting legislative research for staff, drafting memos on hearing and briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering constituent correspondence on matters related to the House, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to MD06.Internships@mail.house.gov by March 24th with “Summer Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
  Page 3 of 18

MEM-077-16
Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid interns to fill positions for March through May 2016. Main responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred. Please e-mail your cover letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-FL) has openings for full-time and part-time interns to support our administrative, legislative, and press teams. Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending legislative briefings and hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail, giving Capitol tours, and assisting with special projects.
Applicants should be enthusiastic, reliable, professional, hardworking, and have strong writing and communication skills. South Florida ties are preferred, but not required. Internships begin in mid-May and run through the summer. These positions are unpaid. Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and one-page writing sample to RepDWSresumes@gmail.com by March 13. Location: Washington, DC.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns to fill spring positions. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. California ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter, 3 references, and dates of availability to Andrew.Heineman@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.
California Congressman Jared Huffman is seeking current college students or recent college graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for a full-time or part-time spring semester internship between March and May. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Intern responsibilities will vary, and range from answering phones, legislative research for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and organizing constituent letters on various issues before the House. Applicants should have strong communication skills, professional demeanor, and the ability to multi-task under pressure.
 MEM-076-16
 MEM-075-16
 MEM-073-16
Page 4 of 18

 MEM-072-16
The internship is unpaid, although interns will gain valuable Hill and office experience as well as have access to many unique Hill opportunities. Congressman Huffman represents California’s 2nd congressional district, which extends along the Pacific coast, from the Golden Gate Bridge to the Oregon border. California ties are preferred, but not necessary.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and dates of availability to DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov. Please no drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.
The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking highly motivated and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for the 2016 Summer internship program. The internship is scheduled to run from May 16 to August 19. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff, and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2016 Summer Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
Democratic Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks current college students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for summer 2016 internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern duties include answering phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail and faxes, leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and other responsibilities as needed. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral and written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to work on a variety of tasks. Preference given to interns with full-time availability, but those seeking part-time internships will be considered. Pennsylvania ties a plus. Internship positions are unpaid. To apply, email cover letter, resume, and a brief writing sample (no more than two pages) to Zach Rosen at Zach.Rosen@mail.house.gov. Please include availability in your cover letter.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer of 2016. Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
 MEM-070-16
  MEM-068-16
Page 5 of 18

 MEM-067-16
process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Communications Intern” in the subject line. No phone calls, please.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time legislative intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer of 2016. Ideal candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong work ethic and writing skills. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Legislative Intern” in the subject line. No phone calls, please.
The D.C. office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from Washington’s 6th district, is looking for personable, diligent full or part-time interns to start for the upcoming late winter/spring term. This is an opportunity to learn about the inner- workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities include assisting with constituent correspondence, producing daily press clips, and leading tours of the Capitol. This is a unique opportunity and prime for students or recent grads who are interested in learning about the legislative process or may eventually want to work for the federal government. To apply, please send a resume, contact information for two references, and a cover letter outlining your interest in the position to nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within a week. Those with Washington state ties strongly encouraged to apply. We look forward to hearing from you!
The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Keith Ellison seeks unpaid interns to fill positions for spring 2016. Main responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, planning events, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college students seeking academic credit and recent graduates. Minnesota ties strongly preferred. If interested, please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to hassan.ali@mail.house.gov for internships in Washington, DC.
The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a full-time intern Page 6 of 18
 MEM-066-16
  MEM-064-16
 MEM-063-16

 MEM-062-16
or fellow for our Washington, D.C. office for mid-February through May
2016. Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication skills and a positive attitude, and possess a strong interest in learning about the political process and congressional affairs. A background in national security issues in the Middle East and/or East Asia is strongly preferred. Graduate students and undergraduates are both welcome to apply.
The intern will support the legislative team on the Congresswoman's work on the House Armed Services Committee, as well as assist in the day-to-day operations of the office by supporting members of staff with constituent services, legislative research, and administrative activities.
Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, writing sample, and cover letter detailing availability to our intern coordinator, Andres Chovil, at Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office starting mid-March. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy. Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Reid Ribble is seeking qualified candidates to intern in our Washington, D.C. office starting in May 2016. We are interested in candidates of all academic disciplines. Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office administration, legislative research, constituent correspondence, and other duties as assigned. Administration will include daily tasks such as welcoming guests, being aware of the Congressman’s and staff’s schedules, answering phones, constituent tours, mail administration, and other duties. Legislative research and constituent correspondence will include being aware of current and pending legislation, researching legislation for constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and other duties.
 MEM-061-16
Page 7 of 18

 MEM-060-16
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and the drive to take the initiative in a fast-paced environment.
This is an unpaid position. If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter, resume and writing sample to Maggie.Woodin@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid interns to fill positions for May through August 2016. Main responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred. Please e-mail your cover letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.
Intern - Florida Republican is seeking interns to start immediately through May 2016. Qualified candidates will be hardworking, motivated self-starters, detail- oriented, and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Daily duties as an intern will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituents services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending hearings. Florida ties are a plus but not a requirement. This internship is unpaid, however, individuals will gain invaluable work experience. Please send a resume to FloridaConservativeRepublican@gmail.com with subject line “Intern” for consideration.
The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Buddy Carter (GA-01) is currently seeking applicants for the spring semester. Internships are available to qualified college students seeking college credit or recent college graduates. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants as well as an understanding of our federal legislative process. Georgia ties are preferred, but they are not required. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: providing tours of the Capitol, answering phones, helping staff process constituents’ mail and inquiries. Other responsibilities may include assisting staff with legislative research, writing meeting briefings, and attending committee hearings. Candidates should possess an interest in the legislative process, strong communication skills, along with motivation and organization. If you are interested in being considered for an internship, please send your resume, cover letter, and any relevant writing samples to Hart.Thompson@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.
Democratic Leadership Office seeks highly motivated, part-time or full time Page 8 of 18
 MEM-058-16
 MEM-056-16
 MEM-055-16

 MEM-053-16
interns. Intern responsibilities include administrative duties and a few legislative duties as necessary. Administrative support includes sorting mail, preparing briefing binders, setting up events, and other special projects as assigned by staff. The position requires the ability to multitask, strong organizational skills, and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment. The internship is unpaid, but interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience in a Democratic Leadership office.
Please send a resume and cover letter to deminternship2016@gmail.com. Please no drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.
Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for his Spring and Summer 2016 internship program in his Washington, D.C. and Hot Springs offices. He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated, detail-oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. In the DC office, responsibilities will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on various projects. Although internships are unpaid, the office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Jordan.Garcia@mail.house.gov.
Democratic Member of Congress on the Energy & Commerce Committee seeks full-time or part-time unpaid Congressional interns to begin immediately. The responsibilities of a Congressional intern primarily focus on helping the Congressman communicate with his 700,000-plus constituents. Interns will assist the team with phones, mail, tours of the U.S. Capitol Building, and related front office duties. Additional tasks, including drafting correspondence, research projects, and attending hearings may be assigned on a case by case basis. Candidates should possess excellent communication skills (both verbal and written) and an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress. Ideal candidates are positive, energetic, and eager to assist with the legislative and administrative needs of the staff. Pacific Northwest ties are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to andy.hackbarth@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time communications intern for her Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest.
 MEM-052-16
 MEM-049-16
Page 9 of 18

 MEM-046-16
Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged to
apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com. No phone calls, please.
Southern California Democrat seeks a full-time, unpaid Communications Intern for Summer 2016 to support dynamic press operation. Primary responsibilities include: create social media content and graphics; draft press releases and talking points; plan and execute DC and San Diego press events; cut and edit videos; organize and track photos; compile press clips and track coverage.
Candidates must have strong writing and social media skills and demonstrate sound political instincts. California residents or those with strong ties to San Diego encouraged to apply. Please send a cover letter, resume, writing and social media/ graphic samples to ca52internship@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Communications Intern CA52.” Deadline to apply is February 28th.
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid congressional internship for Summer 2016. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are preferred. Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per week. Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and times available (start and end dates as well as days per week) to CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, CA52 Internship” in the subject line.
Democratic Leadership Office seeks highly motivated, part-time or full time interns. Intern responsibilities include administrative duties and a few legislative duties as necessary. Administrative support includes sorting mail, preparing briefing binders, setting up events, and other special projects as assigned by staff. The position requires the ability to multitask, strong organizational skills, and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment. The internship is unpaid, but interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience in a Democratic Leadership office. Please send a resume and cover letter to deminternship2016@gmail.com. Please no drop-ins, phone calls, or emailing staff members.
The Republican Office of The Committee on House Administration seeks energetic and self-motivated individuals for the committee’s paid 2016 Summer Internship Program. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Intern responsibilities include assisting with the Intern Lecture Series, answering phones, aiding in the execution of daily events and meetings,
 MEM-045-16
 MEM-043-16
 MEM-041-16
Page 10 of 18

 MEM-040-16
filing and scanning committee documents, and assisting staff with various projects. The ideal candidate would have excellent communications skills, be detail oriented, and work well as part of a team. Interested applicants should apply before March 10, 2016 at http://cha.house.gov/internshipapplication.
Congressman John K. Delaney (MD-6) seeks full time press intern for Spring 2016. Press intern will work directly with Communications Director. Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills and ability to work in fast-paced environment. Experience with graphic design and database management is a plus. Responsibilities include drafting releases and related press materials, monitoring social media, research and staffing events. Position is unpaid but a successful candidate will have opportunity for promotion. No calls or drop-ins, applicants should send resume and writing sample to will.mcdonald@mail.house.gov. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
The Office of Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster (NH-02) is seeking qualified candidates to intern full time and part time in our Washington, D.C. office this summer. Interns will have a chance to experience first-hand the operations of a U.S. Congressional office, learn about the legislative process, and gain Capitol Hill experience.
Responsibilities include administrative tasks such as answering phones, welcoming guests, and leading constituent tours. In addition, interns will be required to conduct legislative research, draft constituent correspondence and vote recommendations, attend briefings and hearings, and other projects as needed.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to the Northeast—especially New Hampshire—are preferred, but not required.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references to NH02.Internship@mail.house.gov. Please include “Last Name, First Name - Internship Application” in the subject line and include your available start and end dates and weekly schedule in the email.
Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
spring. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
 MEM-038-16
 MEM-036-16
Page 11 of 18

 MEM-035-16
MEM-034-16
sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a resume and two writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject “Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available immediately full-time and part- time internships in his Little Rock, Arkansas, and Conway, Arkansas offices. Interns will have the opportunity to work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, answering constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct research, assist with correspondence, and attend press and other events.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be able to work both independently and as part of a team. Successful intern candidates will demonstrate a positive attitude, strong work ethic, dedication to constituent service, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates also should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics along with social media and other communications experience. Arkansas ties are strongly preferred.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.
Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available immediately full-time and part- time legislative press internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Interns will work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the communications process and the U.S. Congress.
Intern responsibilities include working directly with our communications team, greeting constituents, answering constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be able to work both independently and as part of a team. Successful intern candidates will
  MEM-033-16
Page 12 of 18

 MEM-032-16
demonstrate a positive attitude, strong work ethic, dedication to constituent service, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates also should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics along with social media and other communications experience. Arkansas ties are strongly preferred.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.
Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available immediately full-time and part- time legislative internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Interns will have the opportunity to work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, answering constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be able to work both independently and as part of a team. Successful intern candidates will demonstrate a positive attitude, strong work ethic, dedication to constituent service, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates also should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics. Social media and other communications experience are a plus, and Arkansas ties are strongly preferred.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Jody Hice is seeking 2016 Spring Interns. Applicants should be motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individual with excellent oral and written communication skills. Individuals should demonstrate strong interpersonal skills and ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong computing skills, and have a sound work ethic. Intern responsibilities include but are not limited: to answering and screening telephone calls, greeting constituents and visitors, giving tours of the Capitol, monitoring media hits, writing constituent letters, assisting with the planning, preparation and execution of Member events and appearances, assisting staff with special projects, research and assignments, and other duties as necessary. Although the internship is unpaid, interns will gain valuable firsthand experience in a Congressional setting. Hours are flexible, and can be shaped around class and work commitments. Interested applicants should fill out the application below and send their Resume and Cover letter to: Nadgey.Louis-Charles@mail.house.gov. In the subject Line please put First Name Last Name: Internship Application.
 MEM-031-16
 Page 13 of 18

MEM-026-16
Arizona Republican is seeking spring semester interns for his Washington D.C. office. Duties of interns include answering telephones, greeting visitors, conducting tours, sorting mail, and assisting staff members with projects as needed. Applicants should be organized, should have strong time management and writing skills, and should be able to complete tasks with minimal supervision. Arizona ties and previous Hill experience a plus but not required.
Please send a cover letter, one-page resume, and a two- to three-page writing sample to GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com with “Internship Application” in the subject line. No phone calls please.
Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks full time hard working intern for Winter/Spring 2016. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to Brian.Cusack@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for Spring of 2016. Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com. No phone calls, please.
Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-
 MEM-025-16
MEM-022-16
  MEM-017-16
Page 14 of 18

 MEM-014-16
paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to michelle.serrato@mail.house.gov
Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions immediately. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Louisiana ties are a plus but not required. If you are a student we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for academic credit. Please send a résumé and cover letter in PDF form to LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.
The Office of Congresswoman Marcia L. Fudge is looking for a motivated unpaid press intern in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern responsibilities include assisting the staff with general office duties, attending briefings and hearings, assisting communications team with research and writing support, compiling news clips, drafting press releases, developing copy for the web, answering phones, sorting mail, and giving Capitol tours. Applicants must possess strong writing and communication skills, have a positive attitude and be well-organized. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resumé, and writing sample to District11resumes@mail.house.gov.Ohio ties preferred, but not required. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
The office of Representative Marcia L. Fudge is looking for a motivated unpaid intern in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern responsibilities include assisting the staff with general office duties, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, sorting mail, giving Capitol tours, and performing various other tasks as assigned. Applicants must possess strong communication skills, have a positive attitude and be well-organized. Interested candidates should send a cover
letter, résumé, and writing sample to District11resumes@mail.house.gov. Ohio ties preferred, but not required. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
The Washington, DC office of a Senior North Carolina Congressman seeks applicants for a paid full-time internship. The office is looking for a highly motivated intern that can start in January. The individual should be able to multi- task and be prepared to work in a fast-paced office. Some responsibilities include attending briefings, answering phones, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence and mail, and working on various projects for the staff as needed. North Carolina ties are encouraged, but not required. In order to apply, please send capitolhill45@gmail.com a resume and cover letter with “NC Intern
 MEM-010-16
 MEM-009-16
MEM-008-16
  Page 15 of 18

MEM-007-16
Application” in the subject line.
The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students, as well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for Summer 2016 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone inquiries and providing support to all Committee staff. Background in science a plus. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to bess.larson@mail.house.gov.
House Judiciary Committee Democratic press office seeks self-motivated, detail- oriented and highly energetic part-time press intern for spring 2016. Duties include, but are not limited to:
· Compiling daily news clips
· Issue tracking and research
· Drafting media releases and statements
· Maintaining media lists
· Conceptualizing social media content and graphic designs
· Basic website maintenance
· Special event support
A background in journalism or communications and special skills such as photography, video editing and graphic design a plus, but not required. Undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates, are encouraged to apply. Michigan ties are a plus. Start and end dates are flexible. This internship is unpaid, but the office will accommodate applicants seeking to earn academic credit. Please submit a one page resume, a short writing sample, and a cover letter that includes date and hours of availability to HouseJudiciaryDems@gmail.com. No calls or walk-ins please.
Democratic Member of Congress seeks full-time or part-time unpaid Congressional interns to begin immediately. The responsibilities of a Congressional intern primarily focus on helping the Congressman communicate with his 700,000-plus constituents. Interns will assist the team with phones, mail, tours of the U.S. Capitol Building, and related front office duties. Additional tasks, including drafting correspondence, research projects, and attending hearings may be assigned on a case by case basis.
Candidates should possess excellent communication skills (both verbal and written) and an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress. Ideal candidates are positive, energetic, and eager to assist with the legislative and administrative needs of the staff. West Coast ties are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to andy.hackbarth@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-006-16
  MEM-005-16
 Page 16 of 18

MEM-004-16
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill winter/spring internship positions. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. Spanish-fluency, California ties, and full-week availability are all plusses. Please send a résumé, cover letter, a short writing sample (no longer than one page), and dates of availability to jhostyn.duval@mail.house.gov with “Intern” in the subject line.
Midwest Democrat is seeking interns available for an immediate start for the spring 2016 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid.
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American Government, fiscal issues, education and reproductive rights. Wisconsin ties a plus.
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00 pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov ASAP.
Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
spring. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
 MEM-003-16
 MEM-002-16
 Page 17 of 18

MEM-001-16
The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a resume and two writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject “Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
 Page 18 of 18
