 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-345-17
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 25, 2017
The office of Congressman Robert Pittenger (R-NC) is currently accepting applications for legislative interns. Candidates should be highly qualified and have excellent writing, research, and interpersonal skills. Ideally, candidates should also be motivated, analytical, and meticulous. This is an unpaid position, but interns will have the opportunity to collaborate with the legislative staff on various projects and regularly attend hearings, briefings, and meetings. Responsibilities also include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, corresponding with constituents, and other miscellaneous tasks for the legislative staff. Internships can be full or part-time with flexible hours to accommodate student course schedules. Academic credit may also be available based on the candidate's academic institution.
Interested candidates should email a resume to Drew.Nirenberg@mail.house.gov.
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid congressional internship for Fall 2017. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are preferred. Please send a
 MEM-344-17
Page 1 of 8

 MEM-342-17
resume, cover letter and writing sample
to md06.internships@mail.house.gov with “Fall Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for the Spring 2018 semester in the Capitol Hill office. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First Congressional District are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to katie.mazzola@mail.house.gov before October 16, 2017.
The office of Congressman Walter B. Jones (NC-03) is currently seeking applicants for an internship in either his Washington, D.C. or Greenville, N.C. office for the Spring 2017 term. Interns in the Washington office help draft constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, and function as a key part of the staff. Interns also assist with answering phone calls, providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the mail that the office receives. In the state office, interns will interact with constituents, work with federal agencies, and participate in outreach projects in order to resolve problems facing the people of Eastern North Carolina, as well as assist the staff with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fast paced setting. The ideal candidate possesses strong organizational, communication, and writing skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a must. Although the internship is unpaid, you will gain valuable professional experience and an inside look at the lawmaking process on Capitol Hill. Academic credit is available for qualifying students. North Carolina and/or military ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should apply at www.jones.house.gov by November 1st, 2017.
The Republican staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives seeks candidates for law student, graduate student, and undergraduate student internships for fall 2017. Interns will have the opportunity to participate in substantive work on investigations and legislation, attend hearings and briefings, and participate in an intern education program. Undergraduate interns will also rotate through assisting in the front office on a recurring basis.
 MEM-341-17
 MEM-340-17
Page 2 of 8

  MEM-338-17
Fall internships are available immediately and typically run through the middle of December, although specific dates will be determined a case-by-case basis. Interns must be available at least three days a week, and preference will be afforded to those available full time.
The strongest candidates will exhibit an excellent work ethic, discretion in working on confidential matters, and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the Committee’s work.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter detailing their interest in the position to Cameron.Connor@mail.house.gov and Michael.Watson@mail.house.gov. Graduate students and law students are encouraged to include an unedited writing sample.
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff is seeking a motivated and reliable digital intern to fill a fall position. This is an excellent opportunity to those who are interested in digital design, social media, technology, and the congressional process. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation, analytics, photography, videography, and performing other press and administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess skills in Adobe programs, CMS, manual photography, analytics, and an ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Please send a résumé and portfolio to Oversight.Democrats@mail.house.gov, with “Digital Intern” in the subject line.
The Office of Representative Jason Lewis (MN-02) is accepting applications for unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Fall 2017 in his district office in Burnsville, MN. In the district office, interns may be asked to carry out a variety of duties including day-to-day office work such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with constituent intake. In addition, interns may be assigned to assist with constituent casework or work on district-based projects of importance.
Strong candidates will be motivated, meticulous, and eager to learn. Internships can be part-time with flexible hours to accommodate student course schedules. Internships are unpaid, but academic credit may also be available based on the candidate’s academic institution. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to angela.sedlacek@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research. Although all internships
 MEM-337-17
 MEM-336-17
Page 3 of 8

 MEM-325-17 MEM-321-17
are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students to receive college credit. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover letter to hannah.cooke@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
The office of Congressman Buchanan is looking for full and part time spring interns who are available to start late December 2017 or early January 2018. Please email resumes to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Tom Suozzi (NY-03) seeks an unpaid press and digital intern to assist a fast-paced communications operation. Qualified candidates should have an interest in communications, strong computer skills, and good writing and editing abilities.
Specific tasks include:
• Helping put together our monthly e-newsletter;
• Assisting with media monitoring and building press lists;
• Drafting press releases and related media materials;
• Developing social media content and graphics;
• Conducting research for communications and legislative staff; and
• Answering phones and writing constituent correspondence.
Interested applicants should send a resume and two writing samples to graham.long2@mail.house.gov.
The office of Representative Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) seeks full-time interns in his Washington, DC office for the 2017 Fall session, starting immediately. Ideal candidates possess strong written and verbal communication skills, organizational skills, an attention to detail, and a positive attitude. Main responsibilities include overseeing tour and flag requests, giving tours, attending briefings, helping with graphic design, processing mail and letters, assisting with constituent correspondence, and helping with other office duties. California ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to Courtney.bradway@mail.house.gov.
The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications for the 2017 Fall Semester. This is a full-time internship that requires a flexible schedule. Our internship term runs from Mid-September through mid-December. Interns will assist with Caucus meetings, Member outreach, legislative work and data entry. Interns will also handle front office duties such as answering phones, distributing mail, coordinating Capitol tours, and greeting visitors. Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude and a great work ethic. Candidates with prior Hill experience and familiarity with House Democrats are preferred.
  MEM-320-17
 MEM-318-17
Page 4 of 8

 MEM-317-17 MEM-315-17
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2017 Fall Democratic Caucus Internship” in the subject line.
The office of Congressman Buchanan is looking for Congressional Interns for fall and spring. Please email and a resume to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.
“Florida Republican Congressman is seeking motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions for Fall 2017. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research, and performing other legislative tasks as necessary.
Candidates should possess excellent written and oral communication skills; a strong attentiveness to detail; an ability to work in a fast-paced environment; and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. Candidates with a strong interest in foreign affairs, defense, terrorism, and/or Israel affairs will find additional insight into these issues as part of the internship, but is not required. We welcome candidates with any policy interests.
While the internship is unpaid, we strive to provide a meaningful and purposeful internship for successful candidates. This position will help you understand the inner workings of Capitol Hill in a way that is impossible to get otherwise. You will finish your internship with in-depth knowledge about an issue that you care about. If you are a student, we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for academic credit.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Florida ties are a plus but not required. Send a resume, cover letter, and a very brief statement (one paragraph at most) on policy areas that interest you. Please compile these documents into a single PDF or Word document and email to FL06.internships@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.”
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Fall of 2017.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips at 7:45 am and ends at 3:45 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on Rules. The Rules Committee <http://democrats.rules.house.gov/> determines the
  MEM-314-17
 Page 5 of 8

   MEM-313-17
parameters of debate for all major legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if applicable, a portfolio sample to Sam Menchel at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house. <mailto:NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov>. Please do not hesitate to contact Sam at 202-225-3615 <tel:202-225-3615> with any questions.
Mid-Atlantic member seeks a press intern to begin immediately in the Washington, D.C. office. The role of the press intern is to help support the Communications Director and Press Assistant in day-to-day tasks in the press shop, from special projects to copy editing to assisting with digital communications. This is an unpaid internship, but is an excellent opportunity for students seeking academic credit.
Responsibilities include:
• Research to support office communication and legislative efforts; • Compile daily clips;
• Draft social media, newsletters and other written communication; • Manage and update press lists;
• Attend briefings and press events;
• Answer phones and log constituent mail;
• Give Capitol tours and;
• Assist with general office duties.
Requirements and expectations: Ideal candidates must be strong writers, possess acute attention to detail, have a thorough understanding of all social media and digital platforms and be able to work quickly and efficiently. Graphic design skills, relevant course work, and/or experience in media are appreciated. Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events, policy subjects and issues affecting the Mid-Atlantic region. Interested candidates should submit their resume, cover letter and writing sample to sean.gogolin@mail.house.gov. The subject line should read “Fall Press Internship Application.” Maryland ties preferred, but not required. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
Congressman Dan Kildee’s Washington, D.C. office is always seeking motivated and hard-working college students for fall, spring or summer internships. Although internships are unpaid, students will gain valuable work experience in a fast-paced congressional office.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral and written communications skills, responsible, dependable, and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them. Tasks include and are not limited to the following: Researching legislative issues,
 MEM-311-17
  Page 6 of 8

  MEM-310-17
preparing constituent correspondence, data entry, and helping maintain the efficient day-to-day operations of an active Congressional office.
If interested, please send a cover letter, a resume, and letters of recommendation to Sean Lehman at sean.lehman@mail.house.gov.
For more information on Congressman Dan Kildee and Michigan’s 5th Congressional District, please visit our website at www.dankildee.house.gov.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Don Bacon is currently seeking applicants for a full-time internship to start immediately for the Fall 2017 term, running through mid-December. Responsibilities include assisting the staff with front office operations, conducting legislative research, answering constituent calls and inquiries, conducting U.S. Capitol tours, attending committee briefings and hearings, and learning about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be ambitious, proactive, have a positive attitude and demonstrate a strong interest in the legislative process. Unpaid internships are available to qualified college students seeking college credit or recent college graduates. Nebraska ties preferred but not required. No drop-ins or calls. Please e-mail a resume and cover letter to Jason.Tyler@mail.house.gov with a subject line of “Fall 2017 Internship Application”.
U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ) seeks fall interns for his Washington, DC office. Duties include sorting and processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, and drafting constituent correspondence. This internship is unpaid.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the Ways and Means Committee and Budget Committee. This internship is an opportunity to work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to Christopher Hadad (Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).
Congressman John Conyers, Jr. (MI-13), Dean of the House of Representatives, Ranking Member on House Judiciary Committee, and longtime advocate for Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s vision of “Jobs, Justice, and Peace,” seeks full-time or part-time unpaid interns/fellows with interest and/or background in macroeconomic policy, in particular a focus on promoting a full employment economy (see goo.gl/QP5xLV); AND/OR interest and/or background in international relations and a deep commitment to promoting de-escalation of conflict abroad through diplomatic engagement. While absolutely not required, grassroots advocacy experience, web design skills, foreign language skills (particularly Spanish, Haitian Creole, Portuguese, Arabic, Russian, or Korean), and/or graduate degrees in a relevant field are preferred. The position will include significant research, writing, event planning, and creative thinking to
 MEM-307-17
 MEM-268-17
 Page 7 of 8

advance Congressman Conyers’ agenda. This is a policy-oriented position -- administrative tasks will be kept to a minimum. To apply, send a resume and brief cover letter (and, if possible, a brief writing sample on a relevant topic), highlighting your passion, relevant experience, and potential work availability to JobsJusticePeace2017@gmail.com. Women, minorities, immigrants, individuals with disabilities, individuals from economically disadvantaged backgrounds, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. If you are not sure whether you are qualified, but are interested, please do not hesitate to apply.
 Page 8 of 8
