 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 29, 2019
 MEM-358-19
The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated, personable and professional legislative intern for the Fall 2019 session. Tasks include answering the phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail, addressing constituent concerns, attending briefings and supporting legislative staff as needed. Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing skills, who pay close attention to detail.
Successful candidates would spend 25-40 hours per week interning in the DC office. Maryland ties a plus. A stipend is available.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability to employment@mail.house.gov. If you have further questions, please call the Intern Coordinator at (202) 225-4016.
  MEM-356-19 Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez was a faithful and tireless advocate of civic engagement. Marisol herself was afforded a public service internship with then- Judge Sylvia Garcia that led to a lifelong commitment to the ideals of enriching and empowering all people in her community. Through this fellowship, Marisol
 Page 1 of 23

will continue her legacy of service, education and a selfless dedication to the betterment of her community.
The Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship is a fully funded fellowship program in Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia’s Washington, DC office. It is a competitive program awarded to outstanding students or recent graduates with a demonstrated interest in public service or public policy and strong ties to the 29th Congressional District of Texas.
The fellow(s) will gain hands-on office experience while learning about the legislative process. They will work closely with staff conducting research, drafting letters, and preparing for hearings. Other responsibilities will include leading Capitol tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
The position is available beginning in August 2019. To apply, send a resume and cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Marisol Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
  MEM-355-19
The Office of Congressman Roger Williams (TX-25) is currently seeking candidates for a paid internship for the 2019 Fall semester in our Washington D.C. office. Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable, and hold strong communication skills. Primary responsibilities include answering phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, assisting the legislative staff, attending Congressional hearings, and completing legislative projects in a timely manner.
Successful candidates will be personable, flexible, detail-oriented, willing to learn, and proactive. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. Texas ties are preferred but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter with the subject line “Fall 2019 Congressional Internship” to Colton Teis at Colton.Teis@mail.house.gov
  Page 2 of 23

MEM-354-19
The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or part-time paid interns for his Washington, D.C. office during the fall semester. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research. Although all internships are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students to receive college credit. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover letter to hannah.cooke@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
  MEM-353-19
The Democratic Majority of the Committee on Rules is seeking a full-time press intern for the upcoming semester (September-December). Opportunities will include compiling daily press clips, working collaboratively to generate creative and engaging content for digital platforms, and assisting communications staff with the creation of additional materials as needed.
Ideal candidate is a politically savvy, detail-oriented, and creative self-starter who is familiar with graphic and/or video design, with an interest in learning about House procedure. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please. Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and diverse candidates, those with untraditional backgrounds, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send both a resume and brief cover letter with the subject line: Rules Press Intern Fall 2019 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to join, in particular, the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov
  MEM-352-19
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic interns for the upcoming semester (September – December). Our interns work closely with Committee staff to prepare materials for Committee meetings, process incoming amendments to bills, conduct research projects, answer phones, learn about the Rules of the House and the special-order process, and complete a variety of other administrative tasks.
Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work ethic, an interest in learning about House floor procedures, and are detail-oriented. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please. Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
 Page 3 of 23

strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line: Rules Intern Fall 2019 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to join the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov
  MEM-351-19
The House Democratic Policy & Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a press intern to begin in September to support the communications team. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting press materials, maintaining website and digital platforms, clipping and editing videos, updating reporter and contact lists, coordinating events, and other administrative duties as assigned.
Candidates must have strong writing skills, familiarity with digital products and editing software, and the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to dpcc@mail.house.gov with the subject line “2019 Summer DPCC Internship.”
  MEM-350-19
NY Democrat seeks a highly motivated Press Fellow to help their communications team execute their press and social media strategy. Responsibilities include writing talking points and speeches, maintaining media lists, drafting letters and correspondence, writing press releases and statements, media monitoring, compiling daily press clips, and assisting the Communications team in drafting prep materials and other written products. Candidates must possess strong writing and time management skills.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and 3 writing samples to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov “Press Fellow” in the subject line.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected by law.
  MEM-349-19
NY Democrat seeks a highly motivated Digital Media Fellow to join its fast- paced Washington D.C. communications operation. Primary responsibilities will include taking photos, filming and live streaming events, drafting and creating social media content, aiding in the design of mailers, and producing high-quality online graphics and videos. A qualified candidate will be interested in digital press strategy, be ready to work in a fast-paced environment, and will take initiative. Past experience in communications or digital roles is preferred. Experience in filming and editing is required. New York ties are a plus.
 Page 4 of 23

Please send a cover letter, resume, and 3 samples of video editing or graphic design to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov with “Digital Media Fellow” in the subject line.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected by law.
  MEM-348-19
The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a paid press intern for the DC office this fall. Qualified applicants have very strong writing and communication skills, experience with video editing and content creation, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Spanish speaking candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: working closely with staff to draft social media content on a variety of issues and social media platforms, tracking media coverage, executing daily press clips, and editing the weekly video shoot.
The position is available beginning in August 2019. To apply, send a resume and cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Press Internship Application”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
  MEM-347-19
The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individual for a paid internship position this fall in Washington, DC. This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to gain hands- on office experience while learning about the legislative process. Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, participating in hearing preparation, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
The position is available beginning in August 2019. To apply, send a resume and cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Internship
  Page 5 of 23

Application”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
 MEM-346-19
Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for the Fall 2019 session in his Capitol Hill office. The fall session dates are August 26- December 20th. The internship schedule is flexible to accommodate classes. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First Congressional District are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Curran.smolinsky@mail.house.gov before August 16th . Please specify what your internship schedule may look like.
  MEM-345-19
Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger seeks a driven, detail-oriented, hardworking, and engaged individual to join her DC staff for a fall semester internship. Elected in 2018, Spanberger is the first woman to represent Virginia’s 7th district and the first democrat in 50 years. Her dynamic team is working to improve the lives of 7th district constituents and communities.
Essential duties and responsibilities include assisting the front office staff with answering constituent phone calls, sorting and batching mail, drafting correspondence, addressing concerns of constituents, working with the legislative team to conduct research on issue areas, collaborating with the Communications department to track, organize, and manage social media accounts, and giving staff-led tours throughout the Capitol.
Knowledge, skills, and abilities include: Responsible, reliable, punctual; knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs; ability to problem solve, think quickly, and adapt; and handle sensitive information.
Please visit https://spanberger.house.gov/contact/student-internships.htm for additional information and instructions on how to apply.
  MEM-343-19 The Office of Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is currently seeking a paid legislative intern for the Fall of 2019 in his Washington, D.C. office. Full-
 Page 6 of 23

time is preferred beginning in September- will also be accepting part-time applicants as long as they can commit to 15-20 hours per week.
Qualified applicants should have strong oral & written communication skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, the willingness to work in a fast-paced environment, and be comfortable assisting constituents. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply, NY ties are a plus!
Deadline to apply is August 12th, 2019. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter via email to laura.bart@mail.house.gov
  MEM-342-19
The Washington D.C. office of Congresswoman Suzan DelBene (WA-01) seeks paid interns for our Fall 2019 Internship Program. Ideal candidates will possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, experience with research, and an enthusiasm for civics and constituent service. Applicants must be prepared to juggle multiple different tasks in a fast-paced environment.
Intern duties include:
• Constituent services (answering and logging phone calls, conducting Capitol tours, etc.)
• Researching and writing responses to constituent letters
• Assisting legislative staff with issue research and briefings
• Other duties as assigned
To apply, please send a cover letter, 1-2 page writing sample, and resume to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. Interns will be paid a stipend. The internship will start at the end of August/beginning of September. Drop-ins and phone calls are discouraged.
The office of Congresswoman DelBene is an equal opportunity employer. Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and members of the LGBTQ community are encouraged to apply. Washington state ties are a bonus.
  MEM-341-19
Midwest Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in the Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent constituent service.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general office administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and work well in a team environment.
Requirements: Please e-mail resume and cover letter to NE.01@mail.house.gov with "Fall Intern” in the subject line.
  Page 7 of 23

MEM-340-19
The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking a full or part-time press intern to assist a fast-paced press team in Washington D.C. Intern duties include drafting press releases and advisories, drafting digital content, sorting press clips, and assisting the press team with a variety of projects as needed. The ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills and is passionate about public service. Adobe Premiere, Photoshop, and Illustrator skills a plus.
Preference will be given to candidates who have completed their first year of college, who have Pennsylvania ties, and who are majoring in Communications, Journalism, Public Relations, English, Government or other related fields. At the top of your cover letter, please indicate that you are specifically interested in the press internship. Please be advised that though this is a press-focused internship, regular intern duties will also be assigned.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com
  MEM-339-19
The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) has Fall 2019 openings for full and part-time congressional interns for her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning immediately, and a preference will be given for those who can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania ties are a plus but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com
  MEM-338-19
The DC office of Congressman Scott DesJarlais (TN-04) is looking for fall interns, mid-August through December. The responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer phones, conduct Capitol tours, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday. Interested candidates should e-mail an updated resume and cover letter to MeKenna.Carman@mail.house.gov
  Page 8 of 23

MEM-335-19
Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Fall 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required. To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to: Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; • good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
• performs research
• sorts and distributes mail;
• attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
• performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests, including names and addresses of constituents;
• answers the telephones;
• notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant information;
• greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
• performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor
  MEM-332-19
The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking Fall 2019 interns for our Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are strongly preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
 Page 9 of 23

Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall Intern” in the subject line by COB Monday August 5, 2019. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
  MEM-329-19
The Office of Congressman Andy Bar (R-KY) is seeking internship applicants for the Fall 2019 Program in Washington, D.C. Qualified candidates should be able to perform in a fast pace environment and have an interest in public service. Kentucky ties will be preferred. We are looking for students working towards the following majors, including but not limited to – Business, Public Policy, Political Science, Sociology, Finance, Human Health Services, Communication, Social Work, International Studies, and Journalism.
Interested applicants should send a resume and a cover letter to matthew.jackson@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2019 Internship” in the subject line.
  MEM-328-19
The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a press intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation for Fall 2019 (starting at the beginning of August 2019). This is a paid position. Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing, event planning, social media, graphic design, and photography skills, and be able to work on tight deadlines. Selected candidates will also be expected to perform standard administrative duties.
Intern responsibilities include:
* Social media content development * Event photography
* Compiling press clips
* Clipping videos
* Creating graphics
* Drafting press releases
* Answering phones
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and dates of availability to GwenMoorePress.Moore@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2019 Press Internship” in the subject line. We also recommend, but do not require, applicants submit 1-3 sample graphics.
  MEM-327-19
A senior-ranking Republican member on the Committee of Ways & Means is seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships for Fall of 2019. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. D.C. responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings. Florida ties are strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to housegopinternshipfl@outlook.com. No phone calls or drop-ins will be considered.
  Page 10 of 23

MEM-326-19
Congressman David P. Joyce (OH-14) is currently accepting applications for his fall 2019 internship program in his Washington D.C. office. The hours for the fall program can be negotiated based on students class schedules. In Washington, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Please send resumes to Natalie.hellmann@mail.house.gov
   MEM-325-19
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Hakeem Jeffries (NY-08) seeks applicants for a legislative internship during the fall of 2019. Interns will learn about the inner workings of a congressional office, while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include answering and screening phone calls, managing the front office, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings, drafting constituent correspondences and working on special projects as needed. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail and an interest in the legislative and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. Positions are available beginning in August 2019, and applications will be considered on a rolling basis. Full- and part-time candidates will be considered. Opportunities for school credit are available, and a stipend will be provided to qualifying Interns. New York ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should email their resume, cover letter and a brief writing sample to newyork08resumes@gmail.com with “Fall 2019 Legislative Internship” in the subject line.
Applicants must include their proposed start/end dates and availability in the email application. This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression or sexual orientation. Please, no calls or walk-ins.
  MEM-324-19
The office of Congressman Ralph Norman (SC-05) is currently accepting applications for fall interns at our Washington, D.C. office. Starting late August or September. Interns' responsibilities will vary. Fall opportunities begin August/ September 2019 and run through the end of the year. Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable and hold strong written and verbal communication skills.
 Page 11 of 23

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, attending Congressional hearings, assisting the legislative staff, and participating in a legislative project. Successful candidates will be mature, personable, detail-oriented, and self-starters.
The hours may be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but generally run 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Internships are available for 6 weeks, 8 weeks, and semester length.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and available start date to Kimberly Hammond at Kimberly.hammond@mail.house.gov
  MEM-322-19
The Office of Congressman Tom Suozzi (NY-03) is currently seeking full or part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall of 2019. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Interns will get to work in a fast-paced environment and learn how a Congressional office operates. Responsibilities include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting legislative research, attending briefings/hearings, leading Capitol tours, assisting with constituent relations, and managing the front office.
The internship gives students the opportunity to interact directly with the inner workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process. Ties to NY-03 are preferred but not required. Please send your resume and cover letter to michael.christesen@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line.
  MEM-321-19
Congressman Ron Kind’s Washington, D.C. office is currently accepting applications for fall internships. Duties include researching policy issues, responding to constituent mail, answering phones, distributing interoffice mail, and performing daily office tasks. Interns will have the opportunity to attend Congressional committee hearings, as well as other events. Candidates must be self-starters, professional communicators and have excellent writing and computer skills.
To apply for an internship, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to carter.macleod@mail.house.gov
  MEM-320-19
JOB TITLE: Fall 2019 Intern
SUMMARY:
Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with policy and administrative support. The individual is required to demonstrate exceptional research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Performs legislative and policy research.
 Page 12 of 23

*Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups by: *Researching background on witnesses and hearing topics.
*Finalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff.
*Delivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
*Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee. *Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
*Answering Phones
*General office tidiness and maintenance
*Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and policy negotiations, discussions and other activities.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least a Sophomore in college. Law school students and recent graduates are highly recommended to apply as well. Coursework and experience in Political Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related field is preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written communication skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines. Must be familiar with Microsoft Office.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to Amanda.Mims@mail.house.gov
  MEM-319-19
The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a legal intern for the Fall 2019 semester. In addition to providing administrative and operations support to the committee as needed, the legal intern will work closely with the Counsels team with research projects, drafting legislation, and attending meetings and briefings. Candidates should be current law students and require little supervision. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page resume and cover letter to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “Fall 2019 Legal Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
  MEM-318-19
Congressman Bill Huizenga (MI-02) is seeking Full time or Part Time Paid interns for Fall 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Michigan ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
To apply, email a single PDF including your resume and cover letter listing your availability to Jared.Wood@mail.house.gov
  MEM-317-19 Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez (CA-38) is seeking interns for her Washington, DC office. Students gain invaluable work experience through the internship program, and DC internships are paid. The hours are flexible to
 Page 13 of 23

accommodate students' course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
Interns will be asked to answer phones, research legislation, attend hearings and briefings, and draft constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA38 Fall Internship” in the subject line.
  MEM-316-19
Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-30) seeks highly motivated, professional, and dedicated interns who are passionate about government and politics. Strong oral and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Tasks include answering the phones, leading Capitol tours, addressing constituent concerns, attending briefings, and supporting legislative staff as needed. Ties to California’s 30th Congressional District are a plus, but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter and resume to Brads.Interns@mail.house.gov. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. We are currently seeking paid interns for:
Fall: August 26- December 20
  MEM-314-19
Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking applicants for part-time and full-time internships for the Fall of 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist with legislative and administrative work by attending briefings, answering phones, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative research, among other tasks. Kansas ties are preferred, but are not required.
If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to
KS04DC.InternApplication@mail.house.gov
  MEM-311-19
California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office, intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
 Page 14 of 23

Internships are unpaid but the office will provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com
  MEM-310-19
The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover letter to hannah.cooke@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
  MEM-309-19
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for Fall 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
To apply, email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and cover letter listing your availability to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-307-19
Southern Democratic Member of Congress seeks both full-time and part-time interns for Fall 2019 in the Washington, D.C. office and District Office. Responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, creating graphics, running errands, and drafting constituent correspondence. Applicants should have excellent written and verbal communication skills, and work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment. No drop-ins or phone calls.
Please email nchousejobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Fall 2019 - Internship Application” and what office you are interested in. Attach a resume, writing sample, and include information regarding your full-time or part-time availability. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
  MEM-305-19
The Office of Congressman Elijah E. Cummings (MD-07) seeks a dedicated, detail-oriented, and energetic law student to be a legal intern in his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants are to possess strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, advanced writing skills, superb research abilities and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Applicants must also be enrolled in good standing at an accredited law school. Interest in criminal justice and/or technology issues preferred.
 Page 15 of 23

Reporting directly to the Legislative Director, responsibilities include but are not limited to: supporting the Legislative Director and Counsels with legislative and legal research, assisting in developing legislation and preparing for investigative hearings, attending congressional briefings and hearings, participating in meeting preparation, composing memos and letters, and other administrative duties as assigned.
This full time or part-time position is available beginning in mid-August to mid- December. To apply, please visit the Congressman’s Internship Page https://cummings.house.gov/services/internships. Please thoroughly complete the application and submit that information for consideration. In order to be considered for the position, you must thoroughly submit the application located on this page.
  MEM-304-19
The Office of Congressman Elijah E. Cummings (MD-07) seeks dedicated, detail-oriented, and energetic undergraduate students for his fall internship program in his Washington, DC office. Applicants are to possess strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, strong writing skills, and a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: answering phones, assisting with greeting constituents and visitors, supporting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings and hearings, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available from mid- August to mid-December. To apply, please visit the Congressman’s Internship Page https://cummings.house.gov/services/internships
In order to be considered for the positions, you must thoroughly submit the application located on this page.
  MEM-301-19
Southern Republican seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individuals for internships in Washington, DC. Qualified Applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Duties include: answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings and answering constituent letters on various issues before the House.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to emilie.jones@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Fall 2019 Internship Application” in the subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to work in your cover letter.
   Page 16 of 23

MEM-300-19
In addition to providing administrative and operations support to the committee as needed, the legal intern will work closely with the Counsels team with research projects, drafting legislation, and attending meetings and briefings. Candidates should be current law students and require little supervision. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply
.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page resume and cover letter to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “Fall 2019 Legal Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
  MEM-299-19
Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (D-CT) is pleased to announce paid fall internship opportunities in her Washington, DC and Waterbury, CT offices. Internships are designed to offer students and recent graduates direct participation in public service through supporting our offices' constituent engagement and services, administrative responsibilities, and research. Interns' responsibilities will vary depending on the office in which they work. They will be asked to answer phones, assist with correspondence, coordinate and conduct tours, research legislation, assist with constituent casework, develop the Congresswoman’s community outreach, and attend hearings and briefings on various issues.
Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, flexible, and possess the ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Fall internships are available from mid-August through mid-December, with start and end dates tailored to accommodate an academic calendar year. Internship hours follow the floor schedule in Washington, DC, and run 9:00-5:00 PM on weekdays in Waterbury, CT.
Please note that interns are expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per week. Payment is limited to those interns who are not sponsored by outside organizations.
Please apply through the website at https://hayes.house.gov/services/internships. The deadline to apply is August 1, 2019. Please go no walk-ins or calls, please.
  MEM-297-19
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Fall 2019. The internship is scheduled to run through December, depending on the availability of the applicant.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and hearings.
 Page 17 of 23

 Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their internship through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with "2019 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
 MEM-296-19
The Minority Staff of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, the chief investigative body of the House of Representatives, is seeking full- and part-time interns for the fall semester. Interns will have the opportunity to work with the administrative, policy, and press teams, conducting research, assisting during hearings and markups, and helping with other administrative tasks as necessary. Fall internships begin in August or September and typically run through the middle of December. Specific dates for this internship will be determined on a case-by-case basis, and preference will be afforded to those who are available at least three days a week.
Applicants must be strong writers, organized, and detail-oriented, as they will balance multiple, often disparate, projects corresponding with the broad jurisdiction of the Committee. The strongest candidates will also exhibit discretion in working on confidential matters and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the Committee’s work.
Previous experience on Capitol Hill strongly desired, but not required. The position is unpaid, but we are happy to work with an applicant so they can receive class credit.
Interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to oversight.committee@mail.house.gov. Please place "INTERN" in the subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
  MEM-295-19
The Minority Staff of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, the chief investigative body of the House of Representatives, is seeking full- and part-time law clerks for the fall semester. Law Clerks will have the opportunity to work with the oversight and policy teams, conducting researching, reviewing documents, and preparing for hearings and markups.
Fall clerkships begin in August or September and typically run through the middle of December. Specific dates for this internship will be determined on a case-by-case basis, and preference will be afforded to those who are available at least three days a week.
Applicants must be law school students or recent graduates who are strong writers, organized, and detail-oriented, as they will balance multiple, often disparate, projects corresponding with the broad jurisdiction of the Committee. The strongest candidates will also exhibit discretion in working on confidential
 Page 18 of 23

matters and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the Committee’s work. This position is unpaid, but we are happy to work with an applicant so they can receive class credit.
Interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to oversight.committee@mail.house.gov. Please place "LAW CLERK" in the subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
  MEM-293-19
“San Antonio-native and fighting Texas Aggie, Congressman Will Hurd serves as the United States Representative for one of the largest non-state districts in the nation. Texas-23 stretches from San Antonio to El Paso and encompasses 820 miles of border. Prior to Congress, Hurd served for nearly a decade as an undercover CIA officer and helped start a cybersecurity company. The third-term Congressman is known for his bipartisan work on national security, border security, and cybersecurity.
An internship in the Washington, DC office encompasses a variety of tasks and assignments such as answering phones, greeting visitors, giving Capitol tours, writing letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be assigned to work with the legislative team and outreach staff to assist with legislation, special projects, writing, and/or research.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written communications skills. Schedule is flexible and stipends may be available. Texas ties preferred. Spanish speaking skills preferred, but not required.
To apply for an internship, please email your resume and a brief cover letter to Reilly.Knecht@mail.house.gov with “2019 Fall Internship” in the subject line. In your email, please specify your dates of availability.”
  MEM-286-19
Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for his Fall 2019 internship program in his Washington, D.C. office. He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated, detail-oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest.
Responsibilities will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on various projects. Candidates with particular policy interests in natural resources, forest management, transportation and infrastructure, healthcare, and juvenile justice should apply. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required.
 Page 19 of 23

Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
westerman.internship@yahoo.com
  MEM-284-19
Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-17) has Fall 2019 openings for full and part-time congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning in August/September, and a preference for those who can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania ties are a plus but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skill, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged to apply. There is a stipend and transit benefits are fully reimbursable.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov
  MEM-283-19
Congressman Dwight Evans (PA-03) is seeking highly motivated interns for the Fall of 2019. Strong communication skills required. Must be dependable and a team player. Duties include answering constituent phone calls and inquiries, attending congressional briefings and hearings, conducting research for legislative staff, compiling press clips for the communications team, and leading Capitol tours. Interns will gain valuable professional experience and inside knowledge of the legislative process on Capitol Hill.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Philadelphia or Pennsylvania ties preferred but not required. Qualified candidates should send a resume and cover letter to Matthew.Holcombe@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2019 Internship.”
  MEM-281-19
Congressman Hakeem Jeffries (NY-08) is accepting applications for a legal fellowship position in his Washington D.C. office. Positions are available starting in August, and applications will be considered on a rolling basis. This fellowship will provide a valuable, hands-on experience in a Congressional office and a greater understanding of the legislative process. Fellows will work closely with an active legislative team and will be expected to produce high-level content under tight deadlines.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, conducting policy research, drafting legislation, memos and briefs, assisting staff with preparation for Committee hearings and attending hearings and briefings. Fellows should expect to work on a variety of issue areas including matters before the House Judiciary and Budget Committees. Qualified applicants should have excellent research and
 Page 20 of 23

writing skills, the ability to perform under pressure, interest in the legislative process, a professional demeanor and a collegial attitude.
This is an excellent opportunity for current law school students and recent law school graduates seeking substantive Capitol Hill experience. No undergraduate students will be considered. Full-time availability is preferred, though part-time applicants will be considered.
Opportunities for school credit are available, and a stipend will be provided to qualifying Fellows. New York ties are preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter and a short writing sample to newyork08resumes@gmail.com with “Legal Fellowship” in the subject line. Applicants must include their proposed start/end dates and availability in the email application. Please, no calls or walk-ins.
  MEM-280-19
“A Midwest Republican House Member is seeking paid interns for the Fall 2019 session in his Capitol Hill office. The spring session dates are August 26th- December 13th, but more flexibility can be offered. The internship schedule is also flexible to accommodate classes. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to the Midwest are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Dylan.Jones@mail.house.gov before August 2nd. Please specify what your internship schedule may look like, including preferred start/end dates.”
  MEM-272-19
Congresswoman Lauren Underwood (IL-14) is delighted to announce fall internship opportunities in her Washington, DC and West Chicago, IL offices. Internships are designed to offer students and recent graduates direct participation in public service through supporting our offices' constituent engagement and services, administrative responsibilities, and research.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, assist with correspondence, coordinate and conduct tours, research legislation, assist with constituent casework, and attend hearings and briefings on various issues. Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, flexible, and possess the ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Fall internships are available from mid-August through mid-December, with start and end dates tailored to accommodate an academic calendar year. Internship
 Page 21 of 23

hours run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. on weekdays. Please note that interns are expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per week. A limited number of paid positions are available for internship applicants who are not sponsored by outside organizations.
To apply, please submit a single PDF including your resume, cover letter, and writing sample of your choice to IL14.Internship@gmail.com by August 1, 2019. Preference will be given to applicants with ties to the Illinois 14th.
For questions about internships please email IL14.Internship@gmail.com, or call our office (202) 225-2976.
   MEM-271-19
The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time Interns for the Washington, D.C. office starting at the end of August or beginning of September. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2019 Pocan Fall Internship” in the subject line. Deadline to apply is August 1st.
For further information regarding the internship and scholarship programs, please see the internship page on our website at: https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/
    MEM-267-19
Member of the U.S. House of Representatives is currently seeking full time interns to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2019 term from late August to December.
Responsibilities include reporting on hearings and briefings, tracking actions on the House floor, researching legislation before the House, giving tours of the U.S. Capitol to visitors, and answering and recording phone calls from constituents, among other duties.
Those interested should send a resume and cover letter that includes availability to HouseRepsInternship@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2019 Internship
  Page 22 of 23

Application” in the subject line by August 1, 2019. The position is open to current college students or recent graduates. Applicants able to work full-time and for the full duration of the Fall 2019 term are strongly preferred.
     Page 23 of 23
