 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-074-17
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 6, 2017
Democratic Congressman Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking highly motivated interns to join his Washington D.C. office. Interns will have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a congressional office and gain valuable work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence letters on various issues before the House. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to detail and ability to function in a fast-paced environment.
Full-time 3 month internship positions are available beginning in late March. California ties are preferred but not required. Internships are unpaid, however current students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply, please send cover letter, resume and brief writing sample to parker.dorrough@mail.house.gov by March 10, 2017.
Congressman Steve Womack is currently seeking hard-working interns in his Washington, D.C. office for March through May 2017. Interns will work closely
 MEM-073-17
Page 1 of 10

 MEM-071-17
MEM-070-17
with Congressman Womack’s staff and constituents while learning the inner workings of the United States Congress and about issues affecting Arkansans. Duties include, but are not limited to, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, sorting constituent mail, answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, and assisting staff members. Those interested in political science, government, public policy, business, and social work are encouraged to apply. Congressman Womack is a member of the Appropriations Committee, and serves on the Defense, Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, and Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies subcommittees. He also sits on the Budget Committee. Any interested candidates should send a current resume and cover letter to hannah.shea@mail.house.gov.
The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is seeking a full-time intern to start immediately. Successful candidates will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary responsibilities include answering phones and handling mail as well as assisting with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist with investigative research or other projects as needed. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. To apply please send your cover letter, resume and 1-2 page writing sample to oversight.democrats@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Internship.”
The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or part – time interns for the Spring 2017 and/or Summer 2017 semester(s) in Washington DC. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast- paced environment, and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject line “Spring 2017 Internship” OR “Summer 2017 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.
Democratic Leadership office is currently accepting intern resumes for the upcoming Summer 2017 Semester. The spring internship program will begin early May and run through July/August. Interns will assist with Member outreach, event planning, legislative work and press services. Interns will also be handling front office responsibilities, answering phones, distributing mail and directing guests to appropriate staffers. Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude, great work ethic and have a flexible schedule. Candidates involved in an education or leadership program are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume to Caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2017 Summer Democratic Leadership Internship” in the subject line.
  MEM-066-17
 Page 2 of 10

MEM-064-17
The House Ways and Means Democratic office is seeking an intern for approximately 2 months starting immediately. The position is ideal for a recent college graduate interested learning about the role of the Committee and the various aspects of its jurisdiction. Prefer someone available full time and with some previous Capitol Hill experience, but willing to negotiate for the right candidate. This internship is unpaid.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Assist front office staff with answering phones and projects; assist Ways and Means Committee Counsels in various research projects;
• Assist in preparation for Committee hearings and markups;
• Assist press staff on an as needed basis;
• Perform other duties as assigned by the Intern Coordinator
QUALIFICA TIONS:
• Excellent oral and written communication skills;
• high level of confidentiality;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; • good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and punctual.
If interested, please email your cover letter and resume to Carrie.Breidenbach@mail.house.gov and provide a brief introduction including your dates of availability.
Congresswoman Kathy Castor’s (FL-14) Washington, D.C. office is currently accepting applications for Full-Time Interns for her Summer 2017 Internship Program from May through June/July. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid. Applicants should be well- organized, responsible, reliable, and possesses excellent oral and written communication skills. Florida ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to FLdem.resume@gmail.com with “Summer Internship” in the subject line.
The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary responsibilities include answering phones and handling mail as well as assisting with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist with investigative
 MEM-062-17
 MEM-060-17
Page 3 of 10

 MEM-059-17
research or other projects as needed. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. To apply please send your cover letter, resume and 1-2 page writing sample to oversight.democrats@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Internship.”
Democratic Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks current college students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for summer 2017 internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern duties include answering phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail and faxes, leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and other responsibilities as needed. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral and written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to work on a variety of tasks. Preference given to interns with full-time availability, but those seeking part-time internships will be considered. Pennsylvania ties a plus but not required. Internship positions are unpaid. To apply, please email cover letter, resume, and a brief writing sample (no more than two pages) to Zach Rosen at Zach.Rosen@mail.house.gov. Please include availability in your cover letter.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer for 2017. Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Communications Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time legislative intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer of 2017. Ideal candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong work ethic and writing skills. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast- paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
 MEM-057-17
 MEM-056-17
Page 4 of 10

 MEM-055-17
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Legislative Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.
Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks full or part-time spring interns for her Washington, D.C. office. Interns will work in a fast-paced and fun congressional office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Additionally, interns will have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and briefings for the legislative staff. The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public service. Washington state ties are a plus, but are not required. Interested applicants should send a current resume and cover letter to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is currently seeking a full-time intern to start immediately with a flexible end date. Ideal candidates have excellent writing and research skills, a positive attitude, and a willingness to complete tasks as assigned. Intern responsibilities include researching and writing Congressional correspondence, helping constituents find information and fielding constituent phone calls. This internship also provides the opportunity to work closely with staff members and assist in various projects. Washington/West Coast ties are preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume, cover letter and two references to: katy.nazaretova@mail.house.gov. Please include “WA-02 Internship” in the subject line. This internship is unpaid but office will assist in acquiring academic credit for internship.
Conservative Florida Republican is currently seeking highly motivated and organized applicants for a full-time unpaid internship for the 2017 summer internship program. The internship is scheduled to run from May to August, but the months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or school schedule of the applicant. The internship program is open to college students and recent graduates who are interested in learning more about our country’s legislative process and the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume to FLConservative@mail.house.gov with "2017 Summer Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
 MEM-054-17
 MEM-052-17
 Page 5 of 10

MEM-051-17
MEM-050-17
Representative Derek Kilmer’s office (WA-06) is looking for Summer interns who can begin in either early-May or early-July. Washington ties are required and district ties preferred. To apply please send a resume, cover letter, and list of references to nwcongressionalinternship@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D), member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, is currently hiring interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include answering phones, sorting mail and faxes, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing general office support as needed. Intern candidates should be current or recent college students, regardless of major but with an interest in Congress and the legislative process. Full time availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are encouraged to apply as well. To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer for 2017. Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Communications Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time legislative intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer of 2017. Ideal candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong work ethic and writing skills. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast- paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
  MEM-047-17
 MEM-046-17
Page 6 of 10

 MEM-042-17
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Legislative Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.
Active Ranking Democrat of Committee seeks a paid communications intern to assist with personal office and Committee press operations. Primary responsibilities will include: compiling and distributing daily news clips; writing press releases; preparing letters to community and stakeholder groups; drafting website and social media content; and proof reading other materials. Attention to detail, strong writing skills, solid political instincts and sense of humor necessary for success. Position will last six months and pay a monthly stipend of $2,000. Potential for permanent hiring depending on performance. Please send a resume and one short writing sample to press.cjo@gmail.com.
The Office of Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks a full time, unpaid intern for part of the Spring Semester (March-May). Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to mark.galay@mail.house.gov.
The Washington D.C office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard is currently seeking a fulltime healthcare policy fellow for the spring. The fellow will be responsible in assisting with drafting memos on comprehensive policy issues, drafting legislation and amendments, writing speeches and statements, performing comprehensive research, and representing the Member in meetings with constituents and interested parties. Applicants should have excellent written and verbal communication skills. Graduate level students are welcome to apply. Please send a resume and cover letter to Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking an unpaid press intern to assist with fast-paced communications operation. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, event planning, social media (esp. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) and photography.
Intern duties may include:
- Daily press clips
- Answering phones
- Drafting documents for distribution to media - Messaging & interview prep documents
- Pitching to media
 MEM-041-17
MEM-040-17
MEM-038-17
  Page 7 of 10

 MEM-037-17
- Social media content development - Event photography
- ...and more!
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, writing sample and dates of availability to noor.teebi@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship” in the subject field.
Midwest Democrat is seeking interns available for an immediate start for the spring 2017 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American Government, fiscal issues, education and reproductive rights. Wisconsin ties a plus.
Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00 pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov ASAP.
Representative Claudia Tenney (NY-22) seeks interns for the Spring Semester. Intern duties include performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing mail, answering telephones, attending hearings and briefings, and any other office tasks. Ideal candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written communication skills. College credit is available if necessary. Preference will be given to New York natives; however, all are encouraged to apply. This internship is unpaid. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Joan.Stanton@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship” in the subject line.
Mid-Atlantic member seeks a press intern to begin immediately in the Washington, D.C. office. The role of the press intern is to help support the Communications Director in day-to-day tasks in the press shop, from special
 MEM-036-17
MEM-033-17
 Page 8 of 10

 MEM-032-17
projects to copy editing to assisting with digital communications. This is an unpaid internship, but is an excellent opportunity for students seeking academic credit.
Responsibilities include:
• Research to support office communication and legislative efforts; • Compile daily clips;
• Draft social media, newsletters and other written communication; • Manage and update press lists;
• Attend briefings and press events;
• Answer phones and log constituent mail; • Give Capitol tours and;
• Assist with general office duties.
Requirements and expectations: Ideal candidates must be strong writers, possess acute attention to detail, have a thorough understanding of all social media and digital platforms and be able to work quickly and efficiently. Graphic design skills, relevant course work, and/or experience in media are appreciated. Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events, policy subjects and issues affecting the Mid-Atlantic region. Interested candidates should submit their resume, cover letter and writing sample to hannah.cooper@mail.house.gov. The subject line should read “Spring Press Internship Application.” Maryland ties preferred, but not required. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
Rep. Jose E. Serrano’s (NY15) Washington, D.C. office is seeking a full- or part- time press intern from February through May/June. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. Duties include assisting with daily news clips, compiling news research, drafting media releases/advisories and social media content, maintaining press contact lists, and managing web content. This position requires attention to detail, strong writing ability and grammar skills, creativity and a willingness to learn. Proficiency in the Microsoft Office, Adobe suites and social media is preferred. A background in journalism or communications is a plus, but not required. Undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates, are encouraged to apply. New York ties are a plus. This internship is unpaid. Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to Serrano.Press@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Bob Gibbs (OH-07) is seeking candidates for a full-time, unpaid internship for the spring term and the summer session in the Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should be well-organized, responsible, reliable, and possess excellent oral and written communication skills. In addition, a qualified candidate will be generally knowledgeable of legislative issues and current events. Duties will include answering phones, researching legislation, giving Capitol tours, attending hearings and briefings, and assisting the Member and legislative staff.
 MEM-027-17
Page 9 of 10

Ohio ties are preferred, but not required. Any interested candidate should email his or her resume to mimi.bair@mail.house.gov.
 Page 10 of 10
