 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 7, 2019
 MEM-488-19
The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking
   undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for spring of 2020. Specifically we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the labor policy team, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the health policy team and graduate and legal interns and fellows for the oversight team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips.
Applicants who are applying for graduate internships or fellowships should be able to demonstrate academic or professional exposure to the subject matter of the team to which they are applying. Fellows must be participating in an
Page 1 of 11

established fellowship program. Applicants should be able to start in January and commit through April/May.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov and indicate, in the subject line of the email, to which position they are applying. Please also include ‘Spring 2020’ in the subject line. If you are applying for a graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short, relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Applicants should aim to submit their materials by November 1, 2019.
The Committee on Education and Labor is a legislative office within the U.S. House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over a broad array of child welfare, education and labor policy areas, including early childhood education, K-12 education, higher education, employer/employee relations, worker safety, and employer provided health care. Representative Robert C. “Bobby” Scott (D-VA) serves as Chairman.
     detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for internships in Washington, DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the Communications Director with drafting talking points, creating graphics for social media, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning in January 2020.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to work in your cover letter.
 MEM-486-19
The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
MEM-485-19 Congresswoman Lauren Underwood (IL-14) is delighted to announce spring internship opportunities in her Washington, DC and West Chicago, IL offices. Internships are designed to offer students and recent graduates direct participation in public service through supporting our offices' constituent engagement and services, administrative responsibilities, and research.
 Page 2 of 11

Interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, assist with correspondence, coordinate and conduct tours, research legislation, assist with constituent casework, and attend hearings and briefings on various issues. Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, flexible, and possess the ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Spring internships are available from January through mid-May, with start and end dates tailored to accommodate an academic calendar year. Internship hours run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. on weekdays. Please note that interns are expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per week. A limited number of paid positions are available for internship applicants who are not sponsored by outside organizations.
The deadline to apply, for the spring semester is October 31, 2019. Preference will be given to applicants with ties to the Illinois 14th.
To learn more and apply, please click here. (https://underwood.house.gov/services/internships/internship-form)
For questions about internships please call our office (202) 225-2976.
     the Spring 2020 session in his Capitol Hill office. The spring session dates are January 6th- May 15th. The internship schedule is flexible to accommodate classes. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First Congressional District are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Curran.smolinsky@mail.house.gov before November 4th. Please specify what your internship schedule may look like.
 MEM-484-19
Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for
MEM-481-19
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking interns for spring 2020. This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fast-paced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and stipends are offered based on need and ties to Tennessee’s 9th District. Interns will work for 10-12 weeks (January – May).
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service. •Strong communications and writing skills.
 Page 3 of 11

•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required. Responsibilities:
•Assisting with office administrative tasks including sorting incoming mail, greeting visitors and answering calls.
•Attending briefings, hearings and special events for legislative staff. •Writing constituent response letters and performing legislative research on behalf of the Member and legislative staff.
•Responding to requests from constituents including leading tours of the U.S. Capitol building.
To apply, applicants must send the following materials to Cohen.Internships@mail.house.gov:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
  MEM-478-19
The Office of Congressman Daniel Lipinski (IL-03) is currently seeking interns for the fall semester in the Washington D.C. office. Prospective interns should have a love for politics and the legislative process, a desire to learn, and a willingness to work hard in this fast-paced office.
Day to day intern responsibilities include: drafting constituent correspondence, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, working with legislative staff on policy issue research, attending briefings and hearings, and answering phones. Interns will work closely with legislative staff and will be given all the tools necessary to learn to become a congressional staffer by the end of the internship. Applications can be submitted via email to andrew.hoffner@mail.house.gov.
Applications are due by 5:00pm, Friday, October 11th. A complete application should include a cover letter, resume and one short writing sample of 2-3 pages. Please be sure the application includes your name, contact information, university, year of graduation, dates you are available, and your intended work schedule (full time or part time). Third District of Illinois ties are preferred. Please no drop ins.
  MEM-476-19
The House Committee on Financial Services-Republican Staff is seeking a legal intern for the Spring Semester. (Washington, DC) Applicants should be in their second or third year of law school. Although the internship is unpaid, the committee can offer credit. Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities include:
•Researching policy issues under the committee’s jurisdiction •Conducting legal research
•Attending briefings and hearings on the Hill
 Page 4 of 11

•Drafting memos
•Supporting committee counsel and professional staff members Please send resume and cover letter to Meg Shannon at meg.shannon@mail.house.gov
  MEM-475-19
The Democratic Staff of the House Natural Resources Committee is seeking full- time Legislative Interns for the Spring session (Jan-April). Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we seek interns who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources Committee’s jurisdiction and demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills.
A Legislative Internship offers a unique set of opportunities including the chance to attend Committee hearings, markups, briefings, and meetings, in addition to gaining firsthand experience with the legislative process at the Committee level. Primary duties include administrative assistance such as answering phone calls and processing mail, researching natural resources policy issues, and preparing for Committee hearings.
The deadline to apply for the Spring season is Friday November 1st. To apply, address your application materials to Carlyn LeGrant at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring Legislative Internship Application.” Please include a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample. For more information, visit www.naturalresources.house.gov/contact/internships
   MEM-472-19
The Office of Congressman Doug Lamborn (CO-05) is currently seeking candidates for a paid internship for the 2019 Fall semester in our Washington D.C. office.
Interns will assist the legislative staff by conducting research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping with administrative tasks. Interns will also greet constituents and should be team-oriented and have strong communication skills.
This is a paid internship that provides a truly unique experience to gain experience in a fast-paced office on Capitol Hill. Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to Wesley.Harkins@mail.house.gov with the subject line saying “Fall Internship”. Colorado ties not necessary but preferred.
  MEM-468-19
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks a full-time, paid Communications Intern for the fall/winter. Responsibilities include updating and maintaining the website, creating social media content and graphics, drafting press releases and op-eds, and compiling and tracking media coverage.
Additionally, this intern is critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
 Page 5 of 11

The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, creative, reliable, and have excellent writing and communications skills. Familiarity with social media and website development is strongly desired. An interest in science policy is a plus.
Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and social media graphic sample to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov with “Communications Intern” in the subject. Please include your approximate dates of availability. No calls or drop-ins please.
  MEM-463-19
Congressman Mark Walker of North Carolina (NC-06) is seeking full-time interns for the Fall 2019 session in our Washington, D.C. office. The fall session will end on December 20th, but flexibility can be offered. Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who pay close attention to detail, work well under deadlines, have a strong work ethic, and are interested in the legislative process. Strong communication skills are a must.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, attending Congressional hearings and briefings, assisting the legislative staff, and completing legislative projects in a timely manner. Ties to North Carolina are preferred but not required.
To apply, please e-mail resume and cover letter to Kyle.McKay@mail.house.gov. with “Fall Intern” in the subject line.
  MEM-461-19
The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting applications for full-time internships for the fall 2019 session. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced front office, answering phones, and greeting visitors.
Responsibilities also include assisting staff with hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic, team player attitude. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred. Note that Committee internships are unpaid positions.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to: var.internship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
  MEM-459-19 The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking Fall 2019 interns for our Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned.
    Page 6 of 11

Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall Intern” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
  MEM-455-19
The Office of Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur seeks a highly motivated Legislative Fellow to assist DC office in development and execution of policy and legislative strategy on a broad range of issues.
Responsibilities of the Fellow will include contributions to hearings and conduct relevant research; to staff meetings and attend briefings; conduct research, prepare questions, and help draft materials for the Member, including legislation. The position will also require occasional administrative duties. A candidate who is willing to be a team-player and assist with any project asked will best excel in this position. Candidates must possess strong communication (oral and written), writing, research, and time management skills.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to Courtney.Hruska@mail.house.gov with “Kaptur Fellow” in the subject line. This fellowship will come with a stipend and is for the remainder of 2019, with the possibility of extension into 2020. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
  MEM-449-19
Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking applicants for full-time internships for the Fall of 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist with legislative and administrative work by attending briefings, answering phones, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative research, among other tasks. Kansas ties are preferred, but are not required.
If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to
KS04DC.InternApplication@mail.house.gov
  MEM-447-19
Congressman Anthony Gonzalez’s Washington DC office is currently accepting Full-Time Paid Internship Applicants for the Fall Semester. Recent graduates interested in learning more about our country’s legislative and communicative process are encouraged to apply. Interns will be responsible for providing Capitol tours, legislative research, answering phone calls, and attending Congressional events like briefings, hearings, and meetings. Ohio ties are preferred but not required.
    Page 7 of 11

All interested applicants should e-mail their resume to Brendan at
brendan.otoole@mail.house.gov
  MEM-446-19
The Office of the Representative Linda Sánchez is currently accepting applications for a full-time Spring internship. Ideal candidates will possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Spring Internship” in the subject line. The application deadline is Friday, November 18th.
  MEM-443-19
The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform is seeking energetic and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time internships. The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research, drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes. Law students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee counsel and staff. Background: The Oversight and Reform Committee is the primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate any matter at any time.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the office full time are preferred. Applications:
Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a cover letter and resume to OversightJobs@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
  MEM-441-19 Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Fall 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with
 Page 8 of 11

various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to:
Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; •good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests, including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor
   MEM-438-19
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Mike Quigley (IL-05) is seeking a highly motivated press intern to join an active communications team for a full- time fall internship. Responsibilities will include drafting social media content, distributing morning press clips, assisting the Communications Director with drafting press releases and other written materials, and other responsibilities as needed. The press intern will also complete traditional Congressional intern tasks including answering phones, leading Capitol tours, and staffing the front desk as needed.
Ideal candidates will have ties to Chicago or Illinois and previous digital or campaign experience. Women, LGBT, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume and cover letter to Victoria.Oms@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press Intern.”
  Page 9 of 11

 MEM-434-19
Chicago based Democrat Mike Quigley (IL-05) is seeking interns for the fall
   semester in his Washington, DC office to start immediately. Candidates should possess an interest in the legislative process, excellent writing and communication skills, and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative team to conduct research, draft letters and policy memos. Responsibilities also include answering phone calls, drafting constituent correspondence, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, and related administrative work. Interns will have the opportunity to attend briefings, hearings, and other legislative events.
Individuals with Chicago ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified candidates should email their cover letters and resumes to Isabella.Spinozzi@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Internship Application.”
  MEM-432-19
The Democratic Majority of the Committee on Rules is seeking a full-time press
   intern for the upcoming semester (January-May). Opportunities will include compiling daily press clips, working collaboratively to generate creative and engaging content for digital platforms, and assisting communications staff with the creation of additional materials as needed.
Ideal candidate is a politically savvy, detail-oriented, and creative self-starter who is familiar with graphic and/or video design, with an interest in learning about House procedure. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please. Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and diverse candidates, those with untraditional backgrounds, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send both a resume and brief cover letter with the subject line: Press Intern Spring 2020 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to join, in particular, the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov. Please save requested documents in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” The deadline to apply is October 14, 2019.
 MEM-431-19
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic interns for the upcoming semester (January – May). Our interns work closely with Committee staff to prepare materials for Committee meetings, process incoming amendments to bills, conduct research projects, answer phones, learn about the Rules of the House and the special-order process, and complete a variety of other administrative tasks.
 Page 10 of 11

Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work ethic, an interest in learning about House floor procedures, and are detail-oriented. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please. Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line: Legislative Intern Spring 2020 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to join the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov. Please save requested documents in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” The deadline to apply is October 14, 2019.
      health care intern/fellow. This position will work on the health team. Candidates should have familiarity with health policy, including the Affordable Care Act. Knowledge of other statutes and policies within the Committee’s jurisdiction and how they impact health and human services policy is preferred. Prior Hill experience or policy experience is also preferred.
Tasks will include supporting the development of legislation regarding health policy, conducting issue and legislative research, and preparing written materials and legislative analyses. Applicants should be available to start in September 2019 and commit through December 2019.
To apply, applicants must submit the internship applicant information form (https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships/form), a resume and a short writing sample. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply. Please email resume and writing sample to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov with "Health Policy Intern/Fellow" in the subject line.
  MEM-416-19
The Democratic Staff on the House Education and Labor Committee seeks a
Page 11 of 11
