 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-237-16
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 1, 2016
Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions for the fall. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Louisiana ties are a plus but not required. If you are a student we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for academic credit. Please send a résumé and cover letter in PDF form to LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.
Legislative Internship Description:
Nevada Republican seeks a legislative intern for August 2016 and/or Fall 2016. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern
 MEM-236-16
Page 1 of 14

 MEM-235-16
responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Legislative Internship Qualifications:
Our office is looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be self- starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to do assist with daily office tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Legislative Internship Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00am- 6:00pm). Students welcome to apply. Those interested please send cover letter, updated resume, and references to austin.slaughter@mail.house.gov.
The Washington, DC, office of a high profile Member of Congress has unpaid internship openings to begin immediately through November. Interns are expected to work long hours and commit between 3-5 days per week. Internship duties include, but are not limited to compiling and daily clips, drafting press releases and op-eds, proofreading and editing, maintaining press lists, updating Member's communications calendar, website and social media platforms. Intern must also assist with answering phones, incoming and outgoing mail, addressing constituent concerns, and assisting the Legislative/District office staff. Strong writing skills are needed. Additionally, graphic design experience and a strong understanding of new media and social media platforms is recommended. Candidates with video editing experience are a plus.
The ideal candidate will be creative, motivated, mature, detail-orientated, and possess the ability to multi-task under high pressure. This is a great opportunity for college students and recent graduates. Women and minorities, especially those with Spanish language fluency, are highly encouraged to apply. New York ties are a plus. To apply for the position, please send your cover letter, resume, writing sample, and graphic/video portfolio (if applicable; hyperlinks ok) addressed to the Legislative Correspondent at
CBR.Intern13@mail.house.gov with the subject: Fall Intern.
Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) seeks highly-motivated, qualified interns with excellent research and communication abilities to join his district offices in Palm Desert and Hemet, California as part of the Fall 2016 Congressional Internship Program. Although congressional interns are unpaid they are considered an integral part of the office and are given an opportunity to expand their knowledge about public policy and the legislative process.
 MEM-233-16
Page 2 of 14

 MEM-232-16
Congressional intern responsibilities may include, but are not limited to, conducting research for staff members, assisting staff at community or public events, attending meetings, transcribing documents, and providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls. Congressman Ruiz’s internship program also features staff-lead workshops designed to develop essential and professional skill that students may apply in any setting. Students interested in applying for a congressional internship in one of the offices of Congressman Raul Ruiz have the opportunity to apply to the Fall 2016 session. Fall 2016 applications will be accepted on a rolling basis with priority given to applications received by Sunday, August 21, 2016. Prospective interns should complete an internship application (available here) attach their resume, and submit to Tony Aguilar at tony.aguilar@mail.house.gov.
The office of Representative Kevin Yoder (KS-03) is looking for both full- and part-time interns this fall. Our Washington interns will be exposed to a wide range of activities on Capitol Hill. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns will need to be able to communicate professionally, balance multiple tasks at once, and have a teachable attitude. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative process, the various functions of a Congressional office, and the way things work on Capitol Hill. It is an invaluable opportunity for both educational and professional development.
Interested applicants should email resumes directly to taylor.huhn@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time legislative interns for the Fall 2016 semester in our Washington, D.C. office.
Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include providing constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All internships are unpaid. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to nick.greene@mail.house.gov with “2016 Pocan Fall Internship” in the subject line. WI ties are a plus!
The D.C. office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from Washington’s 6th district, is looking for personable, diligent full or part-time interns to start for the upcoming late summer/fall term. This is an opportunity to learn about the inner-
 MEM-231-16
 MEM-230-16
Page 3 of 14

 MEM-229-16
workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities include assisting with constituent correspondence, producing daily press clips, and leading tours of the Capitol. This is a unique opportunity and prime for students or recent grads who are interested in learning about the legislative process or may eventually want to work for the federal government. To apply, please send a resume, contact information for two references, and a cover letter outlining your interest in the position to nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within a week. Those with Washington state ties strongly encouraged to apply. We look forward to hearing from you!
Congressman Jim Langevin (D-RI) is seeking full and part-time interns for the fall 2016 semester. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include providing constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest. Rhode Island ties are preferred but not required.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All internships are unpaid. To apply: send a resume, cover letter, two brief writing samples, and dates of availability to kerry.mckittrick@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking highly motivated and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for the 2016 fall internship program. The internship is scheduled to run from August 22 to December 16. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff, and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2016 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
New York Republican seeks qualified applicants for an unpaid full-time internship in Washington, DC office. Duties include, but are not limited to, administrative tasks, answering phones, providing Capitol tours, logging and drafting constituent correspondence, and conducting research for legislative staff. The ideal candidate must be a self-starter, exhibit strong oral and written communication skills, and possess proficient research abilities. New York ties a plus but not required. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to nygopjoblisting@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-228-16
 MEM-227-16
 Page 4 of 14

MEM-226-16
The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks a motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic professional with excellent oral and written communication skills for an intern position in the Washington, DC office. Individuals should demonstrate strong interpersonal skills and the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong computing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, organizing and managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors, assisting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings and participating in hearing preparation; assisting with the planning, preparation and execution of Member events and appearances, answering constituent correspondence, and other duties as necessary.
Please submit cover letter and resume to: alex.huang@mail.house.gov
The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a full-time
unpaid legislative intern for our Washington, D.C. office this fall.
Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication skills and a positive attitude, and possess a strong interest in learning about the legislative process and congressional affairs. A background in national security issues in the Middle East and/or East Asia is strongly preferred. Graduate students and undergraduates are both welcome to apply.
The individual will support the legislative team on the Congresswoman's work on the House Armed Services Committee, as well as assist in the day-to-day operations of the office by supporting members of staff with legislative research, constituent services, and administrative activities.
Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please .
The Office of Congressman Don Beyer (VA-08) is accepting applications for full-time, unpaid internships starting this September in his Washington, DC office. Candidates should possess good writing skills, prudent judgement, knowledge of the federal government and the legislative process, and willingness to assist the staff on a wide range of tasks. Ties to Virginia’s 8th Congressional district a plus. To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to Pablo.Sierra@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or phone calls please.
 MEM-225-16
 MEM-224-16
 Page 5 of 14

MEM-223-16
The office of Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is looking for interns for the 2016 Fall semester (August 22nd-December16th) in our Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates that are motivated, detail- oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on various projects. Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Jordan Garcia at Jordan.garcia@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Elizabeth H. Esty’s Washington, D.C. office is currently seeking unpaid interns for fall 2016 where interns will gain valuable exposure to and knowledge of the legislative process, communications, and the United States Congress.
Duties include:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Greeting constituents and answering phones
• Drafting social media posts and press releases
• Performing legislative research
• Leading tours of the Capitol
• Attending policy briefings and meetings
• Conducting research and additional tasks to assist the communications and legislative teams
Qualifications: An ardent desire to help others is required. We are seeking hard- working and detail-oriented college students with outstanding communication and time management skills. Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast- paced environment, have basic computer skills, possess excellent writing skills, and have an enthusiastic attitude. Interns are accepted throughout the year on both a full and part-time (at least 15 hours/week) basis. District ties preferred but not required.
To apply for an internship in the DC office, please submit a cover letter, resume, and a brief writing sample to Conor.Douglass@mail.house.gov. If you have any questions, please contact Conor Douglass at (202) 225-4476. We are currently accepting fall 2016 internship applications. The deadline to apply is August 26, 2016.
 MEM-222-16
 Page 6 of 14

MEM-221-16
Internships are available expressly for the purpose of furthering educational objectives; therefore they are unpaid and usually awarded to those enrolled in accredited educational institutions.
Thank you for your interest. We welcome your participation and look forward to receiving your application.
The Washington, DC, office of a high profile Member of Congress has unpaid Press internship openings to begin immediately through November. Press interns are expected to work long hours and commit between 3-5 days per week. Internship duties include, but are not limited to compiling and daily clips, drafting press releases and op-eds, proofreading and editing, maintaining press lists, updating Member's communications calendar, website and social media platforms. Intern may also assist with answering phones, incoming and outgoing mail, addressing constituent concerns, and assisting the Legislative/District office staff. Strong writing skills are needed. Additionally, graphic design experience and a strong understanding of new media and social media platforms is recommended. Candidates with video editing experience are a plus. Priority will be given to those with journalism or communications education/experience. The ideal candidate will be creative, motivated, mature, detail-orientated, and possess the ability to multi-task under high pressure. This is a great opportunity for college students and recent graduates. Women and minorities, especially those with Spanish language fluency, are highly encouraged to apply. To apply for the position, please send your cover letter, resume, writing sample, and graphic/video portfolio (if applicable; hyperlinks ok) addressed to the Comm. Director at ny13intern@gmail.com with the subject: Press Intern.
Congressman Keith Ellison (D-MN) seeks a Legislative Fellow for a fast-paced and busy Washington, DC congressional office. The fellow will work on numerous issues which may include financial services, labor, energy and environment, small business, Native American, arts and humanities, budget and appropriations and other areas of interest. Ideal candidates must have strong writing and verbal briefing skills, analytical skills and a proactive approach to current issues. The fellow should be punctual, responsible and trust-worthy. Candidates should have sharp attention to detail, good time management skills, a positive attitude and commitment to progressive policies. This is an unpaid fellowship although we will work with programs which provide stipends for fellows. The position begins in August/September and runs through December. Please send cover letter, resumé and writing sample by August 12, to MN05fellow@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Donovan (NY-11) is seeking applications for full- or part-time, unpaid interns for the Fall semester. The internship is scheduled to run from late-August/early September to early December, but the months of the internship can vary depending on the availability or school schedule of the applicant, if need be. Applicants must be
 MEM-220-16
 MEM-219-16
Page 7 of 14

 MEM-218-16
willing to work at least two full days a week. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent organizational and communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, talking with constituents, scheduling and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing briefings and hearings for legislative staff, and supporting the office with any additional duties. Interested candidates should email a current resume and a list of three references, with the subject line “Fall Internship” to NY11Resumes@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Tony Cárdenas is seeking interns to join his Washington, D.C. team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting as soon as possible, for a duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: attending briefings and writing memos, assisting with scheduling, answering phone calls, processing mail and tour requests, and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hard-working intern in our office will move on to assisting staff with more complex, legislative and press-related projects. Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e- mail resume and cover letter in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.
Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this fall. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Fall 2016 semester.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or
 MEM-215-16
 MEM-214-16
Page 8 of 14

 MEM-213-16
graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips at 8:00 am and ends at 4:00 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if applicable, a portfolio sample to Frances Carrion at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact James at 202-225-3615 with any questions.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is offering fall internship opportunities for college students and recent college graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents, attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing sample to Frances Carrion at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact Frances at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office this fall. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
 MEM-211-16
Page 9 of 14

 MEM-210-16
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Bill Posey [FL-08] is currently seeking highly motivated and organized applicants for a full-time or part-time unpaid internship for the 2016 fall internship program. The internship is scheduled to run from August to December, but the months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or school schedule of the applicant. The internship program is open to college students and recent graduates who are interested in learning more about our country’s legislative process and the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred, but are not required. The deadline to apply is July 31, 2016. If interested, please send a resume to FloridaConservativeRepublican@gmail.com with "2016 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
The Office of Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks full time intern starting in the beginning of August 2016. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.
Congressman Gerald Connolly seeks applicants for an internship in his Washington D.C. Office for Fall 2016 (late August to January). Main responsibilities include (but are not limited to) answering the phones, sorting mail, drafting constituent correspondence, arranging tours, conducting legislative research for staff, attending Congressional hearings with staff, and performing other administrative tasks as needed.
Applicants should be reliable and detail-oriented, and possess a professional and courteous demeanor, strong verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Ties to the 11th District of Virginia are preferred, but not required.
To apply for this internship please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to va11.internship@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Tony Cárdenas is seeking a Press Intern to join his Washington, D.C. team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting as soon as possible, for a duration of three months or longer. The Press Intern will learn many of the
 MEM-208-16
MEM-207-16
  MEM-206-16
Page 10 of 14

 MEM-205-16
basic skills it takes to become a communications professional in a dynamic and exciting environment. They will become involved in all core activities of the communications team and day-to-day tasks to help integrate them into the office.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close attention to detail and a good sense of humor are essential. Photo or video editing skills a plus.
Main responsibilities will include:
• Social media monitoring
• News monitoring
• Drafting various press materials
• Writing newsletter excerpts
• Researching targeted press lists
• Staffing the Congressman at events and media interviews
Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Internships are awarded on an equal opportunity basis; women, minorities, and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail resume and cover letter with your availability in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov. The subject line should read as follows “Press Intern Application.”
Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast- paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to michelle.serrato@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Rep. Scott Rigell (VA-02) is seeking politically Conservative unpaid Fall 2016 interns in their Washington, DC, office to begin in August/September and continue through December. The Office seeks an outgoing, enthusiastic person with at least 3 days/week availability who would like experience working in a Congressional Office. Virginia ties are a plus but not
 MEM-204-16
Page 11 of 14

 MEM-202-16
required. Interested persons should submit resume to Julie.Moorhead@mail.house.gov.
Moderate Southern Democrat seeks applicants for part-time and full-time unpaid congressional internships in Washington, DC. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting constituents and visitors to the office, assisting with day-to-day operations at the office, answering phones, leading tours of the US Capitol, maintaining constituency database, running errands and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates should possess superior written and verbal communication skills and an interest in learning the intricacies of the legislative process. Part-time interns will be expected to commit to at least two full day shifts (9:00am to 6:00pm) per week, Monday through Friday. Ties to Florida are preferred, though not required. Interested parties should submit a resume as well as two professional references to Internship.FL@gmail.com with “Last Name, First Name” in the subject line.
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full- time or part-time internship for Fall 2016. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day- to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Nevada ties are strongly encouraged but not required. Please send resume and cover letter with dates of availability to Catherine.chrobak@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Don Beyer is accepting applications for full-time unpaid internships beginning this early September in his Washington, DC office. Candidates should be eager to learn, self-motivated, with prudent judgment, with knowledge of politics, and a good sense of humor. The proximity of Virginia's 8th District means that there is a substantial amount of work in the areas of press, legislative research, and constituent services, and our interns get experience with a wide variety of responsibilities. To apply, please email resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to Pablo.Sierra@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
The office of Representative Bruce Poliquin is accepting applications for internships in Washington, D.C. for Fall 2016. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Interns work side by side with experienced full-time staff, and play an integral part in the daily operations of the office. A typical day for our interns includes welcoming folks to the office, researching legislation for the Congressman and policy staff, and answering constituent calls and letters on various issues before the House. Ties to Maine are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to Poliquin.internship@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-201-16
 MEM-200-16
 MEM-198-16
 Page 12 of 14

MEM-197-16
The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an experienced unpaid communications intern to assist with day-to-day operations and special projects in the Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be soon-to-be or recent college graduates with a preferred major in PR, Journalism, English, or Communications. Interested applicants must be able to commit to at least 30 hours per week. Qualified candidates will have excellent writing skills, a positive attitude and a sense of humor. Photoshop experience is a plus. Intern responsibilities will include monitoring news on relevant policy areas and compile media reports, drafting social media posts and graphics on legislation, issue positions, and news items. Interns will also help brainstorm creative ways to concisely convey complex policy initiatives, draft press material, proof and edit documents from Senior Staff, and assist the Communications Director with special projects. Interested candidates should send their resume and two brief writing samples to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com. Writing samples may include: press release, advisory, professional Facebook post and corresponding tweet, school newspaper article, etc.
The office of Congressman Ted W. Lieu is seeking 2016 Fall interns. General intern responsibilities include: Answering telephones, data entry, responding to constituent requests, assisting with special projects such as legislative research, assisting with constituent casework, and other miscellaneous tasks. Skills required include: Effective and professional phone manner, computer experience, good typing ability, punctuality, attention to detail, ability to follow instructions, ability to complete tasks efficiently and thoroughly, maturity, empathy, professionalism, and discretion. This internship is unpaid. Congressman Lieu supports students requesting credit for their internship through their school or university. The deadlines for each internship session are as follows: Spring- December 9th, Summer- April 1st, Fall- July 29th. Preference will be given to residents of CA-33.
If you would like to apply for our internship program please send your resume, cover letter, and writing sample to internship.lieu@mail.house.gov with your name and the term in the subject line. If you have any questions regarding the application, please contact the Intern Coordinator, Ashley Fumiko Dominguez at internship.lieu@mail.house.gov or 323-651-1040.
The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid intern for Fall 2016. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending hearings. Interested candidates should send their resume, a cover letter, and a brief writing sample to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com.
 MEM-196-16
  MEM-195-16
 Page 13 of 14

MEM-193-16
The Washington, DC office of Congressman Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) is seeking enthusiastic and motivated interns for Fall 2016.
The ideal candidates will interact well with constituents, be able to multitask, and have a strong interest in public service. Excellent research and writing skills are crucial. Arizona ties are a plus, but not required.
Interns will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities include answering the phone, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and attending briefings and hearings. Internships are unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms for students to receive academic credit.
Interested applicants should submit an application including a cover letter, resume, and a 2-5 page writing sample at https://rubengallego.house.gov/services/internships. Cover letters should include days and times the applicants will be available during the internship period; writing samples may be excerpts of larger works.
Interns will begin mid to late-August, depending on their availability, and end in December. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis, and qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview.
 Page 14 of 14
