 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 9, 2019
 MEM-651-19
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
   Spring 2020 in Washington, D.C.
Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
Please email FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov, with your resume, cover letter & a 1-2 page writing sample.
 MEM-649-19
Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-17) has Spring 2020 openings for a full-time
   congressional intern in his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning in January, and a preference for those who can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania ties are a plus but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects
Page 1 of 17

in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and weekly availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-648-19
The Democratic staff of the House Committee on the Judiciary is seeking a digital intern for a spring position. This digital internship program includes the production of high-quality graphics, videos, and demonstratives, as well as rapid response work, filming/post production editing, manual photography, and livestreaming events.
Candidates must possess STRONG technical skills, advanced creativity, and a high level of attention to detail. Experience in Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Premier Pro, After Effects, LightRoom, InDesign, and Audition a plus. Experience in HTML,CSS, technology and big-data analytics a serious plus. Must be a team player and have a strong work ethic. Willingness to take initiative, generate creative ideas, and the ability to work under deadline pressure a must.
The House Committee on the Judiciary’s Democratic staff internship program will be providing stipends to spring interns, with additional funds provided to interns with additional demonstrated financial need. The Committee strives to ensure that our internship class reflects the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Email portfolio and resume to JudPress.Intern@mail.house.gov with DIGITAL INTERN in the subject line. Portfolio must be included to be considered for the position.
  MEM-647-19
Position: Legislative Intern
Description: Southern Republican seeks a highly motivated individual to serve as
a paid legislative intern in the Washington, D.C. office.
Requirements: This position requires an individual with excellent communication and writing skills.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general office
 Page 2 of 17

administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and work well in a team environment.
Office: Ted Budd (NC-13)
Contact: sam.shumate@mail.house.gov
  MEM-646-19
The Office of Congressman H. Morgan Griffith (VA-09) is currently seeking full
   or part-time unpaid interns for his Washington, D.C. office during the spring semester.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research. Although all internships are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students to receive college credit. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover letter to bailey.psuik@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
 MEM-645-19
MEM-644-19
The Office of Congresswoman Kendra S. Horn (OK-5) seeks a Press Intern to
   begin in January in their DC office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting press materials and digital media, compiling press clips, monitoring digital platforms, updating reporter and contact lists, research projects, and other duties as assigned. The Press Intern will also assist in answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and various other tasks. Candidates should have strong writing, organizational, and interpersonal skills as well as the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to OK05.DCinternship@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship” in the subject line. The deadline to apply is January 1, 2020.
 The office of Congresswoman Kendra S. Horn (OK-05) is seeking full-time and
   part-time Spring 2020 Interns for our Washington, D.C. office. The internship will run from January to May. We are looking for highly motivated, personable, and professional interns.
Responsibilities include answering the phones, leading tours of the Capitol, managing the front office, attending briefings, and supporting staff as needed. Our interns are provided with first hand experiences and gain invaluable insight into the legislative process while working in a fast-paced, community-oriented office.
Page 3 of 17

Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates who are detail- oriented, have a strong work ethic, good writing skills, and can work collaboratively as part of a team. Oklahoma ties are strongly preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, three professional references, and your availability with the subject line “Internship Application” to OK05.DCinternship@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is December 16, 2019.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
  MEM-643-19
The Office of Congressman Ron Estes is currently accepting applications for spring 2020 interns in our Washington D.C. office.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Good oral and written communication skills
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others •Good organizational skills
•Responsible, dependable and willing to learn
DUTIES:
•Perform research
•Sort and distribute mail
•Attend committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars
•Answer the phones
•Record constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant information
•Perform other duties as assigned by staff members
Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. To apply for an internship in Washington D.C., or ask any questions related to the internship, please send an email to collin.harrison@mail.house.gov and include your resume, cover letter, and two letters of recommendation. Kansas ties are preferred but not required.
  MEM-642-19
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for Spring 2020 in Washington, D.C.
Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
 Page 4 of 17

 To apply, email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and cover letter listing your availability to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.
    January, 2020. Successful applicants will be energetic, highly motivated and have a demonstrated interest in press and political communications. Interns will be directly engaged with Caucus press work and will perform a variety of essential duties.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting with press clips, building out press contact lists, drafting media advisories and press releases, transcribing interviews and supporting other team projects as necessary. Applicants should be self-starters, motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and be able to problem solve and multitask. Proficiency in Spanish is a plus as well as experience in press operations and the congressional process.
Eligibility: All undergraduate-level students as well as recent graduates are eligible to apply.
Application Requirements:
•Resume
•Cover Letter
•1 writing samples (approximately 1-2 pages)
Deadline: December 19, 2019
Please send completed application materials via e-mail to:
CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov
 MEM-639-19
The House Democratic Caucus is seeking a full-time press intern to begin
MEM-638-19
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Mike Johnson (LA-04) is seeking candidates for full-time and part-time internships for Spring 2020 with certain positions being paid. Interns will have the opportunity to observe the inner- workings of a Congressional office while acquiring specific knowledge about the legislative process.
Responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, and working on special projects. Louisiana ties are preferred but are not required.
Please apply online at https://mikejohnson.house.gov/services/internships.
  MEM-637-19 The House Judiciary Committee Democratic staff is looking for an intern for the spring semester to work with the Subcommittee on Immigration and Citizenship.
 Page 5 of 17

 MEM-635-19
The House Committee on the Judiciary’s staff internship program offers undergraduate students, law students, graduate students, and recent graduates an opportunity to experience the operation of a congressional committee firsthand and learn about the important role that our Committee plays in the legislative process. The committee will be providing stipends to spring interns, with additional funds provided to interns with additional demonstrated financial need. Intern assignments will vary depending on the work of the Judiciary Committee each semester. Examples of potential responsibilities include:
•Researching policy issues under the committee’s jurisdiction •Conducting legal research
•Attending briefings and hearings on the Hill
•Drafting memos
•Supporting committee counsels
•Supporting committee clerks and professional staff members •Providing administrative support, including answering calls, delivering correspondence, and setting up the hearing room.
The Committee strives to ensure that our internship class reflects the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
The deadline to apply is December 11, 2019. To learn more, apply here
judiciary.house.gov/internships
 MEM-636-19
The House Small Business Committee Minority Staff is currently looking for
   full-time interns for the spring 2020 semester (January – May).
Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research, and other tasks. This internship is open to undergraduates (juniors and above) and recent graduates. The office is an equal opportunity employer and minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered, please submit a one-page resume and cover letter to housesmallbusinessinternshipr@gmail.com and include “Spring 2020 Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
 Congresswoman Elaine G. Luria (VA-02) Member of the House Armed Services
   Committee and House Veterans Affairs Committee, where the Congresswoman
Page 6 of 17

serves as Chair of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee, seeks paid interns for her Washington DC office.
Responsibilities may include answering phones, leading Capitol tours, up- keeping constituent mail and correspondence, preparing memoranda, attending briefings and hearings, and assisting staff with legislative projects.
Qualified candidates should be motivated, detail-oriented, a team player, outgoing, and possess strong oral and written communication skills. Virginia ties are a plus but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and cover letter listing your availability to VA02DC.Interns@mail.house.gov with “Your Name: VA-02 Spring Internship” in the subject line. Please no drop-ins or phone calls.
  MEM-634-19
Congressman Bill Huizenga (MI-02) is seeking Full time or Part Time Paid interns for Spring 2019 in Washington, D.C.
Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Michigan ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
To apply, email a single PDF including your resume and cover letter listing your availability to Jared.Wood@mail.house.gov
  MEM-633-19 “Republican office looking for paid interns for the Spring 2020 semester. Please email abigail.michos@mail.house.gov”
  MEM-632-19
“Conservative Midwestern member of the House seeks motivated, detail- oriented, and energetic professionals for internships in Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Missouri/Midwestern ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the Communications Director with drafting talking points, creating graphics for social media, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
 Page 7 of 17

 Full-time internship positions are available beginning in January 2019. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to Trevor.Ray@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the subject line.”
 MEM-631-19
The House Democratic Policy & Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a Press Intern to begin in January.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting press materials, media monitoring, maintaining website and digital platforms, updating reporter and contact lists, coordinating events, research projects, prepping for meetings, and other duties as assigned.
Candidates should have strong writing, organizational, and interpersonal skills as well as the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to dpcc@mail.house.gov with the subject line “DPCC Internship.”
     Digital intern to begin in January.
Responsibilities include, drafting press materials, media monitoring, assisting with maintaining website and digital platforms, clipping videos, drafting digital content, and other duties assigned.
Candidates must be proficient in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, Premiere, and After Effects) and have strong writing, organizational, and interpersonal skills as well as the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, graphic and video sample to dpcc@mail.house.gov with the subject line “DPCC Internship.”
 MEM-630-19
The House Democratic Policy & Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a
   legal intern for the Spring 2020 semester.
In addition to providing administrative and operations support to the committee as needed, the legal intern will work closely with the Counsels team with research projects, drafting legislation, providing support for full committee markups and hearings, and attending meetings and briefings. Candidates should be current law students and require little supervision. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and
 MEM-628-19
The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a
Page 8 of 17

include “Spring 2020 Legal Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
 MEM-627-19
The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski (NJ-07) is currently seeking qualified candidates for their Spring 2020 internship program in their Somerville, NJ District Office. This internship runs from January to May. Ideal candidates will be professional, motivated, dependable, a team player, and be able to show strong written and verbal communication skills.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: answering phones, assisting casework staff with constituent correspondence, data entry, assisting in administrative tasks and community engagement and outreach.
Applicants should be able to commit to a part-time schedule (15-25 hours per week). Applicants with New Jersey ties and have previous internship/ work experience are a plus, but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter (1 page only), resume, writing sample and available dates in a single PDF document to Leah.Hoogerhyde@mail.house.gov with “(Last name) – Spring 2020 Internship” in the subject line.
No calls or drop ins. Deadline to submit applications is Dec. 10th.
  MEM-624-19
“Congressman Paul Cook (CA-08) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Apple Valley, California district office for a three month period. Candidates should be motivated, professional, quick learners and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are important.
Duties can include answering constituent phone calls, assisting congressional staff with constituent casework, attending events throughout the community, sorting and distributing mail, and any other tasks assigned by staff. There are both full-time and part-time positions available.
Please email a resume with dates of availability to Samuel.Shoup@mail.house.gov”
      seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships starting in January. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process.
D.C. responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings. Florida ties are strongly preferred.
MEM-623-19
A senior-ranking Republican member on the Committee of Ways & Means is
Page 9 of 17

Please send your resume and cover letter to housegopinternshipfl@outlook.com. No phone calls or drop-ins will be considered.
  MEM-620-19
Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the 2020 winter/spring semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus! Applications due by Dec. 12th.
Please email Courtney.Hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and resume. Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted for consideration.
     and reliable student to fill a full-time digital intern position in the spring. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation, website maintenance, analytics, photography, videography, and performing other press and administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess skills in Adobe programs (Photoshop, Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro, Audition, and After Effects), CMS, CSS, HTML, manual photography, analytics, and an ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-619-19
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek a motivated
   oriented student with a passion for communications to fill a full-time press intern position in the spring.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. This position reports to the deputy press secretary and broader communications team. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-618-19
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek a detail-
Page 10 of 17

To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-617-19
The office of Congressman Mike Thompson (CA-05) is currently seeking applications for our spring internship program running from January 2020 through May. Mike Thompson represents California's 5th Congressional District. The district includes all of Napa and parts of Contra Costa, Lake, Solano and Sonoma Counties. Duties include greeting guests and constituents, answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, attending briefings, performing legislative research, drafting constituent correspondence letters and other various tasks to assist staff.
This opportunity will enable you to strengthen your understanding of the legislative process and will give you a front row seat to all that takes place in the United States Congress. Successful candidates have a professional demeanor, are hardworking, possess strong writing skills and a strong attention to detail. CA or district ties are preferable, but not required.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to katie.clements@mail.house.gov with ‘Team Thompson Internship’ in the subject line.
     Spring interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover letter to ally.hibben@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Spring 2020 Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
 MEM-615-19
The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is seeking full or part-time
MEM-614-19 We are currently looking for spring interns in Congressman Steven Palazzo’s office in Washington, D.C. Please email your resume, cover letter, references, and application to Bailey.senyitko@mail.house.gov.
Here is a link to the application:
https://palazzo.house.gov/uploadedfiles/intern_application_dc_office_.pdf
   MEM-612-19 Position: Spring Congressional Internship – Bruce Westerman (AR-04) Description: Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for his spring 2020 paid Policy and Press Internship positions in his Washington, D.C. office. He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated, detail-oriented, and personable.
 Page 11 of 17

The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest.
Responsibilities will include answering the phone, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on various projects. Candidates with particular policy interests in natural resources, forest management, transportation and infrastructure, or health care, as well as those interested in a more press/media- focused internship should apply. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
westerman.internship@yahoo.com
  MEM-610-19
Position: California Republican seeks Spring 2020 Interns
Description:
California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office, intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Internships are paid and/or the office will provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.
  MEM-609-19
The Republican staff of the House Committee on the Budget is currently accepting applications for Winter 2020 interns (January and February). We are seeking dependable, politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude and strong work ethic.
As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by assisting staff in assignments that include but are not limited to: compiling daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based projects.
Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those generally interested in public policy are strongly encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school. The deadline to apply is December 15, 2019. Applicants should email a
 Page 12 of 17

resume, cover letter, one page writing sample and completed application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov.
Please visit republicans-budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will not be considered. Paid internships may be available to students working full-time and not receiving course credit.
   MEM-608-19
The Republican staff of the House Committee on the Budget is currently accepting applications for Spring 2020 interns. We are seeking dependable, politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude and strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by assisting staff in assignments that include but are not limited to: compiling daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based projects.
Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those generally interested in public policy are strongly encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school. The deadline to apply is December 22, 2019. Applicants should email a resume, cover letter, one page writing sample and completed application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov.
Please visit republicans-budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will not be considered. Paid internships may be available to students working full-time and not receiving course credit.
   MEM-605-19
Internships are available in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college students and recent graduates.
Duties include, but are not limited to: •Constituent correspondence •Leading tours of the Capitol •Drafting constituent correspondence •Researching legislative issues
DC based interns will have the opportunity to attend hearings and briefings. Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public service.
Generally, internship hours run from 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM on days that Congress is in session and from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM on days when Congress is not. Hours and start dates can be adjusted to accommodate class schedules.
Interested in applying?
    Page 13 of 17

 Please submit a resume, cover letter, unofficial school transcript, two references, and a short writing sample to Maddie.Daly@mail.house.gov. Please include availability in cover letter.
 MEM-604-19
The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, unpaid Spring 2020 interns for our Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include drafting memos and constituent letters, assisting legislative staff with research, answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are strongly preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Spring Intern” in the subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates in your cover letter. No phone calls or walk- ins please.
  MEM-603-19
ABOUT THE DISTRICT OFFICE: The District Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton is seeking motivated and hard-working college students for our Spring 2020 internship program. Interns will gain valuable work experience in a fast-paced, community-based congressional office. If you are an undergraduate student who is passionate about public policy, the District of Columbia and serving its constituents, our internship program offers a unique opportunity for growth, learning and community involvement in meaningful work. We are looking for people who are dependable, professional and who enjoy contributing to rewarding public service work.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, detail-oriented, quick-thinkers who can provide innovative solutions. Applicants should have excellent oral and written communication skills, work well in a team environment, be hardworking, responsible, dependable, flexible and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them. Tasks may include but are not limited to the following: community engagement including telephone and online outreach, event planning, flyer distribution, photocopying, data entry, project management, and helping in administrative tasks to maintain the efficient day-to-day operations of an active community facing Congressional district office. Interns will also have the opportunity to
 Page 14 of 17

attend hearings on Capitol Hill, briefings on pertinent subject matter and attend talks by Hill staff.
Each intern will receive a stipend. Interns must be willing to commit to a minimum of 20 hours per week and available to occasionally attend events on some evenings and weekends.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Norton.Interns@mail.house.gov
For more information on Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, please visit her website at https://norton.house.gov
    MEM-602-19
The Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, Civilian Security, and Trade is seeking a full-time and part-time intern based in Washington, D.C. This intern will work closely with subcommittee staff while learning the inner workings of Congress and the legislative process. Successful candidates will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detail-oriented, with strong writing and communication skills and an ability to thrive in a fast- paced work environment.
The term of the Internship will be from early January 2020 to late March 2020. Undergraduate or graduate school students and recent alumni interested in foreign affairs and Western Hemisphere policy are encouraged to apply. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, providing administrative and research support to staff, and assisting with subcommittee hearings and events, among other office and research tasks. Spanish, French or Portuguese proficiency preferred but not required.
Qualified applicants should send a one-page resume and cover letter to WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Spring 2020 Internship Application.” Minorities, women, and LGBTQIA+ individuals and those with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. Please be sure to include your preferred start and end date and submit your application by: December 1st. No calls or drop-ins.
  MEM-601-19
The Office of Congressman Thomas Suozzi (NY-03) is currently seeking full or part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office for the Spring of 2020. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Interns will get to work in a fast-paced environment and learn how a Congressional office operates. Responsibilities include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting legislative research, attending briefings/hearings,
 Page 15 of 17

lead Capitol tours, assisting with constituent relations, and managing the front office.
The internship gives students and recent grads the opportunity to interact directly with the inner workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process. Ties to NY-03 are preferred but not required.
Please send your resume and cover letter to michael.christesen@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line.
  MEM-600-19
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Thomas Suozzi (NY-03) seeks a qualified full-time Press Intern for the Spring Semester. Responsibilities include compiling press clips, assisting with press conferences and press releases, talking points, social media, conducting research, and assisting the press staff with the daily operations of a very active press office.
Applicants must work well under pressure, have excellent written and oral communication skills and a desire to learn. Experience with video editing/graphic design, content creation, and a deep understanding of news is required. Ties to Long Island preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should their send resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to michael.christesen@mail.house.gov with the subject line “2020 Spring Press Internship”.
  MEM-488-19
The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for spring of 2020. Specifically we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the labor policy team, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the health policy team and graduate and legal interns and fellows for the oversight team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips.
Applicants who are applying for graduate internships or fellowships should be able to demonstrate academic or professional exposure to the subject matter of the team to which they are applying. Fellows must be participating in an established fellowship program. Applicants should be able to start in January and commit through April/May.
 Page 16 of 17

Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov and indicate, in the subject line of the email, to which position they are applying.
Please also include ‘Spring 2020’ in the subject line. If you are applying for a graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short, relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Applicants should aim to submit their materials by November 1, 2019.
The Committee on Education and Labor is a legislative office within the U.S. House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over a broad array of child welfare, education and labor policy areas, including early childhood education, K-12 education, higher education, employer/employee relations, worker safety, and employer provided health care. Representative Robert C. “Bobby” Scott (D-VA) serves as Chairman.
  MEM-416-19
The Democratic Staff on the House Education and Labor Committee seeks a health care intern/fellow. This position will work on the health team. Candidates should have familiarity with health policy, including the Affordable Care Act. Knowledge of other statutes and policies within the Committee’s jurisdiction and how they impact health and human services policy is preferred. Prior Hill experience or policy experience is also preferred.
Tasks will include supporting the development of legislation regarding health policy, conducting issue and legislative research, and preparing written materials and legislative analyses. Applicants should be available to start in September 2019 and commit through December 2019.
To apply, applicants must submit the internship applicant information form (https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships/form), a resume and a short writing sample. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please email resume and writing sample to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov with "Health Policy Intern/Fellow" in the subject line.
   Page 17 of 17
