 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 10, 2020
    for Summer 2020. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
In Washington, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings and draft constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Interested candidates should email NY06_Intern_App@mail.house.gov a cover letter, resume, a 1-2 page writing sample, and three references.
 MEM-050-20
The Office of U.S. Representative Grace Meng is accepting intern applications
MEM-048-20 The Office of Congressman Pete Stauber is seeking full-time interns for the Summer of 2020. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting legislative staff with research, assisting with constituent letters, and other tasks as assigned.
 Page 1 of 11

Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who have excellent customer service skills, have a strong work ethic, and pay close attention to detail. Qualified candidates will also have strong oral and written communication skills and be able to work well on a team. Minnesota ties are required, and Minnesota-08 ties are preferred.
Internships include a monthly stipend and the office will work with current students to receive college credits. Interested applications should send their resume, brief cover letter, and references to Eric.Gebhart@mail.house.gov. Please indicate expected start and end dates.
  MEM-047-20
The Democratic Staff of the House Natural Resources Committee is seeking full- time Interns for the Summer session (May-August). Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we seek interns who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources Committee’s jurisdiction and demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills. We are currently accepting applications for the following paid positions:
-Legislative Intern -Communications Intern
-Counsel Intern
-Oversight and Investigations Intern
To apply, address your application materials to Carlyn LeGrant at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Summer Internship Application.” Please include a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample. In the email, specify which of our internships you’re applying to. The deadline for all summer applications is Friday March 6th.
For more information, visit https://naturalresources.house.gov/contact/internships
      time press intern for spring 2020.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to writing social media content, drafting press releases, answering phones, attending briefings and hearings for staff, compiling press clips, and other tasks depending on the needs of the Committee and the intern’s interests.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills as well as a desire to help veterans and learn about the House and legislative process.
Submit a resume and cover letter to veterans.internships@mail.house.gov. Please include in your cover letter how many days a week you would be available to intern as well as your preferred start and end dates. Internships are unpaid.
 MEM-046-20
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a full-
Page 2 of 11

    with an aggressive communications and constituent services operation for Spring 2020. This internship is a paid position.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong work ethic, pay close attention to detail, and have solid writing and editing skills. Applicants must have the ability to work cooperatively in a fast-paced environment. The intern will be expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per week.
Intern responsibilities include:
* Assisting with the direct mail and constituent correspondence operation * Compiling press clips
* Event photography
* Creating graphics
* Clipping videos including floor speeches and media interviews * Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with dates of availability to spanbergerpressva07@gmail.com with “Spring 2020 Press Internship” in the subject line. We also recommend—but do not require— applicants submit 1-2 sample writing samples or sample graphics.
Rep. Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
 MEM-044-20
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) is seeking a press intern to assist
MEM-041-20
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for Summer 2020 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks.
District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please. Please email FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov, with your resume, cover letter & a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF.
  MEM-041-20
The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to apply for its paid, full-time summer 2020 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
 Page 3 of 11

including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
To apply, please visit : https://republicans cha.house.gov/about/internship- application and submit your application by March 13th.
   MEM-040-20
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks full-time, paid interns for Summer 2020. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters.
Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at https://science.house.gov/contact/internships. Please fill out the provided application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
  MEM-039-20
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks full-time and part time, paid interns for Spring 2020. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters.
Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at https://science.house.gov/contact/internships. Please fill out the provided application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
  MEM-038-20 The House Small Business Committee Minority Staff is currently looking for full-time interns for summer 2020 (May – August). Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research, and other tasks.
 Page 4 of 11

This internship is open to undergraduates (juniors and above) and recent graduates. The office is an equal opportunity employer and minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered, please submit a one-page resume and cover letter to housesmallbusinessinternshipr@gmail.com and include “Spring 2020 Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
  MEM-037-20
The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a full-time intern for the Spring 2020 semester.
Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research, drafting memoranda and other written materials, and a variety of other tasks.
Candidates should be team-oriented, resourceful, upbeat people who have skills beyond research and require little supervision. This internship is open to undergraduates (rising seniors and above), recent graduates, and Master’s and law students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “HFAC Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
  MEM-036-20
The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a legal intern for the Spring 2020 semester.
In addition to providing administrative and operations support to the committee as needed, the legal intern will work closely with the Counsels team with research projects, drafting legislation, providing support for full committee markups and hearings, and attending meetings and briefings.
Candidates should be current law students and require little supervision. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “Spring 2020 Legal Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
     Committee and House Veterans Affairs Committee, where the Congresswoman
MEM-033-20
Congresswoman Elaine G. Luria (VA-02) Member of the House Armed Services
Page 5 of 11

serves as Chair of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee, seeks a paid press intern for her Washington DC office.
Responsibilities may include drafting social media content, monitoring social media platforms, drafting constituent correspondence and outreach, and assisting the Communications Team with other tasks as needed. The press intern will report to and work closely with the Press Assistant and the Communications Director.
Qualified candidates should be motivated, detail-oriented, a team player, and possess strong oral and written communication skills. Virginia ties are a plus. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please email a single PDF including your cover letter listing your availability, resume and a 1-2 page writing sample to VA02DC.Interns@mail.house.gov with “Your Name: VA-02 Press Internship” in the subject line. Please no drop-ins or phone calls.
  MEM-029-20
The Office of Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) seeks Press/Legislative interns for the Spring 2020.
Press responsibilities will include building press lists, drafting social media posts for the Member’s official social media pages (including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram), designing graphics, and creating short video clips as needed. The intern will be an integral part of the communications team, generating engaging content for the Member and supplying creative ideas throughout the week. Ideal applicants will have a background in iMovie, the Adobe creative suite, and TweetDeck.
Legislative responsibilities include researching legislation for both the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and drafting constituent letters on the Member’s behalf.
This is a unique opportunity to gain both legislative and communications experience in a fast-paced and high-volume congressional office.
All interns are paid $15.00 per hour for a maximum of 30 hours a week, and are expected to work collaboratively with the staff to answer phones, greet constituents, and guide tours of the U.S. Capitol Building. The Office of Rep. Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, or socio- economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply. The start date is March 23, 2020.
 Page 6 of 11

Applicants should send a resume, a short writing sample (no more than 2-pages), sample tweets on a current event, a sample graphic (optional) and availability to julia.albertson@mail.house.gov.
    MEM-028-20
TITLE: Congressional Intern
   REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; •good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available resources);
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests, including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Summer 2020 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to:
Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
 MEM-027-20
The Office of Congresswoman Abby Finkenauer (IA-01) seeks a competent,
   creative and motivated press intern.
Page 7 of 11

Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) producing daily clips, drafting press releases, assisting with responding to press inquiries and compile and update press lists. In addition, the intern will help draft daily content for the Congressman’s social media accounts, create newsletters and graphics, update the website, and record and edit videos. The press intern will report to and work closely with the Press Secretary.
The ideal candidate will possess excellent written and verbal communication skills and can work in a fast-paced environment. The candidate will also have congressional and/or campaign experience and a good sense of humor. Iowa ties are preferred but not required.
TO APPLY: Please e-mail a detailed resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to katie.solomon@mail.house.gov and include “Press/Digital Intern Application” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
  MEM-026-20
The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting applications for full and part-time interns for the spring and summer internship sessions. The start date would be as early as Feb 15, 2020 (flexible depending on availability) with a flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and have access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff. At the beginning of the legislative week, interns are expected to work into the evening to assist staff in facilitating member meetings. Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter to JeffVanDrewNJ@gmail.com. Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re applying for a spring or summer internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter].
   MEM-022-20
The Office of Congressman Trone is currently seeking qualified candidates for
   their Spring 2020 Internship Program in the Gaithersburg, Hagerstown, and Cumberland District offices. This internship runs from January to May.
Page 8 of 11

 Ideal candidates will be professional, motivated, dependable, a team player, and be able to show strong written and verbal communication skills. District office interns will have the opportunity to see how legislation directly affects residents through constituent services.
In addition to general office duties, responsibilities include, but are not limited to interacting with constituents over the phone and email, drafting correspondence to constituents and federal agencies, attending community events, meetings, and briefings, etc. Internship hours are flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but generally run 9:00 am to 5:00 pm Monday through Friday, and all participants in the internship program must be available to work 20-40 hours per week.
This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working cohesive team, to make a difference in the lives of others, and to increase one’s understanding of the operations of government agencies and the U.S. Congress.
All interested applicants must apply on our website to be considered for an internship in our office at https://trone.house.gov/services/internships
 MEM-020-20
Title: Intern
Salary: Paid
Closing Date: Until Filled
The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for summer of 2020. Specifically we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the labor policy team, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the health policy team, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the education policy team and graduate and legal interns and fellows for the oversight team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips.
Applicants who are applying for graduate internships or fellowships should be able to demonstrate academic or professional exposure to the subject matter of the team to which they are applying. Fellows must be participating in an established fellowship program. Applicants should be able to start in late April/ early May and commit through July.
 Page 9 of 11

 MEM-018-20
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov and indicate, in the subject line of the email, to which position they are applying. Please also include ‘Summer 2020’ in the subject line.
If you are applying for a graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short, relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Interviews will be scheduled on a rolling basis, but applicants should aim to submit their materials by February 14, 2020.
The Committee on Education and Labor is a legislative office within the U.S. House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over a broad array of child welfare, education, and labor policy areas, including early childhood education, K-12 education, higher education, employer/employee relations, worker safety, and employer provided health care. Representative Robert C. “Bobby” Scott (D-VA) serves as Chairman.
  The House Democratic Policy & Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a
   Digital intern to begin in January.
Responsibilities include, drafting press materials, media monitoring, assisting with maintaining website and digital platforms, clipping videos, drafting digital content, and other duties assigned.
Candidates must be proficient in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, Premiere, and After Effects) and have strong writing, organizational, and interpersonal skills as well as the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, graphic and video sample to dpcc@mail.house.gov with the subject line “DPCC Internship.”
 MEM-017-20
The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is seeking applicants for paid
   full-time or part-time Spring 2020 internships in Washington, D.C.
Responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, attending briefings and hearings, and helping conduct research for various projects.
Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Pacific Northwest ties highly preferred but not required. We encourage candidates from any academic background to apply.
Page 10 of 11

Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two references, and weekly availability to Noelle Gasper at noelle.gasper@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2020 Internship” in the subject line.
       full-time intern for the Spring 2020 semester.
Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research, drafting memoranda and other written materials, and a variety of other tasks.
Candidates should be team-oriented, resourceful, upbeat people who have skills beyond research and require little supervision.
This internship is open to undergraduates (rising seniors and above), recent graduates, and Master’s and law students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “HFAC Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
 MEM-014-20
The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a
 Page 11 of 11
