 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-051-17
MEM-050-17
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 13, 2017
Representative Derek Kilmer’s office (WA-06) is looking for Summer interns who can begin in either early-May or early-July. Washington ties are required and district ties preferred. To apply please send a resume, cover letter, and list of references to nwcongressionalinternship@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D), member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, is currently hiring interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include answering phones, sorting mail and faxes, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing general office support as needed. Intern candidates should be current or recent college students, regardless of major but with an interest in Congress and the legislative process. Full time availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are encouraged to apply as well. To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) seeks a highly motivated full or part time intern to begin immediately. Ideal candidates will be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional
  MEM-049-17
Page 1 of 9

 MEM-048-17
with strong communication and writing skills. The position is unpaid and seeks to provide professional and educational value to participants. Illinois ties are preferred but not required.
Tasks will include, but are not limited to:
• Assisting with office administrative tasks including sorting incoming mail, greeting visitors, and answering the telephone
• Attending briefings, hearings, and special events for legislative staff
• Performing legislative research on behalf of the Member and legislative staff • Responding to requests from constituents including leading tours of the U.S. Capitol building
Please send a resume and cover letter to IL08interns@gmail.com.
Democratic Congressman Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking highly motivated interns to join his Washington D.C. office. Interns will have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a congressional office and gain valuable work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence letters on various issues before the House. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to detail and ability to function in a fast-paced environment.
Full-time 3 month internship positions are available beginning March 20, 2017. CA-31 and/or California ties are preferred but not required. Internships are unpaid, however current students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply, please send cover letter, resume and brief writing sample to Chelsea.Glynn@mail.house.gov by February 17, 2017.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer for 2017. Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged to apply.
 MEM-047-17
Page 2 of 9

 MEM-046-17
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Communications Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time legislative intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer of 2017. Ideal candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong work ethic and writing skills. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast- paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Legislative Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.
Active Ranking Democrat of Committee seeks a paid communications intern to assist with personal office and Committee press operations. Primary responsibilities will include: compiling and distributing daily news clips; writing press releases; preparing letters to community and stakeholder groups; drafting website and social media content; and proof reading other materials. Attention to detail, strong writing skills, solid political instincts and sense of humor necessary for success. Position will last six months and pay a monthly stipend of $2,000. Potential for permanent hiring depending on performance. Please send a resume and one short writing sample to press.cjo@gmail.com.
The Office of Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks a full time, unpaid intern for part of the Spring Semester (March-May). Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to mark.galay@mail.house.gov.
The Washington D.C office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard is currently seeking a fulltime healthcare policy fellow for the spring. The fellow will be responsible in assisting with drafting memos on comprehensive policy issues, drafting legislation and amendments, writing speeches and statements,
 MEM-042-17
 MEM-041-17
MEM-040-17
 Page 3 of 9

 MEM-038-17
performing comprehensive research, and representing the Member in meetings with constituents and interested parties. Applicants should have excellent written and verbal communication skills. Graduate level students are welcome to apply. Please send a resume and cover letter to Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking an unpaid press intern to assist with fast-paced communications operation. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, event planning, social media (esp. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) and photography.
Intern duties may include:
- Daily press clips
- Answering phones
- Drafting documents for distribution to media - Messaging & interview prep documents
- Pitching to media
- Social media content development - Event photography
- ...and more!
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, writing sample and dates of availability to noor.teebi@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship” in the subject field.
Midwest Democrat is seeking interns available for an immediate start for the spring 2017 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American Government, fiscal issues, education and reproductive rights. Wisconsin ties a plus.
Requirements:
 MEM-037-17
Page 4 of 9

 MEM-036-17
MEM-033-17
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00 pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov ASAP.
Representative Claudia Tenney (NY-22) seeks interns for the Spring Semester. Intern duties include performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing mail, answering telephones, attending hearings and briefings, and any other office tasks. Ideal candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written communication skills. College credit is available if necessary. Preference will be given to New York natives; however, all are encouraged to apply. This internship is unpaid. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Joan.Stanton@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship” in the subject line.
Mid-Atlantic member seeks a press intern to begin immediately in the Washington, D.C. office. The role of the press intern is to help support the Communications Director in day-to-day tasks in the press shop, from special projects to copy editing to assisting with digital communications. This is an unpaid internship, but is an excellent opportunity for students seeking academic credit.
Responsibilities include:
• Research to support office communication and legislative efforts; • Compile daily clips;
• Draft social media, newsletters and other written communication; • Manage and update press lists;
• Attend briefings and press events;
• Answer phones and log constituent mail; • Give Capitol tours and;
• Assist with general office duties.
Requirements and expectations: Ideal candidates must be strong writers, possess acute attention to detail, have a thorough understanding of all social media and digital platforms and be able to work quickly and efficiently. Graphic design skills, relevant course work, and/or experience in media are appreciated. Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events, policy subjects and issues affecting the Mid-Atlantic region. Interested candidates should submit their resume, cover letter and writing sample to hannah.cooper@mail.house.gov. The subject line should read “Spring Press Internship Application.” Maryland ties preferred, but not required. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
Rep. Jose E. Serrano’s (NY15) Washington, D.C. office is seeking a full- or part- time press intern from February through May/June. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. Duties include assisting
  MEM-032-17
Page 5 of 9

 MEM-030-17
with daily news clips, compiling news research, drafting media releases/advisories and social media content, maintaining press contact lists, and managing web content. This position requires attention to detail, strong writing ability and grammar skills, creativity and a willingness to learn. Proficiency in the Microsoft Office, Adobe suites and social media is preferred. A background in journalism or communications is a plus, but not required. Undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates, are encouraged to apply. New York ties are a plus. This internship is unpaid. Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to Serrano.Press@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for his Spring and Summer 2017 internship program in his Washington, D.C. He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated, detail-oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. In the DC office, responsibilities will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on various projects. Although internships are unpaid, the office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Jordan.Garcia@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Bob Gibbs (OH-07) is seeking candidates for a full-time, unpaid internship for the spring term and the summer session in the Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should be well-organized, responsible, reliable, and possess excellent oral and written communication skills. In addition, a qualified candidate will be generally knowledgeable of legislative issues and current events. Duties will include answering phones, researching legislation, giving Capitol tours, attending hearings and briefings, and assisting the Member and legislative staff. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required. Any interested candidate should email his or her resume to mimi.bair@mail.house.gov.
California Democratic Member is currently accepting resumes for the 2017 Winter/Spring internship positions in his Capitol Office. Responsibilities include corresponding with constituents, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting with projects including press and legislative research, and administrative duties as needed. The staff member will have the opportunity to attend briefings and hearings on the Hill as well as network and learn from senior staff. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written communication skills, and have an ability to multitask and be flexible in a fast-paced environment. Multilingual applicants, particularly those speaking Spanish, are encouraged to apply.
 MEM-027-17
 MEM-024-17
Page 6 of 9

  MEM-023-17
In your cover letter please include your daily availability and both your start and end dates.
Interested applicants should apply at the following link:
https://vargas.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship- application. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Democratic Member of the House seeks an unpaid press intern for their DC office. The role of the press intern is to support the Press Secretary in day-to-day tasks in the press shop including special projects, copy editing, assisting with digital communications. This is an unpaid internship, but it is an excellent opportunity for students seeking academic credit.
Responsibilities include:
• Research to support office communication and legislative efforts; • Compile daily clips;
• Draft social media, newsletters and other written communication; • Manage and update press lists;
• Attend briefings and press events;
• Answer phones and log constituent mail;
• Give Capitol tours and;
• Assist with general office duties.
Requirements and expectations: Ideal candidates must be strong writers, possess acute attention to detail, have a thorough understanding of all social media and digital platforms, and be able to work quickly and efficiently. Graphic design skills, relevant course work, and/or experience in media are appreciated. Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events, policy subjects, and issues affecting North Carolina. If interested, please send a cover letter, resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and sample graphic you’ve created or link to a website containing your portfolio via email to nc12internjobs@gmail.com with “Press Internship” and the semester (spring or summer) as the subject. Absolutely no phone calls or walk-ins. This office is an equal opportunity employer. Minorities, LGBT persons and women are encouraged to apply. North Carolina ties preferred, but not required.
In the Washington, DC office of Rep. Dan Newhouse (WA-04), internships run throughout the fall, spring or summer semesters for college students. Although all internships in all offices are unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. Candidates who are interested should email their resume and a writing
 MEM-021-17
Page 7 of 9

 MEM-017-17
sample to Matt.Pettit@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Internship Application”.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill a Winter-Spring internship position through May. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research, and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communications skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and Congressional affairs. Spanish fluency, California ties, and full-week availability are all plusses. Please send a résumé, cover letter, a short writing sample (no longer than one page), and dates of availability to jhostyn.duval@mail.house.gov with “Intern” in the subject line.
Democratic Member of the House seeks an unpaid intern for their DC office. Responsibilities include assisting staff with general office duties, drafting constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, researching legislative issues, giving Capitol tours, greeting visitors and performing various other tasks. Candidates should be energetic, enthusiastic and able to thrive in a fast-paced working environment. Strong communication skills are a must. Candidates should have a general understanding of the governmental process, knowledge of North Carolina, and interest in the legislative process. If interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample via email to: nc12internjobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or walk-ins. Minorities, LGBT and women are encouraged to apply. North Carolina ties preferred, but not required
Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions immediately. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Louisiana ties are a plus but not required. If you are a student we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for academic credit. Please send a résumé and cover letter in PDF form to LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.”
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full-
 MEM-016-17
 MEM-015-17
 MEM-014-17
Page 8 of 9

time or part-time internship for the Spring of 2017. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Nevada ties are strongly encouraged but not required. Please send resume and cover letter to Catherine.chrobak@mail.house.gov.
 Page 9 of 9
