 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-321-16
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 24, 2016
The House Budget Committee Democratic staff is looking for two unpaid interns for the Spring semester. Primary responsibilities include answering phones, reviewing budget news articles, conducting research, preparing for Committee events and working with budget analysts on special projects. Interns will have the opportunity to participate in Budget Committee briefings, hearings and markups. In addition, interns are encouraged to attend events held by other committees. Candidates should also be self-starters, have strong writing skills and pay close attention to details.
To apply, please see details at http://democrats-budget.house.gov.
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is seeking interns for the winter and spring semesters. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters. Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents. Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the provided application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
 MEM-320-16
 Page 1 of 8

MEM-319-16
The office of Representative Bruce Poliquin is accepting applications for unpaid internships in Washington, D.C. for Spring 2017. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Interns work side by side with experienced full-time staff, and play an integral part in the daily operations of the office. A typical day for our interns includes welcoming folks to the office, researching legislation for the Congressman and policy staff, and answering constituent calls and letters on various issues before the House. Ties to Maine are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to Poliquin.internship@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or part – time interns for the Spring 2017 semester in Washington DC. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject line “Spring 2017 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.
Internship – The office of Congressman Mark Meadows (NC-11) seeks interns to serve in the Washington, DC office for the Spring 2017 semester. Ideal candidates will have excellent written and verbal communication skills as this position involves significant constituent interaction. Applicants must be detail oriented, professional, and highly organized. Responsibilities include scheduling and conducting Capitol tours, processing constituent mail, answering phones, conducting general administrative tasks, and supporting policy staff with various projects. Interested applicants may apply online at NC11.TOURS@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Greg Walden is seeking a paid intern in his Washington, D.C. office to start immediately. Walden is a member of the House Republican leadership and the chairman of a very active subcommittee on Energy & Commerce, so the office is always very active. Ideal candidates will be college students or recent graduates who are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detail- oriented, enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and have customer service experience. Willingness and ability to give enthusiastic tours of the U.S. Capitol is a must.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations. Although no two days are the same, an intern will be expected to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol, answer phones, greet Oregonians, and assist in managing constituent correspondence and administrative operations.
 MEM-318-16
 MEM-317-16
 MEM-316-16
Page 2 of 8

 MEM-314-16
Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide valuable experience for future endeavors. Prior interns in our office have gained excellent connections, learned about the many issues affecting our state and country, gained expertise in a wide array of policy areas, and gotten a detailed look at what makes the United States the most enduring democracy in the world.
Please submit an application at https://walden.house.gov/internships.
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks a qualified graduate or undergraduate press intern for the spring semester 2017. An internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process. Press interns will compile daily news clips, draft news releases and social media content, conduct research, and assist with administrative tasks such as updating media lists. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings, media briefings or media events on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction. A background in journalism, public relations or general communications is preferred, but not required.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks qualified graduate and undergraduate interns for the spring 2017 semester. An internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process. Throughout the course of their internship, interns will assist staff with administrative tasks such as answering phones, organizing documents, and running errands around the Capitol complex. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to perform legislative research, shadow staff at hearings, and assist in drafting letters and memos on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid congressional internship for Spring 2017. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are preferred. Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per week. Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and times available (start and end dates as well as days per week) to CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, CA52 Internship” in the subject line. Deadline to apply is November 10th.
 MEM-313-16
 MEM-312-16
 Page 3 of 8

MEM-311-16
Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D), member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, is currently hiring interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include answering phones, sorting mail and faxes, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing general office support as needed. Intern candidates should be current or recent college students, regardless of major but with an interest in Congress and the legislative process. Full time availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are encouraged to apply as well. To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Washington, D.C. team for a full-time, unpaid internship during spring, for a duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hard- working intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a one- page writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to eliza.ramirez@mail.house.gov.
The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Tom Reed is currently seeking full – or part – time interns for the spring 2017 semester. The internship runs from January 2017 through the beginning of May. Ideal candidates should be professional, dependable, and possess strong communication skills. Intern responsibilities include answering phones, giving guided tours of the Capitol, constituent correspondence, attending hearing and briefings, and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but are a great opportunity to gain professional and educational experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. New York ties are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should send their resume, cover letter, and a writing sample with the subject line “Spring Internship” to samara.brown@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for the spring for 2017. Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and
 MEM-310-16
 MEM-309-16
 MEM-308-16
Page 4 of 8

 MEM-307-16
serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Communications Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time legislative intern for her Washington D.C. office for the spring of 2017. Ideal candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong work ethic and writing skills. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast- paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Legislative Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.
The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking full- time interns for spring of 2017 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates would be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to wi06resumes@gmail.com.
A California Republican Congressman’s DC office seeks applications for a paid full-time intern. Responsibilities include maintaining the office’s organizational order, answering phones, assisting staff members in legislative research, giving tours, greeting visitors and overall office assistance. Candidates should have keen attention to detail, a self-starter work ethic, and quick adaptation skills. If interested, please send a resume, brief cover letter, your availability, and a writing
 MEM-306-16
 MEM-305-16
Page 5 of 8

 MEM-304-16
sample to CAgopinterns@gmail.com. Applications will be accepted on a rolling- basis. The office is looking for applicants for late October through January.
Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for the Spring Semester in the Capitol Hill office. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First Congressional District are strongly preferred but not required. Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to jordan1.wilson@mail.house.gov by November 1, 2016.
A Senior Maryland Democratic Member is seeking qualified applicants for a winter/spring internship position in his Capitol Hill Office. Responsibilities include answering phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail and faxes, leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and other responsibilities as needed. Interns will be able to work on projects to assist senior and legislative staff. Interns will also have the opportunity to network and learn from staff members on the Hill. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral and written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to work on a variety of tasks. Internship positions are unpaid. The preferred candidate will be flexible and productive in a fast paced environment. Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and 2-3 page writing sample to MD07.Intern@mail.house.gov. Maryland ties are preferred. No phone calls or drop-ins.
Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions immediately. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Louisiana ties are a plus but not required. If you are a student we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for academic credit. Please send a résumé and cover letter in PDF form to LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.
 MEM-303-16
 MEM-302-16
 Page 6 of 8

MEM-298-16
The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students, as well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for Spring 2016 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone inquiries and providing support to all Committee staff. Background in science a plus. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to bess.larson@mail.house.gov
The DC and District office of Congressman John Conyers, Jr., the Dean of the House of Representatives, representing Michigan’s 13th district, is looking for interns and fellows to serve full-time or part-time in the Washington DC office during Fall/Winter 2016-2017. This is an opportunity to learn about the inner- workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment. Interested applicants should e-mail a brief cover letter, resume and two professional references (not letters of recommendation) to Erik Sperling (erik.sperling@mail.house.gov) with the Subject:
Internship Fall/Winter 2016-2017. In your cover letter, please address the following:
• Reason that you’re interested in interning for Congressman John Conyers, Jr. • Issue areas that are of interest or where the applicant has particular expertise • Relevant experience, coursework, or affiliations, if any
• Your availability during Fall/Winter 2016/2017
Interns will be responsible for assisting with congressional projects, drafting constituent correspondence, preparing staff for briefings, researching topics for floor speeches, evaluating legislation, answering calls, sorting mail, giving Capitol tours, and tracking constituent casework, among many other possibilities (tasks may depend on applicant interests and abilities). All interns/fellows will be given the opportunity to research a topic of their choice and submit findings with policy recommendations to staff.
The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary responsibilities include office tasks such as answering phones and handling mail as well as assisting with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist with investigative research or other projects as needed. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. To apply please send your cover letter, resume and writing sample to oversight.democrats@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Intern.”
 MEM-297-16
 MEM-296-16
 Page 7 of 8

Page 8 of 8
