 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 6, 2020
 MEM-134-20
TITLE: Congressional Intern REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; •good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available resources);
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests, including names and addresses of constituents;
 Page 1 of 9

•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Summer 2020 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to:
Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
  MEM-130-20
“The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking summer interns for the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned.
Successful candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working, detail-oriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player. Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Nevada residents will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Summer Intern” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.”
  MEM-128-20
The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform, Subcommittee on Government Operations, is seeking an energetic and self- motivated graduate student for a full-time internship for Summer 2020. The position offers the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting and fast-paced Subcommittee, while participating directly in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting staff in preparing for congressional hearings, writing floor speeches, conducting legal and factual research, drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with Executive Branch and private sector officials. The Government Operation’s intern becomes the fourth member of a close team and has the opportunity to
 Page 2 of 9

work both with the full Committee and with Chairman Connolly’s personal office.
Background: The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate any matter at any time. The Subcommittee on Government Operations has jurisdiction over issues related to the federal civil service, whistleblower protections, the U.S. Postal Service; government management and accounting measures; the economy, efficiency, and management of government operations and activities; government reorganization; intergovernmental affairs, including state and local governments; federal information technology security, acquisition policy, and management; and federal property.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Applicants should be willing to be in the office full time.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a cover letter and resume to Wendy.Ginsberg@mail.house.gov with “Summer 2020 Internship Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
  MEM-127-20
Congressman Dan Meuser (PA-09) seeks applicants for full-time and part time paid internships for the Summer 2020 session in his Washington, D.C office. Interns will assist with legislative and administrative tasks by conducting research, attending briefings, answering phones, leading tours, drafting letters, among other tasks. Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to PA09Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please no drop-ins or phone calls.
  MEM-125-20
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a motivated and reliable student to fill a full-time digital intern position in the summer.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation, graphic design, manual photography, videography, website maintenance, analytics and performing other press and administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, OBS Studio, as well as compiling and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment and willingness to learn is a must; sense of humor strongly encouraged. This position reports to the digital press secretary. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
 Page 3 of 9

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-124-20
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented student with a passion for communications to fill a full-time press intern position in the summer. The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task in a fast- paced environment.
Press intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, compiling press clips, maintaining press lists, and drafting press releases. This position reports to the press secretary and broader communications team. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-123-20
The Office of Congressman Brad Schneider (IL-10) seeks a creative and highly motivated press intern to assist a fast-paced communications team in the Summer 2020 semester.
Primary responsibilities will include: compiling press clippings, creating and updating press lists, drafting social media content, and other writing projects. Candidates should have strong written and verbal communication skills, high attention to detail, and the ability to work under tight deadlines. Previous internship experience and Illinois ties are a plus. This is a paid position.
Please send a resume, a cover letter, two short writing samples, and availability to Jade.Means@mail.house.gov. Please apply by April 10th.
   MEM-119-20
The Washington office of Congresswoman Val Demings seeks an intern for Spring 2020. Individual responsibilities will vary, but all interns will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues.
Internship hours are flexible, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Interns will receive a stipend.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter with days of availability, including your preferred start and end dates, and a one-page writing sample to FL10.Internships@mail.house.gov. Please use “Internship Application” in the subject line. Individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
   Page 4 of 9

MEM-118-20
The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform is seeking energetic and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time internships. The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research, drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes. Law students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee counsel and staff. Background: The Oversight and Reform Committee is the primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate any matter at any time.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the office full time are preferred.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a cover letter and resume to OversightJobs@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
  MEM-117-20
The office of Congressman Mike Thompson (CA-05) is currently seeking applications for our internship program beginning immediately and running through June. Mike Thompson represents California's 5th Congressional District. The district includes all of Napa and parts of Contra Costa, Lake, Solano and Sonoma Counties.
Duties include greeting guests and constituents, answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, attending briefings, performing legislative research, drafting constituent correspondence letters and other various tasks to assist staff.
This opportunity will enable you to strengthen your understanding of the legislative process and will give you a front row seat to all that takes place in the United States Congress. Successful candidates have a professional demeanor, are hardworking, possess strong writing skills and a strong attention to detail. CA or district ties are preferable, but not required.
Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter and a short writing
 Page 5 of 9

sample to katie.clements@mail.house.gov with ‘Team Thompson Internship’ in the subject line.
   MEM-114-20
The Office of Congressman Lloyd Smucker (PA-11) is seeking highly motivated and professional interns to work in his Washington D.C. office. Full-time internship hours are 9:00 am – 6:00 pm, and part-time internships are based in availability.
Interns are expected to manage administrative and legislative assignments including but not limited to: answering phone and mail correspondence, provide various constituent services, execute front office responsibilities, give tours of the U.S Capitol, and conduct legislative research.
Qualified candidates will possess familiarity with the American political system and Capitol Hill, interest in current events and news, as well as demonstrate strong communications skills and work ethic. Must have an enthusiastic “can do” attitude as customer service is a very important cornerstone to this role. Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required.
Our office is currently offering internships for the Summer 2020 session. Please email your resume and cover letter to Benjamin.weiner@mail.house.gov with “Summer 2020 Internship” in the subject line.
   MEM-110-20
The office of Congresswoman Kendra S. Horn (OK-05) is seeking full-time and part-time Summer 2020 Interns for our Washington, D.C. office. The internship will run from May to August. We are looking for highly motivated, personable, and professional interns.
Responsibilities include answering the phones, leading tours of the Capitol, managing the front office, attending briefings, and supporting staff as needed. Our interns are provided with first hand experiences and gain invaluable insight into the legislative process while working in a fast-paced, community-oriented office.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates who are detail- oriented, have a strong work ethic, good writing skills, and can work collaboratively as part of a team. Oklahoma ties are strongly preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two writing samples (1-2 pages), three professional references, and your availability with the subject line “Spring Internship Application” to OK05.DCinternship@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is April 15, 2020.
  Page 6 of 9

Please note whether you are applying for outside funding and the deadlines that need to be met. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
  MEM-107-20
Seeking paid full-time and part-time interns in Rep. Drew Ferguson’s (GA-03) Washington, D.C. congressional office to start immediately. Intern responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. Generally, the office hours run from 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.” Applicants may send resumes to robert.redding@mail.house.gov
  MEM-090-20
The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking a second or third year graduate or law student as a ‘Labor Policy Intern’ or ‘Labor Policy Fellow’ for the spring of 2020. Interns and Fellows perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative work.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research, legal research, and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals.
Applicants should be able to start immediately and commit through May. Graduates and Fellows should be able to demonstrate study, practical or policy experience in issues relevant to the Committee. Fellows must be participating in an established fellowship program.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov. Please, also, include two short, relevant writing samples in your application materials. Applicants may visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
            Page 7 of 9

MEM-081-20
The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is seeking to fill an immediate vacancy for a paid undergraduate internship. Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips.
Applicants should be able to start immediately and commit through May. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov and put ‘Spring 2020 Undergraduate’ in the subject line of the email. Please visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Interviews will be scheduled on a rolling basis.
The Committee on Education and Labor is a legislative office within the U.S. House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over a broad array of child welfare, education and labor policy areas, including early childhood education, K-12 education, higher education, employer/employee relations, worker safety, and employer provided health care. Representative Robert C. “Bobby” Scott (D-VA) serves as Chairman.
    MEM-070-20
The Office of Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez is currently accepting applications for a full-time legislative internship. The internship is paid and offers metro reimbursement.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Internship” in the subject line.
The application deadline is Friday, April 17th.
    Page 8 of 9

MEM-069-20
The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking a highly motivated, proactive Summer Press Intern with strong writing and organizational skills. The internship is paid and offers metro reimbursement.
Duties include assisting the Chief of Staff and Press Secretary with day-to-day operations – including but not limited to: creating daily social media and video content, tracking press clips and traffic on social media, and drafting press releases, op-eds, newsletters and video scripts.
Responsibilities may include creating, drafting and posting content on all platforms and growing the Congresswoman’s e-newsletter program and updating the website. Ideal candidates are politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative self-starters familiar with social media and digital trends.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter with their availability, and three digital or writing samples in a single PDF to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Press Internship” in the subject line. The application deadline is Friday, April 17th.
  MEM-065-20
The Office of Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez is currently accepting applications for a full-time paid internship. Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor.
Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Internship” in the subject line.
The application deadline is Friday, April 17th, 2020.
       Page 9 of 9
