 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-417-15
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 30, 2015
Democratic Congressman Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking highly motivated interns to join his Washington D.C. office. Interns will have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a congressional office and gain valuable work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence letters on various issues before the House. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to detail and ability to function in a fast-paced environment.
Full-time 3 month internship positions are available beginning January 4, 2016. CA-31 and/or California ties are preferred but not required. Internships are unpaid, however current students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply, please send your resume to Chelsea.Glynn@mail.house.gov by December 9, 2015.
Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) DC office seeks interns for the Spring semester, from January to May 2016. The position requires a high deal of
 MEM-416-15
Page 1 of 29

 MEM-415-15
professionalism and efficiency, as well as strong writing and communication skills. The ideal candidate is organized, diligent, and positive. Duties include: answering telephone calls, responding to general constituent inquiries and requests for tours, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing administrative assistance to the legislative staff. Undergraduate students or recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to: olivia.hodge@mail.house.gov. Please include your availability in your cover letter.
The Office of Congressman Sam Graves (MO-06) is currently accepting applications for his Spring 2016 internship program in his Washington, D.C. office. The office is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated, detail-oriented, and personable.
Ideal candidates must be able to multi-task, have outstanding oral and written communication skills, and a desire to learn about the legislative process. Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the different career opportunities, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the staff on various projects. Missouri or Midwestern ties are preferred. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Abigail.Camp@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for Spring of 2016. Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
No phone calls, please.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking full-time interns for her Washington D.C. office for Spring of 2016. Ideal candidate would be professional, dependable and possess strong writing skills and work ethic. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide
 MEM-414-15
 MEM-413-15
Page 2 of 29

 MEM-412-15
professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
No phone calls, please.
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is seeking paid and unpaid interns for the spring starting in January. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups. Interns will work on substantive research projects and press matters. Additionally, interns are critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the application provided and send in a resume.
Minnesota Democrat seeks intern applicants for the Washington, D.C. office during the 2016 spring semester. Interns should expect to primarily assist with front office operations, but will also get opportunities to conduct legislative research, and obtain first-hand and comprehensive knowledge of the day-to-day operations of a Congressional office.
Interns will assist staff with front office duties, including sorting mail, answering telephones, data entry, and list building tasks. Assist legislative and communications staff on projects as needed. Perform research, attend briefings, and assist with constituent correspondence. Greet visitors, conduct tours of the Capitol, and other assignments as needed.
Candidates should demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills and have a good understanding of the legislative process. Qualified applicants will be organized, dependable, able to multi-task, willing and quick to learn, able to work in a fast-paced environment and have a good sense of humor.
Internships are unpaid, but we are happy to work with your College or University to receive academic credit for your internship.
Minnesota ties and full-time availability are preferred, but not necessary.
To apply, please submit a resume and cover letter here.
Congressman Gus Bilirakis (FL-12) seeks applicants for full and part-time internships in his Washington, D.C. office for the spring semester. Washington, D.C., interns are responsible for assisting staff with day-to-day functions within
 MEM-411-15
 MEM-410-15
Page 3 of 29

 MEM-409-15
the D.C. office, including but not limited to constituent correspondence and legislative research. They may also assist constituents in their visits to Washington, D.C., providing tours of the U.S. Capitol. The ideal candidate will be a college student or recent graduate who is motivated, possesses strong writing and organizational skills and is willing to jump in wherever needed with a positive attitude. A congressional internship provides unparalleled value and insight into the workings of a Capitol Hill office and the legislative process, as well as networking opportunities and exposure to important issues before Congress. While the internship is unpaid, college credit is available. Both part- time and full-time applicants will be considered. Florida ties preferred, but not required. To apply, please email a current resume, cover letter, and writing sample (500 words) with the subject line “Spring Internship” to FL12Resumes@gmail.com.
Congressman Vern Buchanan (R-FL-16) has full-time and part-time, unpaid internships available for the spring session (December - May) in his Washington, DC office. Duties include but are not limited to answering telephones, greeting visitors, conducting tours of the Capitol, researching legislative issues and writing letters. There will also be opportunities to experience Washington DC and attend briefings, classes and hearings.
Qualified candidates should possess excellent organizational and communication skills, should have a positive attitude, and a strong work ethic. Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university.
All interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to sheila.heiman@mail.house.gov with “2015 Spring Internship” in the subject line. Include in your cover letter why you would like to intern for Congressman Buchanan’s Washington Office, why you believe you are qualified, and your availability. Potential candidates will be contacted via email.
The Office of Congressman Raul Ruiz (CA-36) seeks highly-motivated, qualified interns with excellent research and communication abilities to join his District offices in Palm Desert and Hemet, California as part of the Spring 2016 Congressional Internship Program. Although congressional interns are unpaid they are considered an integral part of the office and are given an opportunity to expand their knowledge about public policy and the legislative process.
Congressional intern responsibilities may include, but are not limited to, conducting research for staff members, assisting staff at community or public events, attending meetings, transcribing documents, and providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls. Congressman Ruiz’s internship program also features staff-lead workshops designed to develop essential and professional skill that students may apply in any setting.
 MEM-408-15
Page 4 of 29

 MEM-407-15
Students interested in applying for a congressional internship in one of the offices of Congressman Raul Ruiz have the opportunity to apply to the Spring 2016 session. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. Prospective interns should complete an internship application (available here: https://ruiz.house.gov/services/internships), attach their resume, and submit to Tony Aguilar at tony.aguilar@mail.house.gov
The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is seeking full or part-time winter/spring interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess conservative values and hold strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research.
While this is an unpaid internship, we are happy to work with current students looking to receive college credit for their internship. Recent graduates are welcome to apply. Interested applicants should send their resume and availability to Rachel.Long@mail.house.gov. Please use “2016 McClintock Internship” in the subject line. No phone calls, drop-ins, or faxes, please.
The Office of Congresswoman Susan W. Brooks (IN-05) is seeking full-time and part-time interns in her Washington, D.C. office. The internship would take place over the Spring term, beginning in January and lasting through May (start and end dates flexible). The office is looking for both legislative and press interns. Legislative responsibilities include researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, answering constituent letters on various issues before the House, and leading U.S. Capitol tours. Press responsibilities include assisting the communications director with gathering news clips, drafting releases, and maintain social media. Interns will also partake in administrative duties such as answering phones and maintaining the office’s constituent database. Candidates should be motivated and have a desire to learn about the legislative process. Strong verbal and interpersonal skills required. Indiana ties preferred, but not required. If interested, please submit an application on our website, susanwbrooks.house.gov. Please refer to the “services” tab, click on internships, and submit your application. In the comments section, please indicate whether you are interested in legislative, press, or both. Any questions can be directed to mimi.strobel@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Majority Whip Steve Scalise (LA-01) is seeking interns for Winter and Spring. Interns will be placed on a rotational program through both the leadership and personal offices of Congressman Scalise. Previous Hill internship experience and/or Louisiana ties are preferred, but not required. Please send any resumes and cover letters to John Woodard at John.Woodard@mail.house.gov.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill winter/spring internship positions. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
 MEM-406-15
 MEM-405-15
MEM-404-15
 Page 5 of 29

 MEM-403-15
conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. Spanish-fluency, California ties, and full-week availability are all plusses. Please send a résumé, cover letter, a short writing sample (no longer than one page), and dates of availability to jhostyn.duval@mail.house.gov with “Intern” in the subject line.
The Washington, DC office of Congressman Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) is seeking enthusiastic and motivated interns for Spring 2016.
The ideal candidates will interact well with constituents, be able to multitask, and have a strong interest in public service. Excellent research and writing skills are crucial. Arizona ties are a plus, but not required.
Interns will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities include answering the phone, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and attending briefings and hearings. Internships are unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms for students to receive academic credit.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and a 2-5 page writing sample to AZ07Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Name— Spring Internship Application.” Cover letters should include the applicant's anticipated availability for the duration of the internship; writing samples may be excerpts of larger works. Interns will begin early to mid-January, depending on their availability, and end in mid-May. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis, and qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview.
The office of Congressman Don Beyer is accepting applications for unpaid internships to begin in January in his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be self-motivated, resourceful, and possessed of sound judgment, knowledge of politics, and a sense of humor. The proximity of Virginia's 8th District means that there is a substantial amount of work to be done in the areas of press, legislative research, and constituent services, and our interns get experience with a wide variety of responsibilities. To apply, please email resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to Aaron.Fritschner@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
Senior Democratic Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-30) seeks highly motivated, full and part-time interns for Spring 2016. Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties. Legislative support includes preparing materials for hearings, attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies
 MEM-402-15
 MEM-400-15
Page 6 of 29

 MEM-399-15
MEM-398-15
and congressional offices, and researching legislation for the Member and Legislative Staff. Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, leading tours and sorting mail.
Candidates should be professional, possess strong oral and written communication skills, have the ability to multitask, and have a good sense of humor. Ties to California’s 30th Congressional District are a plus but not required. Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter and resume to brads.interns@mail.house.gov with “CA-30 Internship” as the subject.
The Office of Rep. Scott Rigell (VA-02) is seeking politically Conservative unpaid Spring 2016 interns in their Washington, DC, office to begin in December/ January through May. The Office seeks an outgoing, enthusiastic person with at least 3 days/week availability who would like experience working in a Congressional Office. Virginia ties are a plus but not required. Interested persons should submit resume to Julie.Moorhead@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Jim Langevin (D-RI) is seeking full and part-time interns for the spring 2016 semester. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include providing constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest. Rhode Island ties are preferred but not required.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All internships are unpaid. To apply: send a resume, cover letter, two brief writing samples, and dates of availability to kerry.mckittrick@mail.house.gov.
The office of U.S. Rep. Brad Ashford seeks full-or part-time interns that can start immediately or spring 2016 in the Washington, D.C. office. Prospective interns should be mature, self-motivated, and enthusiastic. Candidates should also have strong research and writing skills. Duties will include answering phones, giving U.S. Capitol tours, maintaining the front office, processing mail, taking notes at hearings and briefings, as well as assisting staff with legislative research and drafting letters. Internships are unpaid and applicants for 2016 should be available from January to May. Nebraska ties are a plus but not required. For more information and to apply, please send a cover letter and resume to zac.andrews@mail.house.gov. Deadline to apply for 2016 is December 1, 2015.
The Office of Congressman Sam Farr (D-CA) is looking to hire full and part-time unpaid Legislative Interns to work in our Washington, DC office. The internship will begin Jana and go through March. You’ll be responsible for attending hearings and briefings, providing administrative support, guiding Capitol tours, conducting legislative research, drafting correspondence and a variety of policy
  MEM-397-15
 MEM-396-15
Page 7 of 29

 MEM-395-15
related projects to assist legislative staffers. Excellent time management skills, a healthy sense of humor, creativity and a strong commitment to teamwork are qualities we’re looking for. CA ties a plus, but not required.
If you’d like to be considered for a Legislative Internship position, please send a cover letter with your availability and resume to Dushani.desilva@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Intern Application” in the subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Please no phone calls.
Congressman Lloyd Doggett (D-TX) is seeking Internship applicants for his Washington, DC office for Spring 2016. These positions offer a unique opportunity to help respond to individuals who need help with a federal problem, and to learn about broader community and national concerns. Interns assist staff with constituent services and legislative research. If you are interested in interning, email Lloyd.Doggett@mail.house.gov with your resume and three references, a writing sample, and advise when you would be available. Candidates should have a strong work ethic and a positive attitude. Texas ties and Spanish skills a plus.
The Office of Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14) is seeking full and part-time interns for the Winter/Spring 2016 semester in its Washington D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills and a strong work ethic. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting the staff with general office duties, answering phones, responding to constituent mail, researching legislative issues, leading Capitol Hill tours, and attending briefings and hearings. Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to Ryan Diffley at Ryan.Diffley@mail.house.gov. State ties preferred, but not required.
The Office of Congressman David N. Cicilline (D-RI) is seeking full-time and part-time interns for the 2016 Spring semester (January – May) in its Washington, D.C. location.
The ideal candidate will have excellent research and writing skills, be able to multi-task, and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include answering the phone, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communications staff on various projects.
Internships are unpaid, but both full-time and part-time positions are available. Hours are 9-6 when Congress is in session, and 9-5 out of session. To apply, please visit https://cicilline.house.gov/serving-you/internships or email Annika.Lichtenbaum@mail.house.gov with a resume and one-page writing
 MEM-394-15
 MEM-393-15
 Page 8 of 29

MEM-392-15
sample.
The Washington, DC office of Congressman Luis V. Gutiérrez (IL-04) is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill internship positions in the Spring of 2016.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol Tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast paced environment, an eagerness to learn about the legislative process, as well as a minimum four day per week availability. Spanish-fluency and Illinois ties are a plus. Internships are unpaid.
Please send a résumé, cover letter, and dates of availability to gutierrezopportunities@gmail.com with “Intern Spring 2016” in the subject line.
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks qualified graduate and undergraduate interns for the spring 2016 semester. An internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process. Throughout the course of their internship, interns will assist staff with administrative tasks such as answering phones, organizing documents, and running errands around the Capitol complex. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to perform legislative research, shadow staff at hearings, and assist in drafting letters and memos on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Michael Capuano (D-MA) is looking for full-time interns to aid our administrative and legislative teams. Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending legislative hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, and assisting in any other special projects/tasks that may arise. Applicants should be self- motivated, reliable, hardworking, and have strong communication skills. Massachusetts ties preferred, but not required.
Winter internships start in January and run through the end of April/May. Internships are unpaid, but academic credit is available.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a one-page writing sample in PDF format to eliza.ramirez@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-391-15
 MEM-390-15
 Page 9 of 29

MEM-389-15
MEM-388-15
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Donovan (NY-11) is seeking applications for full- or part-time, unpaid interns for the Spring semester. Applicants must be willing to work at least two full days a week. Interns will be responsible for answering phones, talking with constituents, scheduling and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending briefings and hearings for legislative staff, and supporting the office with any additional duties. Interested candidates should email a current resume, cover letter, and a list of three references, with the subject line “Spring Internship” to NY11Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its Winter/Spring 2016 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support. Please note that this is not a paid internship. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available hours to CHADem.Intern@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship."
The Office of Congressman Curt Clawson (R-FL) is seeking full-time and part- time interns for the 2016 Spring semester (January – May) in its Washington, D.C. location.
The ideal candidate will have excellent research and writing skills, be able to multi-task, and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include answering the phone, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communications staff on various projects.
Internships are unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms for students to receive academic credit. Full-time and part-time positions are available, and hours are 8:30 – 5:30 on available days. Please contact Alex.Krueger@mail.house.gov with a resume and one-page writing sample to apply.
Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for the Spring semester in the Capitol Hill office. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
  MEM-387-15
 MEM-386-15
Page 10 of 29

 MEM-385-15
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First Congressional District are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to kathleen.gayle@mail.house.gov before December 4, 2015.
Congressman Ted W. Lieu’s internship program offers college students a unique opportunity to learn about the functions of the U.S. House of Representatives, as well as the Congressman’s work as the representative of CA-33, which includes parts of Los Angeles, the West Side, and the South Bay.
An internship with Congressman Lieu presents a variety of opportunities to participate in the daily operations of a Congressional District Office.
General intern responsibilities include:
Answering telephones, data entry, responding to constituent requests, assisting with special projects such as legislative research, assisting with constituent casework, and other miscellaneous tasks, as required.
In the busy atmosphere of a Congressional office, it is imperative that interns conduct themselves in a mature, professional manner, are well organized, able to take initiative, follow instructions, perform well under pressure, and work as an integral part of a team.
Skills required include:
Effective and professional phone manner, computer experience, good typing ability, punctuality, attention to detail, ability to follow instructions, ability to complete tasks efficiently and thoroughly, maturity, empathy, professionalism, and discretion.
This internship is unpaid. Congressman Lieu supports students requesting credit for their internship through their school or university. The deadlines for each internship sessions are as follows: Spring- December 11th, Summer- April 1st, Fall- August 5th. Preference will be given to residents of CA-33.
Please note that because of the competitive nature of the internship program, internship positions are available to college students only. Part time and full time internships are available.
If you would like to apply for our internship program please send your resume, cover letter, and writing sample to internship.lieu@mail.house.gov with your name and the term in the subject line. If you have any questions regarding the application, please contact the Intern Coordinator, Ashley Fumiko Dominguez at internship.lieu@mail.house.gov or 323-651-1040.
 Page 11 of 29

MEM-384-15
Congressman Ted W. Lieu serves on the House Committees on the Budget and Oversight & Government Reform. He is also the Democratic Freshman Class President and a Lieutenant Colonel in the Air Force Reserves.
Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D), member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, is currently hiring spring interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Interns are responsible for answering phones, sorting mail and faxes, giving tours of the Capitol, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Other tasks may include attending briefings and hearings, letter writing, and assisting press staff. Intern candidates should be current or recent college students, regardless of major. To apply please email your cover letter, resume, a short writing sample and a letter of recommendation to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Congressman Coffman (R-CO) seeks hard-working, enthusiastic legislative interns for the Spring 2016 semester in his Washington, DC office. Interns are responsible for: giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering constituent calls, sorting constituent correspondence, assisting legislative staff with research and writing, processing U.S. flag requests, attending Congressional briefings and hearings, and attending events with the Congressman as necessary. Applicants should have strong written and oral communication skills, exceptional interpersonal skills, and have demonstrable interest in public policy and government. Attractive applicants will have completed at least 60 credit hours of undergraduate coursework. Those with Colorado ties and professional proficiency in Spanish are encouraged to apply. Applicants should be aware that this is an unpaid internship that tentatively lasts from January through May 2016. To apply, please visit: http://coffman.house.gov/services/internships.
Intern needed to start immediately. Remainder of Fall 2015 & Spring 2016
We are seeking energetic and proficient interns in the Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Corrine Brown (FL05). An internship in Congresswoman Brown’s office will provide valuable experience to students as they prepare for their professional careers.
Interns have the opportunity to work with and assist all members of the staff, including legislative, administrative, outreach and press duties. Washington, DC interns will be encouraged to take advantage of the many hearings, workshops and seminars that are held on Capitol Hill.
In addition, we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for academic credit. Applicants should be highly motivated and enthusiastic self- starters.
Responsibilities include:
• Supporting administrative staff: answering phones, database entry, and sorting
 MEM-378-15
 MEM-376-15
Page 12 of 29

 MEM-375-15
mail.
• Supporting legislative staff: tracking constituent correspondence, drafting letters, and conducting research.
• Attending briefings and hearings for legislative staff.
• Compiling Social Media Post.
• Promoting constituent outreach efforts by communicating with constituents and constituent groups, attending meetings and events, and drafting correspondence.
Application process: Applicants should send a cover letter, availability and a resume. Those interested in a Washington, DC internship should email Brown.Website@mail.house.gov.
Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her Washington, D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the Spring 2016 term. Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative process and have a desire to learn while being a part of a hardworking team. Ideal candidates will possess strong writing and verbal communication skills, a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist staff with legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings, draft memos, sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours. Candidates with Maryland ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a brief and a one page writing sample by Friday, December 4, 2015 to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a full- time or part-time intern for the Spring of 2016. This is an opportunity to learn about the inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol, conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the legislative and governmental process. To apply, please send a resume, three references, writing sample, and cover letter to william.washington@mail.house.gov, with the subject ‘Norton Internship.’ No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Buddy Carter (GA-01) is currently seeking applicants for the fall semester. Internships are available to qualified college students seeking college credit or recent college graduates. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants as well as an understanding of our federal legislative process. Georgia ties are preferred, but they are not required. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: providing tours of the Capitol, answering phones, helping staff
 MEM-374-15
 MEM-373-15
Page 13 of 29

 MEM-372-15
process constituents’ mail and inquiries. Other responsibilities may include assisting staff with legislative research, writing meeting briefings, and attending committee hearings. Candidates should possess an interest in the legislative process, strong communication skills, along with organizational skills. If you are interested in being considered for an internship, please send your resume, cover letter, and any relevant writing samples to Hart.Thompson@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.
The Democratic Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting applications for full-time interns for spring of 2016 (January – May). Interns are given the opportunity to work on substantive projects under the direction of Committee Staff while also serving a general administrative function. Primary responsibilities include answer phones, reviewing budget news articles, conducting research, and preparing for Committee events. Interns will have the opportunity to participate in Budget Committee briefings, hearings and markups. In addition, interns are encouraged to attend events held by other committees. Preference will be given to applicants who have completed at least two years of undergraduate education. Ideal candidates can work full time from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm, Monday through Friday, or a minimum of four days per week. Interested applicants should apply at the following link: http://democrats.budget.house.gov/about/internships.
The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Republican Staff is currently seeking interns for Spring 2016 (available to start in January).
Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to, legislative research, assembling information, assisting staff during hearing and markup preparation and execution, and attending hearings, markups, briefings and meetings. Media work may include assisting staff to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips relating to Committee’s issues. Undergraduate Interns are also trained to perform administrative duties, such as answering phones, and sorting and distributing mail.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter and resume to Brian Corcoran at brian.corcoran@mail.house.gov.
Democratic Member of Congress seeks full-time or part-time unpaid Congressional interns to begin immediately. The responsibilities of a Congressional intern primarily focus on helping the Congressman communicate with his 700,000-plus constituents. Interns will assist the team with phones, mail, tours of the U.S. Capitol Building, and related front office duties. Additional tasks, including drafting correspondence, research projects, and attending hearings may be assigned on a case by case basis.
 MEM-371-15
 MEM-370-15
Page 14 of 29

 MEM-369-15
Candidates should possess excellent communication skills (both verbal and written) and an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress. Ideal candidates are positive, energetic, and eager to assist with the legislative and administrative needs of the staff. West Coast ties are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to andy.hackbarth@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks late fall/winter interns for her Washington, D.C. office. Interns will work in a fast-paced and fun congressional office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Additionally, interns will have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and briefings for the legislative staff. The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public service. Prospective interns should be able to commit at least 16 hours per week. Washington state ties are a plus, but are not required. Interested applicants should send a current resume and cover letter to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Spring 2016 semester.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips at 8:00 am and ends at 4:00 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if applicable, a portfolio sample to James Blum at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact James at 202-225-3615 with any questions.
The Office of Rep. Rich Nugent (R-FL-11) is seeking a highly motivated intern for its office in Washington, DC. Successful candidates will be organized, hard- working, and detail-oriented. Intern will be responsible for assisting staff with legislative and administrative duties such as greeting visitors, drafting constituent
 MEM-367-15
 MEM-366-15
Page 15 of 29

 MEM-365-15
correspondence, answering phones, and leading Capitol tours. Intern will also have opportunities to attend staff briefings and committee hearings to gain firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. The position is unpaid, and the intern is responsible for finding housing in the DC area. Florida ties preferred. If interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and available dates to fl11internship@gmail.com. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
The office of Congressman Marlin Stutzman is seeking an unpaid intern in the Washington, D.C. office for the 2016 spring semester. Responsibilities will include but are not limited to: answering phones, sorting constituent mail, attending committee hearings and briefings for staff, assisting in legislative research, and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol. Applicants should possess excellent written and verbal communication skills, be self-motivated, and able to work as part of a professional team. Hill experience not necessary.
To apply, send resume and cover letter to in03internship@gmail.com.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is offering spring internship opportunities for college students and recent college graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents, attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing sample to James Blum at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact James at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Maxine Waters, Ranking Member of the Committee on Financial Services, is offering winter/spring internship opportunities for students and recent graduates. First-hand experience in Congresswoman Waters’ office will provide interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of public policy and the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents, attending committee hearings, writing press releases, researching various issues for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
The internship provides different professional development opportunities with Page 16 of 29
 MEM-364-15
 MEM-363-15

 MEM-362-15
staff to discuss their experiences on the Hill and future employment strategies. Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing sample to Sean Higgins at Sean.Higgins@mail.house.gov.
A Tennessee House Republican seeks full-time and part-time interns to begin as soon as possible for the spring 2016 semester. Duties will include:
• Conducting legislative research and writing memos,
• Attending Congressional hearings and briefings on behalf of the staff, • Welcoming guests,
• Handling constituent communications, and
• Giving tours of the Capitol.
College students, recent graduates, and those with an interest in tax, budget, and health care policy are encouraged to apply. Tennessee ties are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter detailing their interest and time commitment they are willing to make to meghan.oakes@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Mimi Walters (R-CA) seeks part time/full time hard working intern for Winter 2015.
Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to Internshipsca45@gmail.com California ties encouraged.
Congressman Dave Reichert’s Washington, DC office is looking for energetic and hard-working interns to start as soon as possible. Qualified candidates should have an interest in American government and working in a fast-paced political environment.
All interns are expected to effectively communicate with staff members and constituents. Daily tasks include, but are not limited to; administrative duties, leading tours of the United States Capitol Building, communicating with constituents and other offices on Capitol Hill, writing briefings and memos, conducting research, and experiencing the city of Washington, DC. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend hearings and meetings on a wide range of topics.
All internships are unpaid. However, if your college or university offers credit hours, we are happy to complete any necessary evaluations. In addition, housing
 MEM-361-15
 MEM-360-15
Page 17 of 29

 MEM-359-15
is not provided but assistance will be offered.
If you are energetic, hard-working, and interested in a position in Rep. Reichert’s Washington, DC office, please contact Isaac Tobis at 202-225-7761 or send your resume and a cover letter to Isaac.tobis@mail.house.gov.
The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Martha McSally (AZ-02) is currently seeking applicants for winter 2015/2016. Responsibilities include assisting the staff with front office operations, conducting legislative research, answering constituent calls and inquiries, conducting tours, and learning about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be ambitious, proactive, have a positive attitude, and demonstrate a strong interest in the legislative process. Unpaid internships are available to qualified college students seeking college credit or recent college graduates; stipends are offered commensurate with experience. If you are interested in being considered for an internship, please send your resume, cover letter, and any relevant writing samples to keeley.christensen@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.
Congressman Paul Cook’s Washington, D.C. office is now accepting internship applications for the Winter 2015 and Spring 2016 term. Interns are invaluable multifunctional team members who manage an array of administrative tasks and traffic flow in the office, relieving the pressure on the legislative team for daily committee and voting activities. Interns will be responsible for assisting the team with phones, mail, tours, flag-requests, and related front office duties. Additional tasks, including drafting correspondence, research projects, and attending hearings may be assigned on a case by case basis. Ideal candidates are positive and energetic, have excellent people and organizational skills, and are eager to assist with the legislative and administrative needs of the staff.
Undergraduate and post-graduate students are eligible to apply. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants, but students have the opportunity to gain academic credit. California ties are preferred. If interested, please contact our office at Kassandra.Taira@mail.house.gov with "Internship" in the subject line. Please include cover letter, resume and a writing sample.
Congresswoman Candice S. Miller (R-MI) seeks legislative interns for the Spring 2016 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, managing constituent phone calls, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with constituent correspondence, and attend legislative briefings, congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Requirements: Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent Page 18 of 29
 MEM-358-15
 MEM-357-15

 MEM-355-15
written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team environment, and possess a strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to perform a variety of tasks and administrative functions. Michigan ties are preferred, but not required. To apply, please send cover letter and resume to mi10intern@gmail.com.
The Office of Congresswoman Jackie Speier (CA-14) is seeking spring semester interns for the DC office. Qualified candidates will be able to multi-task and thrive in a fast-paced work environment, while providing high-quality “customer service” to our constituents. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, handling constituent correspondence, answering phones, booking and leading constituent tours, attending hearings and briefings, and assisting legislative staff where needed. Students and recent graduates with ties to California’s 14th district are strongly preferred. Interested candidates should send their resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to speier.internships@mail.house.gov. Interns will begin early to mid-January depending on their availability and end in mid- May. Qualified candidates will be contacted for interview. No phone calls, please.
California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the winter 2015/2016 internship session. Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips, assist with front office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications and writing skills are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not required. Please submit a cover letter, brief writing sample, and resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.
Democratic Member of Congress seeks applicants for full-time or part-time unpaid congressional internship to begin immediately. Duties will include drafting memos, attending briefings, conducting legislative research for various legislative issue areas, as well as assisting with front office and administrative tasks. Strong candidates are self-starters, able to multi task, and will exhibit strong writing and communication skills. New York ties are a plus but not required. Interest in issues under the jurisdiction of the House Committees on Energy and Commerce and Small Business as well as Caribbean affairs are a plus. Please send a resume and writing sample to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Ted Lieu (D-CA) seeks unpaid interns for the Spring 2016 internship cycle. Interns will assist the legislative team with research projects and constituent correspondence, compile press clips and conduct social media projects, and perform clerical duties. Interns are also responsible for writing cosponsorship, briefing, and hearing memos on topics of their choice to learn more about the legislative process and particular issues. We expect interns to be hard-working, friendly, and intelligent and possess strong writing and
 MEM-353-15
MEM-352-15
  MEM-348-15
Page 19 of 29

 MEM-344-15
communication skills. California ties are strongly preferred. Please send a resume, writing sample, and dates of availability to lieu.staff@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2016 Internship Application” as the subject line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until all spots are filled.
Democratic Leadership Office seeks highly motivated, part-time or full time interns. Intern responsibilities include administrative duties and a few legislative duties as necessary. Administrative support includes sorting mail, preparing briefing binders, setting up events, and other special projects as assigned by staff. The position requires the ability to multitask, strong organizational skills, and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment. The internship is unpaid, but interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience in a Democratic Leadership office.
Please send a resume and cover letter to deminternship@gmail.com. Please no drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.
Congressman Tony Cárdenas is looking for interns to join his Washington, D.C. team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting as soon as possible, for a duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: assisting with scheduling, answering phone calls, attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hard-working intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more complex, legislative and press-related projects. Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e- mail resume and cover letter in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.
Democratic Member of the House seeks an unpaid intern for their DC office. Responsibilities include assisting staff with general office duties, drafting constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, researching legislative issues, giving Capitol tours, greeting visitors and performing various other tasks. Candidates should be energetic, enthusiastic and able to thrive in a fast-paced working environment. Strong communication skills are a must. Candidates should have a general understanding of the governmental process, knowledge of North Carolina, and interest in the legislative process. If interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample via email to: nc12internjobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or walk-ins. Minorities, LGBT and women are encouraged to apply. North Carolina ties preferred, but not required.
Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-3) is currently seeking interns in his Page 20 of 29
 MEM-343-15
 MEM-342-15
 MEM-341-15

 MEM-340-15
Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2016 (January-May). Interns perform a variety of responsibilities, including answering phones, receiving guests, and providing tours of the Capitol Building. They will also research legislation for the legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns should possess strong research, writing, analytical, and interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates should express an interest in politics and conservative values. All internships are unpaid. However, if your college or university offers credit hours we are happy to complete any necessary evaluations. Interested candidates should contact Edward Rolwes and email their resume and cover letter to: edward.rolwes@mail.house.gov.
Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available full-time and part-time internships for the 2015 Fall and 2015 Winter semesters in his Washington, D.C. office beginning immediately. Interns will work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, answering constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Interns will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Social media and other communications experience a plus.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be able to work both independently and as part of a team. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred. Those interested please send your resume and cover letter to ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.
Georgia Congressman David Scott seeks unpaid interns for spring semester. Duties will include the following: attending hearings and briefings, responding to constituent inquiries, researching legislation, conducting U.S. Capitol tours, and basic administrative responsibilities. Qualified candidates must be highly organized, responsible, detail oriented, possess excellent communication and writing skills, and be able to multi-task. Georgia ties and/or an interest in agriculture or financial services are preferred. All interested applicants should send a resume, and cover letter to seema.ibrahim@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Name – Spring Internship Application.”
The Office of Representative Loretta Sanchez (CA-46) is seeking unpaid interns for her Washington, DC office for the 2016 Spring Semester/Winter Quarter. Candidates should have an interest in and knowledge of the legislative process, possess excellent writing and communication skills, and have an understanding of the American political system.
 MEM-339-15
 MEM-338-15
Page 21 of 29

 MEM-336-15
Interns will be responsible for projects such as writing congressional correspondence, fielding constituent phone calls, and other requests. Additional duties include, but are not limited to, leading Capitol building tours, attending briefings and committee hearings, and conducting research on various legislative issues. Applicants are expected to start in early January.
Individuals with Orange County, California ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Knowledge of the 46th Congressional District is strongly recommended. Applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and 1-2 page writing sample to CA46internships@mail.house.gov. Qualified applicants will be contacted for interviews. No phone calls, please.
The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an experienced unpaid communications intern to assist with day-to-day operations and special projects in the Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be soon-to-be or recent college graduates with a preferred major in PR, journalism, English, or communications. Interested applicants must be able to commit to at least 30 hours per week. Qualified candidates will have a previous internship in communications, journalism, a political office or on the Hill, excellent writing skills, and a positive attitude and sense of humor. Photoshop experience is a plus. Intern responsibilities will include monitoring news on relevant policy areas and compile media reports, drafting social media posts and graphics on legislation, issue positions, and news items. Interns will also help brainstorm creative ways to concisely convey complex policy initiatives, draft press material, proof and edit documents from Senior Staff, and assist the Communications Director with special projects. Interested candidates should send their resume and two brief writing samples to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com. Writing samples may include: press release, advisory, professional Facebook post & corresponding tweet, school newspaper article, etc.
The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid intern for Spring 2016. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending hearings. Western ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their resume, a cover letter, and a brief writing sample to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com.
Internships are currently available in Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren’s (CA-19) Washington, D.C. office. Congresswoman Lofgren represents California’s 19th Congressional District, which lies in the heart of California’s “Silicon Valley”. Interns have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a busy congressional office and gain invaluable work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the legislative process. Interns’ responsibilities
 MEM-335-15
 MEM-334-14
Page 22 of 29

 MEM-333-15
MEM-329-15
will vary—in addition to answering phones and running errands around the Capitol, interns will have the opportunity to attend hearings and briefings, research legislation for legislative staff, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent writing and analytical skills, a demonstrated work ethic, and ability to function in a fast-paced environment. A successful candidate will be motivated, able to multitask, and have the ability to work well under pressure. Full-time internship positions are available beginning November 2, 2015. Internships are unpaid.
CA-19 and/or California ties are preferred but not required. Interested applicants should apply through http://lofgren.house.gov.
Senior Republican Congressman is seeking a highly motivated, full-time intern that can start immediately upon acceptance. The individual should be able to multi-task and be prepared to work in a fast-paced office. Some responsibilities include attending briefings, answering phones, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence and mail, and working on various projects for the staff as needed. North Carolina ties are encouraged, but not required. In order to apply, please send capitolhill45@gmail.com a resume and cover letter with “NC Intern Application” in the subject line.
The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently seeking undergraduate interns for Fall 2015 (available to start immediately) and Spring 2016 (available to start in January). We are also accepting graduate and/or fellowship applications for both labor and education for Spring 2016 (available to start in January).
Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to, legislative research, assembling information, assisting staff during hearing and markup preparation and execution, and attending hearings, markups, briefings and meetings. Media work may include assisting staff to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips relating to Committee’s issues. Undergraduate Interns are also trained to perform administrative duties, such as answering phones, and sorting and distributing mail.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter and resume to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please visit our website at http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
The Office of Congressman Reid Ribble is seeking qualified candidates to intern in our Washington, D.C. office starting in January 2016. We are interested in candidates of all academic disciplines.
   MEM-328-15
Page 23 of 29

 MEM-327-15
Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office administration, legislative research, constituent correspondence, and other duties as assigned. Administration will include daily tasks such as welcoming guests, being aware of the Congressman’s and staff’s schedules, answering phones, constituent tours, mail administration, and other duties. Legislative research and constituent correspondence will include being aware of current and pending legislation, researching legislation for constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and the drive to take the initiative in a fast-paced environment.
This is an unpaid position. If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter, resume and writing sample to dominique.yantko@mail.house.gov.
The Washington, DC office of Congressman Luis V. Gutiérrez is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill internship positions in the fall of 2015. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol Tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast paced environment, an eagerness to learn about the legislative process, as well as a minimum four day per week availability. Internships are unpaid. Spanish-fluency and Illinois ties are a plus.
Please send a résumé, cover letter, and dates of availability to gutierrezopportunities@gmail.com with “Intern” in the subject line.
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid congressional internship for Spring 2016. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are preferred. Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per week. Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and times available (start and end dates as well as days per week) to CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, CA52 Internship” in the subject line.
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
 MEM-326-15
 MEM-324-15
Page 24 of 29

 MEM-323-15
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy. Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov by December 1st.
Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast- paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to michelle.serrato@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Joe Wilson (SC-02) is currently seeking interns for the Washington, D.C. office to start immediately.
Qualified candidates will possess an interest in the legislative process, excellent writing and communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a willingness to learn and take on new tasks.
Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to, assisting staff with general office duties, attending hearings/briefings for staff members, answering phones, sorting through mail, drafting response letters, and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol. Candidates should be highly motivated and have good communication skills. This position is unpaid, but does offer a great educational experience for anyone with aspirations of working on Capitol Hill.
All interested applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to sc02.internship@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-322-15
 Page 25 of 29

MEM-321-15
MEM-320-15
North Carolina Democrat seeks an unpaid Communications Intern for her Washington, D.C. office. Duties include tracking press clips and traffic on social media networks, updating and maintaining press contact lists, drafting press releases, and assisting with the office's day-to-day communications operation. Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications, new media, or journalism. North Carolina ties are a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter to nc12internjobs@gmail.com.
California Democratic Congressman Jared Huffman is seeking current college students or recent college graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for a full-time or part-time internship. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-to- day duties. Such duties include attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, drafting constituent correspondence letters, doing legislative research, and various other tasks.
The internship is unpaid, though interns will gain valuable Hill and office experience as well as have access to many unique Hill opportunities. Congressman Huffman represents California’s 2nd congressional district, which extends along the Pacific coast, from the Golden Gate Bridge to the Oregon border. California ties are preferred, but not necessary. Please send resume and cover letter to DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov.
Nevada Republican seeks a legislative intern for January 2016 and/or Spring 2016. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Legislative Internship Qualifications:
Our office is looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be self- starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to do assist with daily office tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Legislative Internship Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00am- 6:00pm). Students welcome to apply. Those interested please send cover letter, updated resume, and references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-319-15
 Page 26 of 29

MEM-318-15
Nevada Republican seeks an unpaid communications intern for January 2016 and/or Spring 2016. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the communications process and the United States Congress. Communication intern responsibilities include tracking and reporting on social media and news story comments, drafting social media posts, establishing and managing a twitter account, and reaching out to local/national reporters on social media. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend events and committee meetings to take photos and videos, work with the communications director to put press releases on the website, and assist with writing projects at the discretion of the communications director. Interns will also help facilitate our constituent communications program and guide constituents on tours of the US Capitol building.
Communications Intern Qualifications:
Our office seeks an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be self- starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently and as a member of a team environment. Applicants must have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist with daily communication tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Communications Intern Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00 am- 6:00 pm) with the option of working full-time, spring semester beginning in January. Students are welcome to apply. If interested, please send a cover letter, updated resume, sample of a social media post for a congressperson, and references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Adam Kinzinger (IL-16) is looking for unpaid interns in his Washington, DC office for the 2015 fall and spring semesters. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative projects, and attending briefings and hearings. Ideal candidates should have a strong work ethic, be energetic and engaging, and possess a positive attitude. Candidates with Illinois ties are encouraged to apply. Please send resume and cover letter (with availability) to internsIL16@gmail.com.
Seeking intern who will report to the Intern Coordinator/Supervisor.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to assist in performing clerking duties, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties and other office errands.
DUTIES:
• Sorts and distributes mail;
 MEM-317-15
 MEM-315-15
Page 27 of 29

 MEM-314-15
• Performs data entry, including logging in incoming letters;
• Answers the telephones;
• Assists staff with Committee business including: Hearings, Briefings, and Business Meetings;
• Performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
To apply for this position, please send an email to Brett.Cozzolino@mail.house.gov with a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample.
Illinois Representative Mike Bost is looking for college students or recent grads for a Congressional internship. These internships are available now on either a full-time or part-time basis. Qualified candidates will be highly organized, prompt, responsible, and ready to work in a fast paced environment. Strong oral and communication skills are a must. Daily duties will include assisting staff, answering phones, organizing mail, giving tours of the Capitol Building, and attending hearings and briefings for legislative staff. Interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience and further their understanding of the legislative process. Illinois ties are preferred but not necessary. All interested applicants should e- mail their resume and/or cover letter to midwestinternship@gmail.com.
Florida Republican is seeking interns for early January through May 2016. Qualified candidates will be hardworking, motivated self-starters, detail-oriented, and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Daily duties as an intern will include providing general constituents services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending hearings. Florida ties are a plus but not a requirement. This internship is unpaid, however, individuals will gain invaluable experience. Please send a resume and cover letter to FloridaConservativeRepublican@gmail.com with subject line “Intern” for consideration.
The Washington, DC office of Rep. Mark Sanford (SC-01) seeks applicants for unpaid fulltime internships for the fall season. Applicants should be able to competently handle telephone calls, be well-organized, have an eye for detail, possess strong writing skills, be generally knowledgeable of legislative and related issues, and be able to complete tasks as directed. Main duties include answering telephones, logging constituent calls, giving tours of the Capitol to visitors, opening and sorting mail, and assisting with other projects. Interns will have many opportunities to take on additional responsibilities within the office, at the discretion of staff. Interest in fiscal responsibility and ties to South Carolina preferred. Anyone interested should send a resume to Martha@mail.house.gov.
The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is currently accepting applications for Spring 2015. Intern responsibilities include researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings
 MEM-313-15
 MEM-312-15
 MEM-311-15
Page 28 of 29

 MEM-309-15
and briefings, answering phones, day to day office duties, and answering constituent letters on various issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to MeehanDCIntern@gmail.com. The deadline to apply is November 20, 2015. Ties to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District are preferred, but not required.
The Office of Congressman Juan Vargas (CA-51) is currently seeking interns for the Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2015 semester.
Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to, assisting staff with legislative research, administrative office duties, attending hearings/briefings for staff members, answering phones, sorting through mail, drafting response letters, and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol. This position is unpaid, but does offer a great educational experience for anyone with aspirations of working on the Hill. Ideal candidates should have good communication skills and a positive attitude. California ties and Economics/Business majors are preferred.
All interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to daniel.gaytan@mail.house.gov.
Energetic NY Democrat is seeking a highly motivated Legal Fellow to assist with a number of issues, including criminal justice, intellectual property, and financial services. Responsibilities include analyzing policy issues, drafting memos, researching policy positions, and assisting extremely active legislative staff as needed. The ideal candidate is a law school student or recent law school graduate and should possess strong communication skills, attention to detail, and the ability to operate in a fast-paced environment. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. This fellowship is unpaid but is eligible for school credit where applicable.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov with “Legal Fellowship” in the subject line. Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
 MEM-308-15
 Page 29 of 29
