 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 9, 2019
 MEM-434-19
Chicago based Democrat Mike Quigley (IL-05) is seeking interns for the fall semester in his Washington, DC office to start immediately. Candidates should possess an interest in the legislative process, excellent writing and communication skills, and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative team to conduct research, draft letters and policy memos. Responsibilities also include answering phone calls, drafting constituent correspondence, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, and related administrative work. Interns will have the opportunity to attend briefings, hearings, and other legislative events.
Individuals with Chicago ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified candidates should email their cover letters and resumes to Isabella.Spinozzi@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Internship Application.”
  MEM-433-19 “The Office of Congressman Pete Stauber is seeking part-time or full-time interns for the Fall of 2019. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting
 Page 1 of 9

legislative staff with research, assisting with constituent letters, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who have excellent customer service skills, have a strong work ethic, and pay close attention to detail. Qualified candidates will also have strong oral and written communication skills and be able to work well on a team. Minnesota or Midwestern ties are preferred, but not required.
Internships are paid and the office will work with current students to receive college credits. Interested applications should send their resume, brief cover letter, and references to Eric.Gebhart@mail.house.gov. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to work in your cover letter.”
  MEM-432-19
The Democratic Majority of the Committee on Rules is seeking a full-time press intern for the upcoming semester (January-May). Opportunities will include compiling daily press clips, working collaboratively to generate creative and engaging content for digital platforms, and assisting communications staff with the creation of additional materials as needed.
Ideal candidate is a politically savvy, detail-oriented, and creative self-starter who is familiar with graphic and/or video design, with an interest in learning about House procedure. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please. Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and diverse candidates, those with untraditional backgrounds, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send both a resume and brief cover letter with the subject line: Press Intern Spring 2020 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to join, in particular, the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov. Please save requested documents in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” The deadline to apply is October 14, 2019.
     interns for the upcoming semester (January – May). Our interns work closely with Committee staff to prepare materials for Committee meetings, process incoming amendments to bills, conduct research projects, answer phones, learn about the Rules of the House and the special-order process, and complete a variety of other administrative tasks.
MEM-431-19
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic
Page 2 of 9

Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work ethic, an interest in learning about House floor procedures, and are detail-oriented. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please. Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line: Legislative Intern Spring 2020 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to join the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov. Please save requested documents in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” The deadline to apply is October 14, 2019.
     D.C. Typical duties include answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, attending hearings and briefings on behalf of legislative staff, and drafting constituent correspondence letters. This position is unpaid. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
With “internship” in the subject line, please submit a cover letter listing your availability in addition to a 1-2 page writing sample to: Judi.Wolford@mail.house.gov
 MEM-430-19
NJ Congressman seeks full or part-time interns for fall 2019 in Washington,
MEM-427-19
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a full or part-time press intern. Responsibilities include but are not limited to compiling press clips, photographing hearings, writing social media copy, and other tasks as needed by the Communications team. Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills as well as a desire to help veterans and learn about the House and legislative process.
Submit a resume and cover letter to veterans.internships@mail.house.gov. Please include in your cover letter how many days a week you would be available to intern as well as your preferred start and end dates. Student veterans preferred, but not required. Internships are unpaid.
     interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office, intern responsibilities will vary.
Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn
MEM-424-19
California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time
Page 3 of 9

about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Internships are paid and the office will provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com
  MEM-420-19
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks a full-time, paid Communications Intern for the fall semester. Responsibilities include updating and maintaining the website, creating social media content and graphics, drafting press releases and op-eds, and compiling and tracking media coverage.
Additionally, this intern is critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, creative, reliable, and have excellent writing and communications skills. Familiarity with social media and website development is strongly desired. An interest in science policy is a plus.
Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and social media graphic sample to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov with “Communications Intern” in the subject line by September 20th. Please include your approximate dates of availability. No calls or drop-ins please.
  MEM-418-19
The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking undergraduate interns for fall of 2019. Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals.
Media tasks may include helping to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips. Applicants should be able to start in September and commit through December. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume, references and internship applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov. Please visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Applicants should aim to submit their materials as soon as possible.
   MEM-417-19 The Office of Congressman H. Morgan Griffith (VA-09) is currently seeking full or part-time unpaid interns for his Washington, D.C. office during the fall semester. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
 Page 4 of 9

 Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research.
Although all internships are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students to receive college credit. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover letter to josie.hammon@mail.house.gov No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
 MEM-416-19
The Democratic Staff on the House Education and Labor Committee seeks a health care intern/fellow. This position will work on the health team. Candidates should have familiarity with health policy, including the Affordable Care Act. Knowledge of other statutes and policies within the Committee’s jurisdiction and how they impact health and human services policy is preferred. Prior Hill experience or policy experience is also preferred.
Tasks will include supporting the development of legislation regarding health policy, conducting issue and legislative research, and preparing written materials and legislative analyses. Applicants should be available to start in September 2019 and commit through December 2019.
To apply, applicants must submit the internship applicant information form (https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships/form), a resume and a short writing sample. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply. Please email resume and writing sample to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov with "Health Policy Intern/Fellow" in the subject line.
      Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall Intern” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
 MEM-415-19
The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking Fall 2019 interns for our
MEM-413-19 Southern Democratic Member of Congress seeks both full-time and part-time interns for Fall 2019 in the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include
    Page 5 of 9

answering phones, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, running errands, and drafting constituent correspondence. Applicants should have excellent written and verbal communication skills, and work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment. No drop-ins or phone calls.
Please email nchousejobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Fall 2019 - Internship Application” and attach a resume, writing sample, and include information regarding your full-time or part-time availability. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
  MEM-411-19
“Congressman Jodey Arrington (TX-19) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office in September or October for a 3-4 month internship. Candidates should be motivated, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are important. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, and leading tours of the US Capitol.
Full-time candidates with Texas ties are preferred. This is a paid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to marisa.burleson@mail.house.gov”
  MEM-410-19
The District Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton is seeking motivated and hard-working college students for our Fall 2019 internship program. Interns will gain valuable work experience in a fast-past, community based congressional office. If you are an undergraduate student who is passionate about public policy, the District of Columbia and serving its constituents, our internship program offers a unique opportunity for growth, learning and community involvement in meaningful work. We are looking for people who are dependable, professional and enjoy contributing to rewarding public service work.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral and written communication skills, responsible, dependable, flexible, and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them. Task include but are not limited to the following: Community engagement, event planning, flyer distribution, data entry, project management and helping maintain the efficient day-to-day operations of an active community facing Congressional district office. Interns must be willing to commit to a minimum of 20 hours per week and available occasionally on some evenings and weekends. Each intern will receive a stipend.
 Page 6 of 9

If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Norton.Interns@mail.house.gov
For more information on Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, please visit her website at https://norton.house.gov
   MEM-409-19
Congressman Andy Levin (D-MI) is seeking a Digital Media Intern for a temporary paid position in his Washington, D.C. office. The intern will assist with the greater communications operation, but will focus on digital media content creation. Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to social media content generation, website maintenance, analytics, photography, videography, media monitoring and staffing the member.
Candidates will have a keen eye for design, a desire to grow and learn in the political communications space, knowledge of graphic design and video editing, a positive attitude and a sense of humor.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, a writing sample, graphic design sample and a link to a video using the subject line “Digital Media Intern” to MI09.Resumes@gmail.com
  MEM-408-19
The Republican staff of the House Committee on Education and Labor is currently accepting applications for Fall 2019 interns. We are seeking dependable, politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude and strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by assisting staff in assignments that include but not limited to: compiling daily Education and Labor news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based projects. Full and part-time positions are available.
College students pursuing a Political Science degree, or those interested in government are strongly encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume to
ELRIntern.Applications@mail.house.gov
     actively seeking full-time and part-time fall interns to serve in our Washington, DC office. Interns will work closely with our Committee staff and gain experience working on legislative research, press work, and Committee processes.
Current college students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply. Students interested in applying should send their resume to Shawn Bloch at shawn.bloch@mail.house.gov
 MEM-405-19
The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Republican Staff are
Page 7 of 9

 MEM-404-19
The House Small Business Committee Minority Staff is currently looking for
   full-time interns for the Fall 2019 semester (September-December). Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research, and other tasks.
This internship is open to undergraduates (juniors and above) and recent graduates. The office is an equal opportunity employer and minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered, please submit a one-page resume and cover letter to housesmallbusinessinternshipr@gmail.com and include “Fall 2019 Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
 MEM-403-19
A senior member serving on the House Financial Services Committee is seeking
   a fall semester, financial services intern to assist the Senior Advisor covering the financial services portfolio. The person in this role will work on substantive financial services issues ranging from banking, housing, capital markets, fintech, insurance, monetary policy, etc.
This will not be a typical internship answering phones or giving tours. You will be attending hearings, monitoring legislation, assisting with industry and constituent correspondence, auditing briefings, etc. You will gain an in-depth understanding of working on the Hill and within the Committee. You should leave this internship with a better understanding of both the financial services industry as well as current policy that is impacting our the industry.
Ideal candidates must be hard working, have an interest in financial services, and a willingness to learn. Candidates do not have to have a background in financial services in order to be considered.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to: •Attend Committee hearings and briefings.
•Conduct legislative and policy research.
•Track and monitor legislation.
•Formulate hearing questions from witness testimony.
•Assist with preparation of hearing, markup, and Floor briefing books.
•Observe House proceedings.
•Acquire an understanding of Committee mechanics.
•Prepare memoranda on meetings, hearings, and briefings attended or researched. •Collect signatures from Member offices for letters, dissenting views, etc. •Attend Congressional Research Training seminars.
Please contact Ashely.gunn@mail.house.gov if interested”
 Page 8 of 9

    Fall 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
To apply, email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and cover letter listing your availability to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov
MEM-396-19
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
 MEM-391-19
Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, Civilian Security, and Trade is seeking a full- or part-time intern based in Washington, D.C. This intern will work closely with subcommittee staff while learning the inner workings of Congress and the legislative process.
Successful candidates will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detail- oriented, with strong writing and communication skills and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced work environment. Undergraduate or graduate school students and recent alumni interested in foreign affairs and Western Hemisphere policy are encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, providing administrative and research support to staff, and assisting with subcommittee hearings and events, among other office and research tasks. Spanish proficiency preferred but not required.
Qualified candidates should send resume and cover letter to WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Fall Intern.” No calls or drop-ins.
      Page 9 of 9
