 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-262-18
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 6, 2018
The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking full- time interns for Fall of 2018 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates will be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast- paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to wi06resumes@gmail.com.
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time unpaid interns for Fall 2018 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with attending briefings, answering phones, coordinate and conduct tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Florida and District ties are
 MEM-261-18
  Page 1 of 26

encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins. To apply, email a resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and a cover letter including your availability as a single PDF to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-260-18
MEM-259-18
 The office of Congresswoman Martha McSally is seeking full time, paid interns for the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, conducting Capitol tours, corresponding with constituents, researching legislative issues, attending committee hearings, and assisting the Member and staff with data management.
Ideal candidates are self-starters with strong interpersonal skills, writing capabilities, and attention to detail. Arizona ties are a plus. Interested candidates should email their resume to chris.beckmann@mail.house.gov.
  The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks qualified undergraduate and recent graduate student legislative interns for the Fall 2018 program (August/September through December).
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Ideal candidates are organized and committed students (and/or recent graduates) eager to join a fast-paced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part- time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply. Although internships are unpaid, applicants may request the Committee’s assistance in receiving credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample (no longer than two pages) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In the subject line, please indicate the program session for which you are applying (e.g. [Fall 2018] Legislative Intern Application):
*In your cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes.*
 Page 2 of 26

MEM-258-18
The office of Congressman Dave Reichert (WA-08) is currently seeking candidates for full and part-time internships in his Washington, D.C. office for the fall session, with positions available starting mid-August. These are unpaid internships; however, opportunities for school credit are available if needed. The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of major.
Interns will observe firsthand the inner workings of a Congressional office, while gaining relevant and valuable knowledge of the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, conducting legislative research, compiling press clips, assisting with front office operations, helping with constituent relations, and receiving training in order to conduct U.S. Capitol tours. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend legislative briefings and congressional hearings on Capitol Hill.
Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic and be detailed-oriented and well organized. He/she will also possess strong communication and writing skills, as well as an enthusiasm for the political process and fast-paced congressional operations. Successful candidates will be personable, adaptable, good-humored, and service-oriented. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.
Congressman Reichert is a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to wa08internship@gmail.com.
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid congressional internship for Fall 2018. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample, combined in one pdf, to md06.internships@mail.house.gov by August 10, 2018 with “Fall Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
The Office of Congressman Chris Smith (NJ-04) is seeking applicants for an unpaid internship in the Washington, DC office for Fall 2018. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, attending hearings and briefings on behalf of staff, sorting and distributing mail, drafting correspondence, and assisting with research tasks. Candidates should possess strong writing and communications skills as well as attention to detail. All majors are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume, writing sample, and a list of references to NJ04.scheduling@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship 2018” in the subject line.
Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA-02), is currently hiring fall interns for his Washington, D.C. office to start immediately. Responsibilities include but are not
 MEM-257-18
MEM-256-18
  MEM-255-18
Page 3 of 26

limited to: maintaining the front office, greeting visitors, processing constituent correspondence, writing letters, attending hearings and briefings, and answering the main office phone line. Interns will have the opportunity to learn about the legislative process and the federal government by working closely with the legislative, communications and constituent services staff members. Candidates should be current or recent college students, regardless of major but with an interest in Congress and the legislative process. Full time availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are encouraged to apply as well.
To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. Please include any Iowa connections in the body of the email. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office, intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid but the office will provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.
MEM-253-18
 MEM-254-18
 Democratic Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks current college
 students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for fall 2018
 internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern duties include answering
 phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail and faxes,
 leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and other
 responsibilities as needed. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral and
 written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to work on
 a variety of tasks. Preference given to interns with full-time availability, but those
 seeking part-time internships will be considered. Pennsylvania ties a plus but not
 required. Internship positions are unpaid. To apply, please email cover letter,
 resume, and a brief writing sample (no more than two pages) to Zach Rosen at
 . Please include availability in your cover letter.
 MEM-252-18
colleen.carlos@mail.house.gov
 The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Sander Levin (MI-09) is now
 accepting applications for full/part-time Fall interns. Start/stop dates are flexible.
 Basic intern responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering phones,
 legislative research and correspondence, assisting staff on various projects,
 conducting tours of the Capitol Building, and other office tasks. Interns will also
 have the opportunity to attend hearings and briefings of interest. Candidates must
 be motivated, flexible, confident, and able to work well independently in a fast-
 paced environment. Michigan ties are preferred but not required. Applicants must
 be currently enrolled in college. Internships are unpaid, but college credit is
 Page 4 of 26

MEM-251-18
you/internships/internship-online-application.
If you have any questions
    concerning the internship, please do not hesitate to email
 David.Beer@mail.house.gov or call (202) 225-4961.
  Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking
 motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions immediately. Intern
 responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
 Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
 research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates
 should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
 attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
 eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs.
 Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing
 to work both independently as well as part of a team environment.
 Louisiana/Southern ties are a plus but not required. If you are a student we are
 happy to work with your college or university to arrange for academic credit.
 Please send a résumé and cover letter in PDF form to
 LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject line.
  MEM-249-18
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full- time or part-time internship for the Fall of 2018. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Nevada ties are strongly encouraged but not required. Please send resume and cover letter to Colleen.Hearin@mail.house.gov or apply online at https://titus.house.gov/.
The Committee on House Administration, Democratic staff is currently seeking a full-time intern for the 2018 Fall semester. This extended internship will begin immediately, lasting through December of 2018. Interns will have various responsibilities in assisting staff with administrative duties, franking, and legislative research. Interns will also assist in planning/executing New Member Orientation for newly elected members of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 2018 election cycle.
Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting franking requests, compiling hearing materials, assisting with front office duties, assisting in New Member Orientation duties, and assisting the committee’s Elections Counsel.
Candidates must exhibit strong writing, communication, research, and organizational skills. Graphic design experience preferred, but not required. Please send a resume, brief writing sample and 2 graphic designs (if applicable)
  MEM-248-18
available. Qualified candidates should apply at https://levin.house.gov/serving-
  Page 5 of 26

in PDF format to Sydney.burns@mail.house.gov with “Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
Congressman Randy Hultgren (IL-14) is currently seeking full or part-time interns to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2018 term. The 14th District is made up of parts of 7 Illinois counties; DuPage, DeKalb, Kane, Kendall, Lake, McHenry and Will. Intern responsibilities include guiding Capitol tours, opening and sorting mail, answering calls and emails from constituents, managing the database and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent communication skills. If interested please send your resume and cover letter to IL14interns@gmail.com. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties preferred but not required.
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking unpaid interns for Fall 2018 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with attending briefings, answering phones, coordinate and conduct tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins. To apply, please email a resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and a cover letter including Full time or Part Time availability as a single PDF to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-244-18
 MEM-247-18
 MEM-245-18
 The office of Congresswoman Claudia Tenney is currently seeking highly motivated full or part-time interns to start in August for the Fall 2018 semester. Intern duties include performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing mail, answering telephones, attending hearings and briefings, entering data into Intranet Quorum, conducting tours of the Capitol, processing flag requests, and any other office tasks. Ideal candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written communication skills. College credit is available if necessary. Preference will be given to New York natives; however, all are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Kathy.Vences@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject line.
  MEM-243-18
The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking full- time interns for Fall of 2018 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates will be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-
Page 6 of 26

 MEM-242-18
paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to wi06resumes@gmail.com.
The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full or part-time Communications Intern in our Washington, D.C. office. Interns in our office perform various duties, while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific tasks include drafting constituent correspondence, event planning, assisting communications team with social media outreach, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! All internships are unpaid. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2018 Pocan Communications Internship” in the subject line.
The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a congressional intern to assist with a fast-paced legislative operation for Fall 2018. Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team environment, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American Government. Wisconsin ties a plus.
Intern responsibilities include:
• Conducting legislative research
• Assisting with official correspondence
• Opening and sorting mail, and other administrative tasks
• Guiding tours of the U.S. Capitol
• Attending Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events
• Answering phones
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00 pm). This is an unpaid position. To apply, send resume, cover letter (including availability), and two writing samples to Robert.Montgomery@mail.house.gov.
The Republican staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives seeks candidates for law student, graduate student, and undergraduate student internships for fall 2018. Interns will have the opportunity to participate in substantive work on investigations and legislation, attend hearings and briefings, and participate in an intern education program.
  MEM-241-18
 MEM-240-18
Page 7 of 26

Undergraduate interns will also rotate through assisting in the front office on a recurring basis.
Fall internships are available immediately and typically run through the middle of December, although specific dates will be determined a case-by-case basis. Interns must be available at least three days a week, and preference will be afforded to those available full time.
The strongest candidates will exhibit an excellent work ethic, discretion in working on confidential matters, and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the Committee’s work.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter detailing their interest in the position to James.Mautz@mail.house.gov Graduate students and law students are encouraged to include an unedited writing sample.
MEM-239-18
 The Office of Congressman Tom Suozzi (NY-03) is currently seeking full or
 part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall of 2018. Applicants
 should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Interns will get to
 work in a fast-paced environment and learn how a Congressional office operates.
 Responsibilities include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting
 legislative research, attending briefings/hearings, leading Capitol tours, assisting
 with constituent relations, and managing the front office. The internship gives
 students the opportunity to interact directly with the inner workings of Capitol
 Hill and the legislative process. Internships are unpaid, and New York ties are
 preferred but not required. Please send your resume and cover letter
 to michael.christesen@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the
  subject line.
 MEM-237-18
The Office of Representative Jason Lewis (MN-02) is accepting applications for unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Fall 2018 in his district office in Burnsville, MN. In the district office, interns may be asked to do a variety of things including day-to-day office work such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with constituent intake. In addition, interns may be assigned to assist with constituent casework or work on district-based projects of importance. Ideally, candidates should be motivated, meticulous, and have an eagerness to learn. Internships can be part-time with flexible hours to accommodate student course schedules.
Although this internship is unpaid, academic credit may also be available based on the candidate’s academic institution. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to angela.sedlacek@mail.house.gov.
West Coast Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in their Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent
 MEM-234-18
Page 8 of 26

 MEM-233-18
constituent service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general office administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and work well in a team environment. Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to westcoastgopinternship@gmail.com.
Member of Democratic leadership is currently seeking candidates for a full and/or part-time social media fellow in his Washington, D.C. office, with positions available starting in late July/early August.
The social media fellow will work closely with a fast-moving press shop for a prominent Member of Congress and will be expected to contribute significantly. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: designing content for a variety of platforms (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc.), creating videos and highlight reels to highlight the Member’s legislative accomplishments, and working to engage different audiences in the Congressman’s work through different and innovative new-media approaches.
The social media fellow MUST be able to execute quickly in order to capitalize on legislative success or trending moments. He/she will work closely with press staff, but will be expected to complete assignments with a minimum of supervision required. Furthermore, the successful candidate will be proactive in proposing new content and news means to reach different audiences.
Women and minority candidates are particularly encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Please, no calls or walk-ins.
This is an unpaid position; however, opportunities for school credit are available if needed and social media fellows will also gain valuable exposure to the operations of a well-known House office. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two digital/video samples to newyork08resumes@gmail.com with “Social Media Fellow” in the subject line.
Member of Democratic leadership is currently seeking candidates for full and part-time press internships in his Washington, D.C. office, with positions available starting late July/early August.
Interns will work closely with a fast-moving press shop for a prominent Member of Congress and will be expected to contribute significantly. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: compiling daily press clips, preparing background research on media requests and other projects as required.
This is NOT a typical Congressional internship. Interns will work closely with press staff to create high-level content. Ideal candidates will be aggressive in their
 MEM-232-18
Page 9 of 26

 MEM-231-18
pursuit of assigned tasks, have a strong work ethic, and will submit meticulously- prepared material. New York State ties are preferred, but not required.
Women and minority candidates are particularly encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Please, no calls or walk-ins.
These are unpaid positions; however, opportunities for school credit are available if needed and interns will also gain valuable exposure to the operations of a well- known House office. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to newyork08resumes@gmail.com with “Press Internship” in the subject line.
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Natural Resources is accepting applications for unpaid, Full-Time Legislative Interns for the Fall 2018 term. While working with the Committee, interns are provided the unique opportunity to learn and experience the Congressional legislative process. Applicants must be able to follow direction, work independently, possess clear and concise writing skills, excellent research capabilities, and exceptional interpersonal skills.
Duties and responsibilities include:
• Research legislative policy issues
• Attend committee hearings, markups, briefings, and meetings
• Conduct background studies
• Perform stakeholder outreach
• Answer phone calls
• Sort and distribute mail
• Compile data and statistics
• Draft correspondence
• Assemble committee documents
• Track House floor proceedings
Committee internships run concurrently with college semesters and/or quarters; from September - December for fall/winter internships. Our office hours are from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. Internships are unpaid but may be used for college credit. Interns are responsible for lodging and transportation.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample addressed to Omar Toro. Title your email with the subject line "Legislative Internship Application" and send to nrdems@mail.house.gov.
The office of Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney (D-NY-18) is looking for a digital/press intern who can assist in executing an aggressive communications strategy. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills and strong research, writing, and communication skills. Ideal candidates are college students, recent graduates, or graduate students with experience using the Adobe
 MEM-230-18
 Page 10 of 26

    MEM-229-18
Suite – especially Adobe Premiere. Graphic design and photography experience are a plus.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply. Primary Duties:
· Assisting with graphic design, video production, video editing
· Drafting social media content (i.e. facebook, twitter, instagram)
· Taking photos of and recording events
· Managing press lists, including creating issue-specific press lists
· Compiling press clips, assisting with other Comms Shop projects
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to nyinterns18@gmail.com with the subject line “PRESS INTERNSHIP APPLICATION” by August 19th. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
The office of Rep. Greg Gianforte (R-MT) is looking for interns for Fall 2018.
 In the Washington, DC office, internships run throughout the fall, spring or summer semesters for college students. Although all internships in all offices are unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
U.S. Representative for the State of Montana. Greg Gianforte has a track record as a businessman and entrepreneur, having launched and operated five successful companies. Greg and his wife, Susan, founded their latest company, RightNow Technologies, a cloud-based software provider, in their Montana home over 20 years ago. The company grew into Bozeman’s largest commercial employer, creating over 500 high-paying jobs. Greg continues to mentor aspiring entrepreneurs across the state. As an electrical engineer, Greg has been solving hard problems for decades. Greg’s top priorities are making sure the voices of Montana are heard in Washington and protecting the Montana way of life from federal overreach. Greg is focused on bringing accountability to Washington, which has forgotten that the power rests with the people, not special interests. He supports enacting term limits, banning members of Congress from becoming lobbyists, and requiring members of Congress to balance the budget or not get paid. Greg and Susan have been married for 29 years and raised their four children in Bozeman, Montana. A strong supporter of Montana’s public lands,
Page 11 of 26

Greg is an avid outdoorsman and sportsman. He enjoys hiking, hunting, fishing, and backpacking. Greg could not have asked for a better place to raise his family and build his business than Montana. Sworn into Congress in 2017, Greg is honored and humbled to represent the people of Montana, and serves on the House Committee on Natural Resources as well as the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
Interested candidates should apply at https://gianforte.house.gov/services/internships to be considered.
  MEM-227-18
Congressman Sean P. Duffy is looking for fall interns! We are looking for energetic and driven individuals who are eager to learn. Congressman Duffy represents Wisconsin’s 7th Congressional District and serves on the House Financial Services Committee as the Chairman of the House Financial Services Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance. The internship program is a very hands-on program where our goal is to make you feel like you are a part of the team. If you are a student or recent graduate and think you would benefit from this opportunity, please email your resume and cover letter to Scheduler.Northwoods@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to apply.
DUTIES:
• Provide constituents with tours of the U.S. Capitol
• Responsible for being responsive to constituent inquiries
• Answer telephone calls and respond appropriately
• Attend briefings, workshops, and/or house learning center classes
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Legislative Research
• Writing constituent correspondence
• Administrative Duties
• Tours of the U.S. Capitol
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Excellent verbal and written communication skills
• Track record of responsibility
• Exemplifies great customer service
California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the Fall 2018 internship session to begin in August 2018. Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips, assist with front office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications
 MEM-226-18
Page 12 of 26

and writing skills are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not required. Please submit a cover letter, brief writing sample, resume and availability to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Fall 2018. The internship is scheduled to run during August through December, depending on the availability of the applicant.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and
hearings. Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their internship through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability to
internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with "2018 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
MEM-224-18
 MEM-225-18
 The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton is currently accepting applications for Fall 2018 interns. We are seeking undergraduate and graduate students interested in gaining congressional work experience in her Capitol Hill Office, or in her Main District Office.
Responsibilities of congressional interns include but are not limited to answering telephones, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol tours to constituents, tracking legislation, attending community events, assisting with constituent casework, coordinating press-related activities, attending hearings, and preparing constituent correspondence. These tasks give students valuable, direct interaction with the inner workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process.
If you would like to be considered for an internship in Norton's office please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and at least one letter of recommendation to Marquis.Woods@mail.house.gov , with "Norton Internship" in the subject line of the email.
Please note that internships require a minimum three-month commitment, are unpaid, and require applicants to be enrolled in a post-secondary institution.
  MEM-223-18
Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time interns for his Washington, DC office. Candidates should be enthusiastic, flexible, and detail- oriented with immediate availability, and a preference for those who can stay 2-3 months. New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not required.
Page 13 of 26

 MEM-222-18
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, guiding tours of the Capitol, sorting mail, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email your desired availability and earliest possible start date to NM03@mail.house.gov, with your application materials (resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample) attached as a single PDF and with “Internship Application: [Your Name]” in the subject field.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Steve Russell (OK-5) is seeking candidates for full or part-time internships for Fall 2018. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings, and working on special projects. Oklahoma ties are preferred, but not required. Please send your resume and cover letter to mitchell.wilkinson@mail.house.gov, with "Internship Application" in the subject line.
California Congressman Jared Huffman is seeking current college students or recent college graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for a full-time or part-time Fall semester internship. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-to- day duties. Such duties include attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, drafting constituent correspondence letters, doing legislative research, and various other tasks. The internship is unpaid, though interns will gain valuable Hill and office experience and will have access to many unique Hill opportunities. California ties are preferred, but not necessary.
Please send a resume and cover letter to DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov. Please no drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.
The office of Congressman Mark DeSaulnier (CA-11) is currently seeking interns for his Washington, D.C. office for fall 2018. Duties will include answering phones, sorting mail, conducting staff-led tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending briefings, and other assistance to office staff. The ideal candidates are energetic, resourceful, and able to effectively multitask in a fast- paced environment. This internship is unpaid, and applicants should be available ideally from August through December. Preference will be given to candidates with district ties. Interested candidates should submit their application at https://desaulnier.house.gov/services/internships.
The House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific seeks candidates for a Fall 2018 internship position. Undergraduates, graduate
 MEM-221-18
 MEM-220-18
 MEM-218-18
Page 14 of 26

  MEM-217-18
students, and recent graduates with a demonstrated interest in U.S. policy towards the Asia-Pacific will be considered. The Subcommittee offers full and part time internships.
The Subcommittee intern is expected to be motivated and entrepreneurial, a strong writer and communicator, detail oriented, and able to produce high quality work products under time constraints. The intern will assist with daily subcommittee operations such as research, database maintenance, fact checking, content editing, and proofreading. The intern will also assist with the preparation and execution of subcommittee hearings, which will include conducting research and analysis, organizing documents for staff and members, and assisting staff in the hearing room.
Proactive interns will be able to take advantage of this opportunity to enhance their knowledge of Asia policy and professional life on Capitol Hill by participation in hearings, briefings, and meetings, as well as other opportunities. Interns are expected to demonstrate a high level of professionalism and reliability. All internships are uncompensated, but staff are happy to support interns seeking class credit for their work.
Information about the subcommittee’s membership and recent activities can be found at http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/subcommittees/asia-and-pacific.
Interested candidates should send a resume and a cover letter explaining their interest in the subcommittee’s work, qualifications for the position, and hours of availability to hfac.asia.internship@gmail.com. Application materials must be received by 11:59pm, Sunday, August 12, 2018, and will be considered on a rolling basis.
The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Fall 2018. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our internship program begins in August until the end of December. First priority will be given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter, a short writing sample (1-2 pages) and work availability with the subject line “D.C Fall 2018 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus but are not required.
The office of Congressman Dave Reichert (WA-08) is currently seeking candidates for full and part-time internships in his Washington, D.C. office for the fall session, with positions available starting mid-August. These are unpaid
 MEM-216-18
Page 15 of 26

 MEM-215-18
internships; however, opportunities for school credit are available if needed. The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of major.
Interns will observe firsthand the inner workings of a Congressional office, while gaining relevant and valuable knowledge of the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, conducting legislative research, compiling press clips, assisting with front office operations, helping with constituent relations, and receiving training in order to conduct U.S. Capitol tours. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend legislative briefings and congressional hearings on Capitol Hill.
Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic and be detailed-oriented and well organized. He/she will also possess strong communication and writing skills, as well as an enthusiasm for the political process and fast-paced congressional operations. Successful candidates will be personable, adaptable, good-humored, and service-oriented. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.
Congressman Reichert is a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to wa08internship@gmail.com.
The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is seeking both full and part time legislative interns for fall 2018. Start date in mid- August/Early September and applicants must be a college sophomore or higher.
Typical tasks include answering phones, drafting letters, attending briefings and writing memos, guiding Capitol Tours, batching constituent mail, and assisting staff with various special projects. Successful interns must be professional, self- motivated, eager to learn, work well under pressure, and detail-orientated. An interest in politics and a positive attitude is a must. New York ties are preferred but not required.
This internship is unpaid but provides invaluable professional experience, daily interaction with Capitol Hill staff and officials, and the opportunity to be at the center of American politics. Optional academic credit is also available.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter and resume to nyinterns18@gmail.com with the subject line “FALL INTERNSHIP APPLICATION” by August 17th.
The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for an internship in Washington, DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Page 16 of 26
 MEM-214-18

Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning August 27th, 2018. To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to work in your cover letter.
Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01), a Senior Member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, seeks undergraduate or graduate students for full-time or part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, D.C. office. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have strong communication skill and an interest in the legislative process. Colorado ties are preferred but not required. Interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to DeGette.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-212-18
 MEM-213-18
 The Office of Congressman Paul Cook (CA-District 8), is seeking an Intern to begin August 2018. This opportunity will provide college level students, or recent graduates, hands-on work with legislation regarding foreign policy, international relations, military affairs, and defense policy in a Republican office. Interns will learn about the intricacies of the legislative process and how the House of Representatives operates.
Responsibilities:
 • Explore policy ideas and perform research projects
• Attend Congressional Hearings
• Assist staff with legislative research
• Answer telephones
• Lead constituent tours
• Other tasks as needed
 Qualifications:
 • Exceptional oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work in a group or with constituents and remain professional
and courteous at all times.
• Excellent organizational skills
• Responsible and dependable
• Eager to learn attitude
 Page 17 of 26

MEM-211-18
U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY – Democratic Staff POSITION DESCRIPTION
JOB TITLE: Fall 2018 Intern
SUMMARY:
Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with policy and administrative support. The individual is required to demonstrate exceptional research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Performs legislative and policy research.
• Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups
by: o Researching background on witnesses and hearing topics. o Finalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff. o Delivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
• Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee. • Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
o AnsweringPhones
o General office tidiness and maintenance
• Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and
policy negotiations, discussions and other activities.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least a Sophomore in college. Coursework and experience in Political Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related field is preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written communication skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines. Must be familiar with Microsoft Office.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to Amanda.Mims@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Washington, D.C. team for a full-time, unpaid internship during the fall, for a duration of three months or longer. Ideals candidates will be able to start early or mid-August.
     MEM-210-18
If you would like to apply for our internship program please contact our Intern Coordinator, Bert Johnson, at Bert.Johnson@mail.house.gov with your Resume, Cover Letter, and availability range.
   Page 18 of 26

 MEM-311-18
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hard- working intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a one- page writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to MA07.intern4@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) is seeking applications
for internship positions available in his Washington, D.C. office. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. This internship provides a great opportunity to gain experience working in a Congressional office and get a first-hand look at the legislative process.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, supporting legislative and communications activities, helping with front office operations, assisting with constituent relations, and giving tours of the Capitol. Candidates should be self- starters with excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask effectively and think critically, attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative and governmental process.
This internship presents an excellent opportunity for college students and recent graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter to CA34.internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line.
Congressman Bill Posey (FL-08) is currently seeking highly motivated and organized applicants for a part-time or full-time unpaid internship starting in Mid-August. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, attention to detail, and a positive attitude. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, constituent correspondence, legislative research, and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume to FL.Conservative@mail.house.gov.
The Office of the Representative Linda Sánchez is currently accepting applications for a full-time internship. Ideal candidates will possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast- paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol
 MEM-310-18
MEM-309-18
 Page 19 of 26

 MEM-308-18
tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and dates of availability to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA38 Internship” in the subject line.
Congressman Fred Upton is currently seeking interns for the Fall 2018 semester. Fred represents Michigan’s 6th Congressional district in Southwest Michigan and is a moderate Republican currently serving as Chair of the Subcommittee on Energy. This position would be paid and the office is willing to work with flexible hours. Typical duties for interns include taking constituent concerns, giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, and assisting legislative and press staffers with researching different policy issues. We hope you will consider applying. Please send a resume and any questions to Ingrid at Ingrid.johnson@mail.house.gov, or call our DC office at (202) 225-3761.
The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04) seeks highly motivated full or part-time interns for Fall 2018, available to start in September. Internship will last into December. Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will: answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative research. Internships are unpaid, but arrangements may be made to earn academic credit. Interns will also participate in professional development activities within the office.
Please send a resume, cover letter, three professional references and a brief writing sample to OR04.InternCoordinator@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall 2018 Internship”. Applicants with part time schedules should include what days/times they are available during the week. Candidates with Oregon ties are strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time legislative interns in our Washington, D.C. office. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
 MEM-307-18
   MEM-305-18
Page 20 of 26

  MEM-304-18
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! All internships are unpaid. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please submit a form on our website at: https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2018 Pocan Fall Internship” in the subject line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis no later than August 10th.
The Office of Congressman David Price is currently accepting applications for our Fall internship program running from August 2018 through the middle of December. This position requires greeting guests and constituents, answering phone calls, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent correspondence letters, writing legislative memos, and assisting in general day to day activities. While unpaid, this position ensures a wonderful work environment and will strengthen your understanding of Congress and Washington.
The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of
major. Qualified candidates will be hard working, possess strong written and oral skills, and have the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested candidates should submit their application here: https://price.house.gov/kids- students/internships. Should you have any questions, please reach out to our office via email at nc04.intern@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a press intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation for Fall 2018. Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing, event planning, social media, graphic design, and photography skills, and be able to work on tight deadlines. Selected candidate will also be expected to perform standard administrative duties.
Intern responsibilities include:
• Social media content development
• Event photography
• Compiling press clips
• Clipping videos
• Creating graphics
• Drafting press releases
• Answering phones
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, a 1-3 page writing sample and dates of availability to GwenMoorePress.Moore@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship” in the subject field.
   MEM-302-18
 Page 21 of 26

MEM-301-18
The Office of Representative Ro Khanna (CA-17) is seeking qualified candidates to intern full-time in the Washington, D.C. office from mid-August through mid- December of 2018. Although all internships in all offices are unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. The hours can be flexible to accommodate students' evening schedules but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Interns are expected to be in the office at least 35 hours per week.
In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply to intern in the DC office, please send your resume, a short writing sample, and your availability to ca17dcinterns.resumes@mail.house.gov. Due to the high volume of applicants, a response is not guaranteed.
Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the fall semester of 2018. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and
resume. Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted for consideration.
The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks qualified undergraduate and recent graduate student legislative interns for the Fall 2018 program (August/September through December).
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
 MEM-300-18
 MEM-208-18
  Page 22 of 26

 MEM-207-18
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Ideal candidates are organized and committed students (and/or recent graduates) eager to join a fast-paced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part- time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply. Although internships are unpaid, applicants may request the Committee’s assistance in receiving credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample (no longer than two pages) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In the subject line, please indicate the program session for which you are applying (e.g. [Fall 2018] Legislative Intern Application):
*In your cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes.*
The Office of Congressman Al Lawson (FL-05), is seeking full – or part – time interns for the Fall semester in the Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: assisting in legislative research, answering phone calls, attending briefings, greeting front office visitors, and leading tours of the Capitol. Ideal candidates will have a strong attention to detail, an enthusiasm for the political and congressional processes, strong writing skills, and the ability to thrive in an energetic office environment.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, short writing sample (1-2 pages), and work availability to malikha.daniels@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Steve Pearce (NM-02) is accepting applications for full or part-time interns in the Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking responsible individuals who possess excellent written and verbal communication skills and a strong work ethic. Interns assist with research, mail processing, data entry, reception duties, tours, and other office tasks. Internships are unpaid, but we are happy to work with students to receive college credit.
 MEM-206-18
Page 23 of 26

 MEM-205-18
Interested applicants should send their resume, cover letter, and availability to NM02.Internship@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Erik Paulsen’s office is currently accepting applications for unpaid internships in the District office in Eden Prairie, MN and in Washington, D.C.
A Congressional internship offers applicants an exciting opportunity to support staff while learning about the daily operations of the Legislative branch. Interns will assist the staff with constituent services, communications, administrative tasks, and legislative research. Congressman Paulsen’s Internship Program is designed primarily for the educational benefit of the participant. Interns working in the District Office have the opportunity to contribute to the office’s interaction with the surrounding community through constituent services, local events, and community meetings. Interns in the Washington, D.C. Office will gain insight into the federal government and the legislative process by working closely with staff and attending hearings and briefings. Candidates should have a strong work ethic, be highly organized and motivated, and possess a positive attitude.
This internship is unpaid. College credit, if applicable, will be provided. MN ties preferred but not required. Qualified applicants should send their cover letter and resume to Joe Dillon at Joe.Dillon@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Debbie Lesko (AZ-08) is currently seeking interns for the Fall Term for his Washington D.C. office. Candidates must be self-starters, detail oriented, have excellent writing and communication skills, and be able to multi- task. The internship involves researching legislative issues, assisting with incoming mail, attending lectures and hearings, giving Capitol tours, working with legislative staff on special projects and assisting with other general office duties. Please note that this is an unpaid internship, if you are seeking college credit our office would be happy to assist in that. Arizona ties a plus. Please email your cover letter and resume to john.zwaanstra1@mail.house.gov with “Fall Intern” in the subject line.
The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (NJ-01) is seeking qualified interns for our D.C. office for Fall 2018. Intern duties vary on a daily basis, but are all critical to the function of our office. Daily tasks include, but are not limited to, answering phones, responding to constituent requests, compiling research on targeted issues and assisting with staff-led projects. In addition, interns lead Capitol tours, run errands and complete various administrative tasks as needed. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend special events, such as committee hearings, briefings and seminars. Internships run throughout the fall, spring or summer semesters for college students. Although this internship is unpaid,
 MEM-203-18
 MEM-202-18
Page 24 of 26

 MEM-201-18
students gain invaluable work experience. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Prospective applications should be highly motivated self-starters, eager to learn about Capitol Hill and the mechanisms of the United States Congress. We are looking for individuals with an excellent work ethic, ability to multitask and most importantly, a willingness to learn. They must demonstrate an ability to produce polished work, to maintain professionalism in a work environment an interest in the legislative process, strong communication skills, and experience using Microsoft Office
Please submit a resume, cover letter and writing sample via email to: beth.stanley@mail.house.gov with “DC Internship” in the subject line.
The Office of Congressman Kurt Schrader (D-OR) Fall Internship
The responsibilities of a congressional intern primarily focus on helping the Congressman communicate with his 700,000-plus constituents by phone, letter, and email; leading visiting constituents on tours of the historic US Capitol building; as well as taking on any other assignments given by staffers based on the interests/abilities of the individual intern. The position requires patience, intellect, and exceptional people skills.
The Congressional internship is unpaid and does not receive monetary compensation. The compensation offered is optional academic credit.
Congressman Kurt Schrader is a Democratic Representative elected to the US House of Representatives in 2008. The Congressman is a veterinarian and farmer who lives owns a farm in Canby, Oregon. Congressman Schrader currently serves as a member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce (E&C), which oversees a wide portfolio of issues ranging from health care to the environment. In addition to his Washington, DC office staff, who deal principally with legislative issues, the Congressman has two additional offices and staffs in Salem and Oregon City, Oregon, who handle the fifth district’s casework.
Candidates should possess excellent communication skills both verbal and written, an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress, and have a familiarity with the fifth congressional district of Oregon.
Start date: September 1 (Flexible) End Date: December 18 (Flexible)
If you are interested, please email a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to adrian.ballinger@mail.house.gov.
 Page 25 of 26

MEM-175-18
Congressman Mike Bishop (MI-8th District) is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives and serves on the Ways and Means Committee. Congressman Bishop represents Ingham County, Livingston County, and North Oakland County of Michigan. The Fall Internship Program will be based out of his Washington D.C. Office. Chosen applicants will have the opportunity to develop expertise in a congressional office and constituent relations. Applicants must possess excellent writing skills, a proactive work ethic, and the ability to learn quickly. Internships are unpaid, but our office is happy to support programs offering academic credit.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1 to 2 pages any topic), and availability to Erin Beebe via email at Erin.Beebe@mail.house.gov.
 Office Duties:
• Drafting constituent commendations and correspondence
• Assisting in research relating to legislation
• Conduct and lead tours of the Capitol building for our constituents • Directing constituent phone calls
Requirements:
• Ability to communicate professionally and diplomatically at all times
• Experience in a professional work environment
• Knowledge of current events
• Commitment to staying informed on federal legislation and current events
Office Information:
• Office hours are from 9:00am to 5:00pm Monday through Friday
• Our D.C. office address is 428 Cannon House Office Building Washington,
DC 20515
• Business professional dress is required
Page 26 of 26
