 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-207-16
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 11, 2016
Congressman Gerald Connolly seeks applicants for an internship in his Washington D.C. Office for Fall 2016 (late August to January). Main responsibilities include (but are not limited to) answering the phones, sorting mail, drafting constituent correspondence, arranging tours, conducting legislative research for staff, attending Congressional hearings with staff, and performing other administrative tasks as needed.
Applicants should be reliable and detail-oriented, and possess a professional and courteous demeanor, strong verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Ties to the 11th District of Virginia are preferred, but not required.
To apply for this internship please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to va11.internship@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Tony Cárdenas is seeking a Press Intern to join his Washington, D.C. team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting as soon as possible, for a duration of three months or longer. The Press Intern will learn many of the basic skills it takes to become a communications professional in a dynamic and
 MEM-206-16
Page 1 of 11

 MEM-205-16
exciting environment. They will become involved in all core activities of the communications team and day-to-day tasks to help integrate them into the office.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close attention to detail and a good sense of humor are essential. Photo or video editing skills a plus.
Main responsibilities will include:
• Social media monitoring
• News monitoring
• Drafting various press materials
• Writing newsletter excerpts
• Researching targeted press lists
• Staffing the Congressman at events and media interviews
Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Internships are awarded on an equal opportunity basis; women, minorities, and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail resume and cover letter with your availability in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov. The subject line should read as follows “Press Intern Application.”
Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast- paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to michelle.serrato@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Rep. Scott Rigell (VA-02) is seeking politically Conservative unpaid Fall 2016 interns in their Washington, DC, office to begin in August/September and continue through December. The Office seeks an outgoing, enthusiastic person with at least 3 days/week availability who would like experience working in a Congressional Office. Virginia ties are a plus but not
 MEM-204-16
Page 2 of 11

 MEM-202-16
required. Interested persons should submit resume to Julie.Moorhead@mail.house.gov.
Moderate Southern Democrat seeks applicants for part-time and full-time unpaid congressional internships in Washington, DC. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting constituents and visitors to the office, assisting with day-to-day operations at the office, answering phones, leading tours of the US Capitol, maintaining constituency database, running errands and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates should possess superior written and verbal communication skills and an interest in learning the intricacies of the legislative process. Part-time interns will be expected to commit to at least two full day shifts (9:00am to 6:00pm) per week, Monday through Friday. Ties to Florida are preferred, though not required. Interested parties should submit a resume as well as two professional references to Internship.FL@gmail.com with “Last Name, First Name” in the subject line.
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full- time or part-time internship for Fall 2016. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day- to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Nevada ties are strongly encouraged but not required. Please send resume and cover letter with dates of availability to Catherine.chrobak@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Don Beyer is accepting applications for full-time unpaid internships beginning this early September in his Washington, DC office. Candidates should be eager to learn, self-motivated, with prudent judgment, with knowledge of politics, and a good sense of humor. The proximity of Virginia's 8th District means that there is a substantial amount of work in the areas of press, legislative research, and constituent services, and our interns get experience with a wide variety of responsibilities. To apply, please email resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to Pablo.Sierra@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
The office of Representative Bruce Poliquin is accepting applications for internships in Washington, D.C. for Fall 2016. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Interns work side by side with experienced full-time staff, and play an integral part in the daily operations of the office. A typical day for our interns includes welcoming folks to the office, researching legislation for the Congressman and policy staff, and answering constituent calls and letters on various issues before the House. Ties to Maine are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to Poliquin.internship@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-201-16
 MEM-200-16
 MEM-198-16
 Page 3 of 11

MEM-197-16
The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an experienced unpaid communications intern to assist with day-to-day operations and special projects in the Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be soon-to-be or recent college graduates with a preferred major in PR, Journalism, English, or Communications. Interested applicants must be able to commit to at least 30 hours per week. Qualified candidates will have excellent writing skills, a positive attitude and a sense of humor. Photoshop experience is a plus. Intern responsibilities will include monitoring news on relevant policy areas and compile media reports, drafting social media posts and graphics on legislation, issue positions, and news items. Interns will also help brainstorm creative ways to concisely convey complex policy initiatives, draft press material, proof and edit documents from Senior Staff, and assist the Communications Director with special projects. Interested candidates should send their resume and two brief writing samples to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com. Writing samples may include: press release, advisory, professional Facebook post and corresponding tweet, school newspaper article, etc.
The office of Congressman Ted W. Lieu is seeking 2016 Fall interns. General intern responsibilities include: Answering telephones, data entry, responding to constituent requests, assisting with special projects such as legislative research, assisting with constituent casework, and other miscellaneous tasks. Skills required include: Effective and professional phone manner, computer experience, good typing ability, punctuality, attention to detail, ability to follow instructions, ability to complete tasks efficiently and thoroughly, maturity, empathy, professionalism, and discretion. This internship is unpaid. Congressman Lieu supports students requesting credit for their internship through their school or university. The deadlines for each internship session are as follows: Spring- December 9th, Summer- April 1st, Fall- July 29th. Preference will be given to residents of CA-33.
If you would like to apply for our internship program please send your resume, cover letter, and writing sample to internship.lieu@mail.house.gov with your name and the term in the subject line. If you have any questions regarding the application, please contact the Intern Coordinator, Ashley Fumiko Dominguez at internship.lieu@mail.house.gov or 323-651-1040.
The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid intern for Fall 2016. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending hearings. Interested candidates should send their resume, a cover letter, and a brief writing sample to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com.
 MEM-196-16
  MEM-195-16
 Page 4 of 11

MEM-193-16
The Washington, DC office of Congressman Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) is seeking enthusiastic and motivated interns for Fall 2016.
The ideal candidates will interact well with constituents, be able to multitask, and have a strong interest in public service. Excellent research and writing skills are crucial. Arizona ties are a plus, but not required.
Interns will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities include answering the phone, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and attending briefings and hearings. Internships are unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms for students to receive academic credit.
Interested applicants should submit an application including a cover letter, resume, and a 2-5 page writing sample at https://rubengallego.house.gov/services/internships. Cover letters should include days and times the applicants will be available during the internship period; writing samples may be excerpts of larger works.
Interns will begin mid to late-August, depending on their availability, and end in December. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis, and qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview.
Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for the Fall Semester in the Capitol Hill office. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First Congressional District are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to jordan1.wilson@mail.house.gov before July 22, 2016.
The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking full- time interns for fall of 2016 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates would be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be
 MEM-192-16
 MEM-191-16
Page 5 of 11

 MEM-190-16
willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to wi06resumes@gmail.com.
The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its Fall 2016 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support. Please note that this is an unpaid internship. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available hours to intern.CHADEM@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship.”
Rep. Earl Blumenauer, D-Ore., is seeking full or part-time interns for Fall 2016. This is a fast-paced office, where successful applicants will perform substantive and administrative work in Congress while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Duties include, but are not limited to:
• Providing constituent services (answering phones, sorting physical and electronic mail, greeting visitors in the office, and more).
• Giving Capitol tours.
• Legislative research and writing.
• Attending legislative briefings and committee hearings. • Completing special projects for staff.
Successful applicants will demonstrate these qualities:
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• An ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others. • Strong organizational skills.
• Dependability and a strong work ethic.
• A sense of humor.
Oregon ties are preferred, but not required. All internships are unpaid. Please e- mail your resume and cover letter to jon.bosworth@mail.house.gov.
About Rep. Blumenauer: A lifelong resident of Portland, Oregon, Representative Earl Blumenauer (OR-03) has devoted his entire career to public service. While still a student at Lewis and Clark College, he spearheaded the effort to lower the voting age both in Oregon and at the national level. He was elected to the Oregon Legislature in 1972, where he served three terms and Chaired the House Education and Revenue Committee in 1977-78. In 1978, he was elected to the Multnomah County Commission, where he served for eight years before being
 MEM-187-16
 Page 6 of 11

MEM-186-16
elected to the Portland City Council in 1986. There, his 10-year tenure as the Commissioner of Public Works demonstrated his leadership on the innovative accomplishments in transportation, planning, environmental programs and public participation that have helped Portland earn an international reputation as one of America’s most livable cities.
Elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1996, Representative Blumenauer has created a unique role as Congress’ chief spokesperson for Livable Communities: places where people are safe, healthy and economically secure. He is a strong advocate for federal policies that address transportation alternatives, provide housing choices, support sustainable economies, and improve the environment. Representative Blumenauer sits on the Ways and Means Committee, giving him a unique platform from which to initiate and legislation that addresses and mitigates the effects of global warming while also advancing his priorities of honest trade, financing critical infrastructure, building livable communities in a global economy, and ensuring economic security for working families.
The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is currently accepting applications for Fall 2016. Intern responsibilities include researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, answering phones, day to day office duties, and answering constituent letters on various issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to MeehanDCIntern@gmail.com. The deadline to apply is July 29, 2016. Ties to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District are preferred, but not required.
Senior Democratic member of Congress has openings for full-time and part-time interns to support our administrative, legislative, and press teams. Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending legislative briefings and hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail, giving Capitol tours, assisting with communications and media materials.
Applicants should be enthusiastic, reliable, professional, hardworking, and have strong writing and communication skills. Washington D.C. ties are required. Internships begin in late August/early September and run through the Fall semester. These positions are unpaid. Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and one-page writing sample to Camilo.Manjarres@mail.house.gov by July 18. Location: Washington, D.C.
The Office of Congressman Reid Ribble is seeking qualified candidates to intern in our Washington, D.C. office starting in August 2016. We are interested in candidates of all academic disciplines.
 MEM-185-16
 MEM-181-16
Page 7 of 11

 MEM-180-16
Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office administration, legislative research, constituent correspondence, and other duties as assigned.
Administration will include daily tasks such as welcoming guests, being aware of the Congressman’s and staff’s schedules, answering phones, constituent tours, mail administration, and other duties.
Legislative research and constituent correspondence will include being aware of current and pending legislation, researching legislation for constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and the drive to take the initiative in a fast-paced environment.
This is an unpaid position. If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter, resume and writing sample to Maggie.Woodin@mail.house.gov.
The Capitol Hill office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a full-time press intern. The press intern will work directly with the Communications Director and the Congresswoman to carry out responsibilities including, but not limited to, creating graphics, developing social media content, updating website content, editing video and photos, updating press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, staffing press events, and drafting press releases. Applicants should possess strong written and oral communication skills and have an interest in working on issues affecting the District of Columbia. The ideal applicant will have creative graphic design skills, strong writing skills, and a sense of humor.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to NortonPressInternship@gmail.com with “Press Intern” in the subject line.
The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Martha McSally (AZ-02) is currently seeking qualified candidates that are interested in a paid full-time internship and possess exceptional organization and communication skills. Candidates should maintain a professional and courteous demeanor, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process. Responsibilities include assisting the staff with front office operations, processing tour and flag requests, answering constituent calls and inquiries, conducting U.S. Capitol tours, attending hearings, and conducting legislative research. The ideal candidate is proactive, attentive to detail, and is able to work in a fast-paced environment. If you are interested in being considered for this internship opportunity, please send your resume, cover letter, and any relevant writing samples to keeley.christensen@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.
 MEM-178-16
 Page 8 of 11

MEM-177-16
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is seeking interns for the summer and fall semesters. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters. Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the provided application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for the fall of 2016. Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Communications Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time legislative intern for her Washington D.C. office for the fall of 2016. Ideal candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong work ethic and writing skills. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast- paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Legislative Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.
Page 9 of 11
 MEM-174-16
 MEM-173-16
 
MEM-172-16
The office of Representative Richard Hanna (NY-22) is currently accepting applications for fall semester interns. Duties will include greeting visitors, answering the telephone and answering constituent requests for general information, providing constituent tours of the Capitol, and other duties as assigned by the intern coordinator and staff members. This position will also monitor the delivery and pickup of mail, maintain the front office, draft constituent correspondence, assist with the preparation of legislative materials for committee hearings and briefings, and attend committee hearings with the Member.
The internship will be unpaid and run September through December, though precise start and end dates are flexible. To apply, interested applicants should email NY22Internships@gmail.com with a resume, cover letter, and two letters of recommendation.
Southern California Democrat seeks a full-time, unpaid Communications Intern for Fall 2016 to support dynamic press operation. Primary responsibilities include: create social media content and graphics; draft press releases and talking points; plan and execute DC and San Diego press events; cut and edit videos; organize and track photos; compile press clips and track coverage. Candidates must have strong writing and social media skills and demonstrate sound political instincts. California residents or those with strong ties to San Diego encouraged to apply. Please send a cover letter, resume, writing and social media/ graphic samples to ca52internship@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Communications Intern CA52.” Deadline to apply is July 15th.
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid congressional internship for Fall 2016. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are preferred. Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per week. Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and times available (start and end dates as well as days per week) to CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, CA52 Internship” in the subject line. Deadline to apply is July 15th.
Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for his Summer II 2016 internship program in his Washington, D.C. office. He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated, detail-oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. In the DC office, responsibilities will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol,
 MEM-171-16
 MEM-170-16
 MEM-169-16
Page 10 of 11

assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on various projects. Although internships are unpaid, the office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Jordan.Garcia@mail.house.gov.
 Page 11 of 11
