 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-293-18
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 21, 2018
Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2018 term, August to December. Intern responsibilities include greeting guests in the front office, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and cover letter to marshall.stallings@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to apply. The position is unpaid and is open to current students or recent graduates. Internship time frame and hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties preferred but not required.
Fall 2018 Legislative Internship - Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (unpaid) REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator/Supervisor
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Page 1 of 17
 MEM-292-18

  MEM-291-18
• to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties and other office errands.
• to assist the legislative team by drafting memoranda on legislation, votes, research projects, and an assigned policy proposal.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; • good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
• performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
• answers the telephones, and sorts and distributes mail;
• attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
• performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent
requests, including names and addresses of constituents;
• drafts memoranda on vote recommendations, cosponsor requests for
legislation, and other research projects as assigned;
• creates a policy proposal for a bill with the help of legislative staff; and
• performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
Please send resumes to Patrick.koetzle@mail.house.gov and Andres.chovil@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) is seeking applications
for internship positions available in his Washington, D.C. office. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. This internship provides a great opportunity to gain experience working in a Congressional office and get a first-hand look at the legislative process.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, supporting legislative and communications activities, helping with front office operations, assisting with constituent relations, and giving tours of the Capitol. Candidates should be self- starters with excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask effectively and think critically, attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative and governmental process.
This internship presents an excellent opportunity for college students and recent graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter to CA34.internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line.
 Page 2 of 17

MEM-290-18
The Office of Congressman Matt Gaetz (R-FL) is seeking interns for the spring semester in Washington, DC office. Although all internships in all offices are unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. Our interns' responsibilities are varied but substantive. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, run errands, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Congressman Gaetz serves on the Armed Services Committee, Judiciary Committee, and the Budget Committee. Interns will be able to get a broad perspective of these issue areas and the federal government in action. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Students will leave the internship with a greater understanding of how a Congressional office works, how constituent relationships are forged and maintained, and how the legislative process works. Students should be highly motivated, ready to learn, and eager to work in a fast- paced environment. Please apply by emailing your resume and a cover letter to alexis.dejarnette@mail.house.gov.
California Democratic Member is seeking a qualified applicant for an internship position in his Capitol Office. Responsibilities include corresponding with constituents, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting with projects including press and legislative research, and administrative duties as needed. The staff member will have the opportunity to attend briefings and hearings on the Hill as well as network and learn from senior staff. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written communication skills, and have an ability to multitask and be flexible in a fast-paced environment. Multilingual applicants, particularly those speaking Spanish, are encouraged to apply. The position is non-paid. Interested applicants should apply at the following link: https://vargas.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship- application.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The Office of Congressman Mike Rogers is looking for a full or part-time intern for the Fall Semester. Duties include but are not limited to: research; answering constituent correspondence; attending hearings and briefings in specific legislative areas; assisting staff with tours of the U.S. Capitol Building; and answering phones, and greeting visitors. This is a great opportunity for someone who may be looking for a job or going to school part time. Southern ties are preferred, but not required. To apply, please email a resume to haley.wilson@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-289-18
  MEM-287-18
 Page 3 of 17

MEM-283-18
The Office of Congressman Mark DeSaulnier (CA-11) is seeking a press/digital intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation in our Washington, D.C. office for Fall 2018. Qualified candidates should possess strong oral and written communications skills, and be detail-oriented. Digital content (esp. Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram), graphic design, and video editing experience is a plus. Intern duties include assisting with press related projects, compiling daily press clips, developing social media content, drafting e-newsletters, and more.
This internship is unpaid, and applicants should be available from September through December. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, as well as dates and times of availability to aimee.wall@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship, Fall 2018” in the subject field.
The Office of Congressman Michael Cloud (TX-27) is currently seeking Full-Time or Part-Time interns for both Fall and Winter of 2018 in our Washington D.C. office. Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable and hold strong written and verbal communication skills. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: answering phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, assisting the legislative staff, attending Congressional hearings, and participating in a legislative project. Internships are unpaid. Successful candidates will be mature, personable, flexible, detail-oriented, eager and willing to learn, and proactive. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. Texas ties are preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter, and availability to ApplyTX27Interns@gmail.com.
Illinois Democratic Office has openings for full-time interns and fellows to support our administrative, legislative, and communication teams in our Washington Office. Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending legislative briefings and hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail, researching information, and other duties as assigned. Applicants should be professional, hardworking, reliable and have strong writing and communication skills. Illinois ties are preferred, but not
required. Internships are unpaid and are available for the Fall
semesters. Interested candidates should submit your writing sample and resume to ResumeIL01@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
Congressman John K. Delaney seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid congressional internship for Fall 2018. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample, combined in one pdf, to md06.internships@mail.house.gov with “Fall Congressional Internship” in the subject line.”
 MEM-280-18
 MEM-279-18
 MEM-278-18
 Page 4 of 17

MEM-277-18
The office of Congresswoman Terri A. Sewell (D-AL) is seeking a full time Digital and Press Intern to start in mid-September of 2018.
Internship Description:
• Learn how to write emails and campaign actions that you’ll send to over
100,000 constituents
• Design and curate content for social media and connect with our local and
national audience
• Work side-by-side with our Communications Director, learning the ropes
of digital content production and press outreach
• Assist in traditional media outreach to newspapers, television and other
media outlets
• Analyze the results of your work and report on successes and failures
Qualifications:
• Passion for working to address issues of voting rights, health care,
education, and job growth
• Writing experience; ability to communicate message in concise and
compelling manner
• Understanding of what makes online content both shareable and
persuasive, including blogs and social media
• Interest in graphic design/infographic design
• Some experience with photography, and in HTML, Microsoft Word, and
Excel To Apply:
Send your resume and cover letter to Sewell.Press@mail.house.gov. MEM-276-18
 Congressman Erik Paulsen’s office is currently accepting applications for unpaid internships in our Washington, D.C. office.
A Congressional internship offers applicants an exciting opportunity to support staff while learning about the daily operations of the Legislative branch. Interns will assist the staff with constituent services, communications, administrative tasks, and legislative research. Congressman Paulsen’s Internship Program is designed primarily for the educational benefit of the participant. Interns working in the District Office have the opportunity to contribute to the office’s interaction with the surrounding community through constituent services, local events, and community meetings. Interns in the Washington, D.C. Office will gain insight into the federal government and the legislative process by working closely with staff and attending hearings and briefings. Candidates should have a strong work ethic, be highly organized and motivated, and possess a positive attitude.
This internship is unpaid. College credit, if applicable, will be provided. MN ties preferred but not required. Qualified applicants should send their cover letter and resume to Joe Dillon at Joe.Dillon@mail.house.gov.
  Page 5 of 17

 MEM-275-18
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dwight Evans (PA-02) is seeking highly motivated interns for the fall semester. Strong written and verbal communication skills required. Must be dependable and a team player. Duties include conducting research for legislative staff, leading Capitol tours, answering constituent phone calls and inquiries, attending congressional briefings and hearings, and compiling press clips. Interns will gain valuable professional experience and inside knowledge of the legislative process on Capitol Hill.
Philadelphia or Pennsylvania ties strongly preferred but not required. This is an unpaid internship, but we are happy to work with college students to receive academic credit. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and availability to Chandler.Mason@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2018 Internship.”
Congressman Bill Huizenga (MI-02) is now accepting applications for his Fall 2018 Internship Program in his D.C. office from early September through early December.
Successful applicants will have a positive and friendly attitude, a willingness to learn new skills, an interest in politics and legislation, excellent written and verbal communication skills, and proficiency with Microsoft Office Programs (primarily Microsoft Word, Excel)
Duties:
• Sitting at the front desk: answering phones, sorting mail, data entry, greeting visitors/meetings
• Researching legislation, database creation and work, assisting with press clips, various errands around Capitol Hill/DC, keeping supplies stocked, attend hearings
• Assisting scheduler with filing, calling, etc.
• Congressional Internships are often fast-paced, high-stress, professional,
involve quick thinking.
• Congressional Interns are an integral part of the staff. Successful
completion of related duties allows other staff to assist with policy-related
matters and to aid Congressman Huizenga.
• Conducting tours/guiding constituents through the U.S. Capitol Building
Hours will vary on number of applicants but generally Monday-Friday 8am-5pm. The office may accommodate interns who are available only part time.
How to apply:
• Fill out the internship application, which can be found under the Services
tab on https://huizenga.house.gov. Page 6 of 17
 MEM-274-18
   
 MEM-273-18
• Send your updated resume and a cover letter to Phillip.Rokus@mail.house.gov.
The House Judiciary Committee Democratic staff is looking for interns who can assist in executing an aggressive communications strategy. Candidates should have a strong interest in both public relations and public policy. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills and strong research, writing, and communication skills. Ideal candidates are college students, recent graduates, or graduate students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Primary Duties:
• Assisting with committee hearings, press conferences, panels, forums, and
other events
• Drafting social media content (i.e. facebook, twitter, instagram, medium)
• Taking photos of and recording events
• Managing press lists, including creating issue-specific press lists
• Compiling press clips
Please send a resume and cover letter to JudPressIntern@mail.house.gov by August 18, 2018. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking full or part-time unpaid congressional interns for her Washington, D.C. office for Fall 2018 (mid-August to December). This internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fast-paced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be motivated, detail-oriented and possess strong communication and writing skills. This is a great opportunity for students seeking Hill experience. Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a resume, cover letter and dates and times available with the subject line “Fall Internship” to timothy.huebner@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks full or part-time fall interns for her Washington, D.C. office. Interns will work in a fast-paced and fun congressional office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Additionally, interns will have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and briefings for the legislative staff. The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public service. Washington state ties are a plus but are not
 MEM-272-18
 MEM-269-18
Page 7 of 17

 MEM-268-18
required. Interested applicants should send a current resume and cover letter to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
The Office of Congressman Rod Blum (IA-01) is currently seeking full time and part time unpaid interns for the Fall 2018 Internship Program in Washington, D.C. and district offices in Dubuque, Cedar Falls, and Cedar Rapids. The internship begins in September and continues through December.
In Washington, D.C., duties include providing service to constituents through answering phone calls, greeting visitors, drafting correspondence letters, attending briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading Capitol Building tours, and assisting senior staff with projects.
In the First District, duties include providing service to constituents by assisting with case work and helping with event organization, in addition to office tasks such as answering phone calls, greeting visitors, drafting correspondence letters, and assisting with media clips.
Successful applicants will have excellent written and verbal communication skills, sharp attention to detail, ability to prioritize and organize tasks, and a strong interest in the legislative process.
Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. All interested students are encouraged to fill out the application posted on https://blum.house.gov/forms/internships/.
The Personal Office of Congressman Eliot L. Engel, the Ranking Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, is searching for prospective students who wish to intern at our Washington D.C office. Duties include: taking phone calls, responding to constituent concerns, and assisting official staff by attending briefing and Congressional hearings.
Aside from the varying duties, a prospective intern should be able to communicate effectively; be an attentive listener; and possess good writing skills. This is an unpaid internship but can be counted for course credit. Though we are open to a variety of academic backgrounds, preferred candidates would be those majoring in: Political Science, Social Work, Government Affairs, and History. Most candidates are college students or recent graduates.
As an intern in the Office of Congressman Engel, one is expected to act with the utmost courtesy and professionalism. We expect our interns to respect the office and its constituents as the office serves not only at the pleasure of the community, but also as the public face of Congressman Engel. It is a concrete actualization of civics in action.
 MEM-267-18
Page 8 of 17

 MEM-266-18
If you would like to be considered for a position, please email your resume and cover letter to Engel.Internship@mail.house.gov. In your application, be sure to include the semester and/or dates you would be available to intern. NY ties a plus, but not required.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the Fall of 2018. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. California ties are a plus. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Robert.Clark@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2018 Internship” in the subject line.
The Office of Congressman Ralph Norman (SC-5) is currently seeking Full-Time or Part-Time interns for both Fall and Winter of 2018 in our Washington D.C. office. Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable and hold strong written and verbal communication skills. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, attending Congressional hearings, assisting the legislative staff, and participating in a legislative project. Internships are unpaid. Successful candidates will be mature, personable, detail-oriented, and self-starters. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. South Carolina ties preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter, and availability to Kimberly.Hammond@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking full- time interns for Fall of 2018 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates will be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast- paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to wi06resumes@gmail.com.
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time unpaid interns for Fall 2018 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
   MEM-265-18
 MEM-262-18
 MEM-261-18
Page 9 of 17

   MEM-259-18
administrative staff with attending briefings, answering phones, coordinate and conduct tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Florida and District ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins. To apply, email a resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and a cover letter including your availability as a single PDF to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.
The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks qualified undergraduate and recent graduate student legislative interns for the Fall 2018 program (August/September through December).
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Ideal candidates are organized and committed students (and/or recent graduates) eager to join a fast-paced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part- time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply. Although internships are unpaid, applicants may request the Committee’s assistance in receiving credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample (no longer than two pages) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In the subject line, please indicate the program session for which you are applying (e.g. [Fall 2018] Legislative Intern Application):
*In your cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes.*
The office of Congressman Dave Reichert (WA-08) is currently seeking candidates for full and part-time internships in his Washington, D.C. office for the fall session, with positions available starting mid-August. These are unpaid internships; however, opportunities for school credit are available if needed. The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of major.
 MEM-258-18
Page 10 of 17

 MEM-256-18
Interns will observe firsthand the inner workings of a Congressional office, while gaining relevant and valuable knowledge of the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, conducting legislative research, compiling press clips, assisting with front office operations, helping with constituent relations, and receiving training in order to conduct U.S. Capitol tours. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend legislative briefings and congressional hearings on Capitol Hill.
Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic and be detailed-oriented and well organized. He/she will also possess strong communication and writing skills, as well as an enthusiasm for the political process and fast-paced congressional operations. Successful candidates will be personable, adaptable, good-humored, and service-oriented. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.
Congressman Reichert is a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to wa08internship@gmail.com.
The Office of Congressman Chris Smith (NJ-04) is seeking applicants for an unpaid internship in the Washington, DC office for Fall 2018. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, attending hearings and briefings on behalf of staff, sorting and distributing mail, drafting correspondence, and assisting with research tasks. Candidates should possess strong writing and communications skills as well as attention to detail. All majors are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume, writing sample, and a list of references to NJ04.scheduling@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship 2018” in the subject line.
Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA-02), is currently hiring fall interns for his Washington, D.C. office to start immediately. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: maintaining the front office, greeting visitors, processing constituent correspondence, writing letters, attending hearings and briefings, and answering the main office phone line. Interns will have the opportunity to learn about the legislative process and the federal government by working closely with the legislative, communications and constituent services staff members. Candidates should be current or recent college students, regardless of major but with an interest in Congress and the legislative process. Full time availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are encouraged to apply as well.
To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. Please include any Iowa connections in the body of the email. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office,
 MEM-255-18
 MEM-254-18
Page 11 of 17

intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid but the office will provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.
MEM-253-18
 Democratic Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks current college
 students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for fall 2018
 internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern duties include answering
 phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail and faxes,
 leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and other
 responsibilities as needed. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral and
 written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to work on
 a variety of tasks. Preference given to interns with full-time availability, but those
 seeking part-time internships will be considered. Pennsylvania ties a plus but not
 required. Internship positions are unpaid. To apply, please email cover letter,
 resume, and a brief writing sample (no more than two pages) to Zach Rosen at
 . Please include availability in your cover letter.
 MEM-252-18
colleen.carlos@mail.house.gov
 The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Sander Levin (MI-09) is now
 accepting applications for full/part-time Fall interns. Start/stop dates are flexible.
 Basic intern responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering phones,
 legislative research and correspondence, assisting staff on various projects,
 conducting tours of the Capitol Building, and other office tasks. Interns will also
 have the opportunity to attend hearings and briefings of interest. Candidates must
 be motivated, flexible, confident, and able to work well independently in a fast-
 paced environment. Michigan ties are preferred but not required. Applicants must
 be currently enrolled in college. Internships are unpaid, but college credit is
 available. Qualified candidates should apply at https://levin.house.gov/serving-
  you/internships/internship-online-application.
If you have any questions
   concerning the internship, please do not hesitate to email
 David.Beer@mail.house.gov or call (202) 225-4961.
  MEM-251-18
Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking
 motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions immediately. Intern
 responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
 Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
 research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates
 should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
 attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
 eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs.
 Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing
 to work both independently as well as part of a team environment.
 Page 12 of 17

MEM-249-18
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full- time or part-time internship for the Fall of 2018. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Nevada ties are strongly encouraged but not required. Please send resume and cover letter to Colleen.Hearin@mail.house.gov or apply online at https://titus.house.gov/.
The Committee on House Administration, Democratic staff is currently seeking a full-time intern for the 2018 Fall semester. This extended internship will begin immediately, lasting through December of 2018. Interns will have various responsibilities in assisting staff with administrative duties, franking, and legislative research. Interns will also assist in planning/executing New Member Orientation for newly elected members of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 2018 election cycle.
Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting franking requests, compiling hearing materials, assisting with front office duties, assisting in New Member Orientation duties, and assisting the committee’s Elections Counsel.
Candidates must exhibit strong writing, communication, research, and organizational skills. Graphic design experience preferred, but not required. Please send a resume, brief writing sample and 2 graphic designs (if applicable) in PDF format to Sydney.burns@mail.house.gov with “Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
Congressman Randy Hultgren (IL-14) is currently seeking full or part-time interns to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2018 term. The 14th District is made up of parts of 7 Illinois counties; DuPage, DeKalb, Kane, Kendall, Lake, McHenry and Will. Intern responsibilities include guiding Capitol tours, opening and sorting mail, answering calls and emails from constituents, managing the database and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent communication skills. If interested please send your resume and cover letter to IL14interns@gmail.com. Hours are flexible and can be
Louisiana/Southern ties are a plus but not required. If you are a student we are
 happy to work with your college or university to arrange for academic credit.
 Please send a résumé and cover letter in PDF form to
 LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject line.
    MEM-248-18
  MEM-247-18
 Page 13 of 17

adjusted to accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties preferred but not required.
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking unpaid interns for Fall 2018 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with attending briefings, answering phones, coordinate and conduct tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins. To apply, please email a resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and a cover letter including Full time or Part Time availability as a single PDF to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-244-18
MEM-245-18
 The office of Congresswoman Claudia Tenney is currently seeking highly motivated full or part-time interns to start in August for the Fall 2018 semester. Intern duties include performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing mail, answering telephones, attending hearings and briefings, entering data into Intranet Quorum, conducting tours of the Capitol, processing flag requests, and any other office tasks. Ideal candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written communication skills. College credit is available if necessary. Preference will be given to New York natives; however, all are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Kathy.Vences@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject line.
  MEM-243-18
The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking full- time interns for Fall of 2018 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates will be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast- paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to wi06resumes@gmail.com.
The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full or part-time Communications Intern in our Washington, D.C. office. Interns in our office perform various duties, while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific tasks include drafting constituent correspondence, event planning, assisting communications team with social media outreach, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
 MEM-242-18
 Page 14 of 17

 MEM-241-18
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! All internships are unpaid. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2018 Pocan Communications Internship” in the subject line.
The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a congressional intern to assist with a fast-paced legislative operation for Fall 2018. Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team environment, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American Government. Wisconsin ties a plus.
Intern responsibilities include:
• Conducting legislative research
• Assisting with official correspondence
• Opening and sorting mail, and other administrative tasks
• Guiding tours of the U.S. Capitol
• Attending Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events
• Answering phones
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00 pm). This is an unpaid position. To apply, send resume, cover letter (including availability), and two writing samples to Robert.Montgomery@mail.house.gov.
The Republican staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives seeks candidates for law student, graduate student, and undergraduate student internships for fall 2018. Interns will have the opportunity to participate in substantive work on investigations and legislation, attend hearings and briefings, and participate in an intern education program. Undergraduate interns will also rotate through assisting in the front office on a recurring basis.
Fall internships are available immediately and typically run through the middle of December, although specific dates will be determined a case-by-case basis. Interns must be available at least three days a week, and preference will be afforded to those available full time.
The strongest candidates will exhibit an excellent work ethic, discretion in working on confidential matters, and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the Committee’s work.
 MEM-240-18
Page 15 of 17

Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter detailing their interest in the position to James.Mautz@mail.house.gov Graduate students and law students are encouraged to include an unedited writing sample.
MEM-239-18
 The Office of Congressman Tom Suozzi (NY-03) is currently seeking full or
 part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall of 2018. Applicants
 should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Interns will get to
 work in a fast-paced environment and learn how a Congressional office operates.
 Responsibilities include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting
 legislative research, attending briefings/hearings, leading Capitol tours, assisting
 with constituent relations, and managing the front office. The internship gives
 students the opportunity to interact directly with the inner workings of Capitol
 Hill and the legislative process. Internships are unpaid, and New York ties are
 preferred but not required. Please send your resume and cover letter
 to michael.christesen@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the
 subject line.
  MEM-237-18
The Office of Representative Jason Lewis (MN-02) is accepting applications for unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Fall 2018 in his district office in Burnsville, MN. In the district office, interns may be asked to do a variety of things including day-to-day office work such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with constituent intake. In addition, interns may be assigned to assist with constituent casework or work on district-based projects of importance. Ideally, candidates should be motivated, meticulous, and have an eagerness to learn. Internships can be part-time with flexible hours to accommodate student course schedules.
Although this internship is unpaid, academic credit may also be available based on the candidate’s academic institution. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to angela.sedlacek@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-224-18
The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton is currently accepting applications for Fall 2018 interns. We are seeking undergraduate and graduate students interested in gaining congressional work experience in her Capitol Hill Office, or in her Main District Office.
Responsibilities of congressional interns include but are not limited to answering telephones, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol tours to constituents, tracking legislation, attending community events, assisting with constituent casework, coordinating press-related activities, attending hearings, and preparing constituent correspondence. These tasks give students valuable, direct interaction with the inner workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process.
If you would like to be considered for an internship in Norton's office please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and at least one letter of recommendation to Marquis.Woods@mail.house.gov , with "Norton Internship" in the subject line of the email.
  Page 16 of 17

MEM-175-18
Congressman Mike Bishop (MI-8th District) is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives and serves on the Ways and Means Committee. Congressman Bishop represents Ingham County, Livingston County, and North Oakland County of Michigan. The Fall Internship Program will be based out of his Washington D.C. Office. Chosen applicants will have the opportunity to develop expertise in a congressional office and constituent relations. Applicants must possess excellent writing skills, a proactive work ethic, and the ability to learn quickly. Internships are unpaid, but our office is happy to support programs offering academic credit.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1 to 2 pages any topic), and availability to Erin Beebe via email at Erin.Beebe@mail.house.gov.
Please note that internships require a minimum three-month commitment, are unpaid, and require applicants to be enrolled in a post-secondary institution.
  Office Duties:
• Drafting constituent commendations and correspondence
• Assisting in research relating to legislation
• Conduct and lead tours of the Capitol building for our constituents • Directing constituent phone calls
Requirements:
• Ability to communicate professionally and diplomatically at all times
• Experience in a professional work environment
• Knowledge of current events
• Commitment to staying informed on federal legislation and current events
Office Information:
• Office hours are from 9:00am to 5:00pm Monday through Friday
• Our D.C. office address is 428 Cannon House Office Building Washington,
DC 20515
• Business professional dress is required
Page 17 of 17
