 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 30, 2019
 MEM-667-19
The House Democratic Caucus is now offering full-time digital internships.
   Ideal candidates should be hardworking and highly motivated recent college graduates with a demonstrated proficiency in social media, graphic design and video editing.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting with social media and livestreaming, fulfilling digital requests from Member offices, photographing events and other relevant tasks in support of the digital team and the Democratic Caucus. Applicants should possess excellent writing skills, have an interest in political/government communications and be able to work in a fast-paced, demanding environment.
To apply, send a PDF version of your resume and a digital portfolio to DemCaucus.Digital@mail.house.gov that includes the following:
•Two examples of an original graphic design produced by the applicant •Three original photographs produced by the applicant
•Three original social media posts regarding House Democrats
•Any other original sample content of the applicant’s choice that demonstrates digital skills
 Page 1 of 12

Please include DIGITAL INTERN in the subject line. People of color, women and LGBTQ individuals are strongly encouraged to apply.
 MEM-666-19
The office of Congressman Greg Steube (FL-17) is seeking spring interns for his DC office who will be responsible for answering phones, running errands, researching legislation, answering constituent letters, and taking detailed briefing notes for staff.
The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated interest in learning about the legislative process, be highly articulate, as well as possessing strong organizational skills.
Start dates and weekly hours are negotiable for this paid internship, Florida ties are a plus.
About Congressman Steube: Congressman Greg Steube represents Florida’s 17th District in Congress. From 2010-2018, Steube used his background in the military, agriculture, and law, to advance conservative values as a member of the Florida House of Representatives (2010-2016) and Florida Senate (2016-2018). In Congress, Steube continues to champion these issues while serving on the House Judiciary, Oversight and Reform, and Veterans’ Affairs committees.
Email resume and cover letter to Alex.Murglin@mail.house.gov
  MEM-665-19
The House Judiciary Committee Democrats are looking for Spring 2020 interns who can assist in executing an aggressive communications strategy.
Candidates should have a strong interest in both public relations and public policy. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills and strong research, writing, and communication skills. The Committee strives to ensure that our internship class reflects the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Primary Duties:
•Assisting with committee hearings, press conferences, panels, forums, and other events
•Taking photos of and recording events
•Managing press lists, including creating issue-specific press lists
•Compiling press clips
•Drafting social media content (i.e. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) Please send a resume and cover letter to JudPressIntern@mail.house.gov
  Page 2 of 12

    full and part-time interns for the spring internship session. The start date would be as early as January 6, 2020 (flexible depending on availability) with an end date of May 15, 2020. Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and have access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to) greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff. At the beginning of the legislative week, interns are expected to work into the evening to assist staff in facilitating member meetings. Congressman Scalise supports students requesting credit for their internship through their university.
If interested, please visit https://scaliseforms.house.gov/constituent- services/internships.htm to complete your application and submit a resume and cover letter. Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re applying for a spring internship, and format the files as [Full Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter].
   MEM-663-19
Republican Whip Steve Scalise (LA-01) is currently accepting applications for
MEM-661-19
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a full time digital/press intern for spring 2020 to start in early January. Candidates will work closely with the Press Secretary and Digital Media Assistant.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting social media posts and digital content, assisting in developing graphics, event photography, and compiling press clips in addition to answering phones and other tasks depending on the needs of the Committee and the intern’s interests. Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills and experience working with social media. Familiarity with photoshop is a plus!
Submit a resume, cover letter, and a sample of your digital work to veterans.internships@mail.house.gov. Please include in your cover letter how many days a week you would be available to work and your preferred start and end dates. This internship is unpaid and student veterans, women, minorities and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
  MEM-660-19 The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, unpaid Spring 2020 interns for our Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include drafting memos and constituent letters, assisting legislative staff with research, answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, and other tasks as assigned.
 Page 3 of 12

Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are strongly preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Spring Intern” in the subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates in your cover letter. No phone calls or walk- ins please.
  MEM-659-19
A senior-ranking Republican member on the Committee of Ways & Means is seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships for Spring 2020. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process.
D.C. responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings. Florida ties are strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to housegopinternshipfl@outlook.com. No phone calls or drop-ins will be considered.
  MEM-658-19
The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting applications for full-time internships for the spring 2020 session. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced front office, answering phones, and greeting visitors.
Responsibilities also include assisting staff with hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research projects, and various other tasks as assigned.
Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic, team player attitude. Previous Hill experience is preferred but not required. Note that Committee internships are unpaid positions.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to: var.internship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
  MEM-657-19 The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detail- oriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to
 Page 4 of 12

manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative briefings, greeting constituents and visitors, assisting staff with research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Positions are available beginning in January 2020. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to pa08internships@gmail.com with “Legislative Internship Application” in the subject line. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates and hours available to work. Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required.
     will run from January - May 2020. As an intern, you will gain invaluable work experience by helping the legislative, communications, and administrative teams on an as-needed basis. Hours generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., but some flexibility is requested.
Intern responsibilities vary and involve a combination of administrative work and assistance to members of staff in more in-depth projects. Every day, interns will answer phones, greet visitors, sort mail, conduct tours, deliver documents, research legislation, draft press releases, manage complex constituent interactions, and draft office correspondence. Our internship program is geared to prepare our interns for a career on the Hill, helping interns gain an in-depth experience on the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in our DC office, please complete and submit the Internship form here harder.house.gov/services/internships/internship-form
 MEM-656-19
In Congressman Harder’s (D-CA) Washington, DC office, this paid internship
MEM-654-19
The Republican Staff of the House Oversight Committee is looking for full- and part-time law clerks for the spring semester. Law clerks will have the opportunity to work with the oversight and policy teams, conducting research, reviewing documents, and preparing for hearings and markups.
Applicants must be current law school students with strong writing skills who are enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the Committee’s work. The strongest candidates will also be organized and detail-oriented, as they will balance multiple, often disparate, projects corresponding with the broad jurisdiction of the Committee.
Clerkships begin in January or February and typically run through May. Specific dates for clerkships will be determined on a case-by-case basis. This is an unpaid
   Page 5 of 12

position, but we are happy to work with an applicant so they can receive class credit.
Interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to oversight.committee@mail.house.gov. Please place "LAW CLERK" in the subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
     self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to apply for its paid, full-time spring 2020 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex, including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
To apply, please send a cover letter, including dates of availability, and one page resume to Roberto.estrada@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-652-19
The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
MEM-651-19
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for Spring 2020 in Washington, D.C.
Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
Please email FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov, with your resume, cover letter & a 1-2 page writing sample.
  MEM-649-19 Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-17) has Spring 2020 openings for a full-time congressional intern in his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning in January, and a preference for those who can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania ties are a plus but are not required.
 Page 6 of 12

 Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and weekly availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-648-19
The Democratic staff of the House Committee on the Judiciary is seeking a digital intern for a spring position. This digital internship program includes the production of high-quality graphics, videos, and demonstratives, as well as rapid response work, filming/post production editing, manual photography, and livestreaming events.
Candidates must possess STRONG technical skills, advanced creativity, and a high level of attention to detail. Experience in Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Premier Pro, After Effects, LightRoom, InDesign, and Audition a plus. Experience in HTML,CSS, technology and big-data analytics a serious plus. Must be a team player and have a strong work ethic. Willingness to take initiative, generate creative ideas, and the ability to work under deadline pressure a must.
The House Committee on the Judiciary’s Democratic staff internship program will be providing stipends to spring interns, with additional funds provided to interns with additional demonstrated financial need. The Committee strives to ensure that our internship class reflects the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Email portfolio and resume to JudPress.Intern@mail.house.gov with DIGITAL INTERN in the subject line. Portfolio must be included to be considered for the position.
  MEM-647-19 Position: Legislative Intern
Description: Southern Republican seeks a highly motivated individual to serve as
a paid legislative intern in the Washington, D.C. office.
Requirements: This position requires an individual with excellent communication and writing skills.
 Page 7 of 12

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general office administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and work well in a team environment.
Office: Ted Budd (NC-13)
Contact: sam.shumate@mail.house.gov
  MEM-646-19
The Office of Congressman H. Morgan Griffith (VA-09) is currently seeking full or part-time unpaid interns for his Washington, D.C. office during the spring semester.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research. Although all internships are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students to receive college credit. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover letter to bailey.psuik@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
  MEM-645-19
The Office of Congresswoman Kendra S. Horn (OK-5) seeks a Press Intern to begin in January in their DC office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting press materials and digital media, compiling press clips, monitoring digital platforms, updating reporter and contact lists, research projects, and other duties as assigned. The Press Intern will also assist in answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and various other tasks. Candidates should have strong writing, organizational, and interpersonal skills as well as the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to OK05.DCinternship@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship” in the subject line. The deadline to apply is January 1, 2020.
  MEM-643-19
The Office of Congressman Ron Estes is currently accepting applications for spring 2020 interns in our Washington D.C. office.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Good oral and written communication skills
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others •Good organizational skills
•Responsible, dependable and willing to learn
    Page 8 of 12

 DUTIES:
•Perform research
•Sort and distribute mail
•Attend committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars
•Answer the phones
•Record constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant information
•Perform other duties as assigned by staff members
Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. To apply for an internship in Washington D.C., or ask any questions related to the internship, please send an email to collin.harrison@mail.house.gov and include your resume, cover letter, and two letters of recommendation. Kansas ties are preferred but not required.
 MEM-642-19
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
   Spring 2020 in Washington, D.C.
Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
To apply, email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and cover letter listing your availability to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-636-19
MEM-634-19
The House Small Business Committee Minority Staff is currently looking for
   full-time interns for the spring 2020 semester (January – May).
Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research, and other tasks. This internship is open to undergraduates (juniors and above) and recent graduates. The office is an equal opportunity employer and minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered, please submit a one-page resume and cover letter to housesmallbusinessinternshipr@gmail.com and include “Spring 2020 Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
 Congressman Bill Huizenga (MI-02) is seeking Full time or Part Time Paid
   interns for Spring 2019 in Washington, D.C.
Page 9 of 12

Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Michigan ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
To apply, email a single PDF including your resume and cover letter listing your availability to Jared.Wood@mail.house.gov
  MEM-633-19 “Republican office looking for paid interns for the Spring 2020 semester. Please email abigail.michos@mail.house.gov”
  MEM-632-19
“Conservative Midwestern member of the House seeks motivated, detail- oriented, and energetic professionals for internships in Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Missouri/Midwestern ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the Communications Director with drafting talking points, creating graphics for social media, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time internship positions are available beginning in January 2019. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to Trevor.Ray@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the subject line.”
     Press Intern to begin in January.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting press materials, media monitoring, maintaining website and digital platforms, updating reporter and contact lists, coordinating events, research projects, prepping for meetings, and other duties as assigned.
Candidates should have strong writing, organizational, and interpersonal skills as well as the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to dpcc@mail.house.gov with the subject line “DPCC Internship.”
 MEM-631-19
The House Democratic Policy & Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a
 Page 10 of 12

MEM-630-19
The House Democratic Policy & Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a Digital intern to begin in January.
Responsibilities include, drafting press materials, media monitoring, assisting with maintaining website and digital platforms, clipping videos, drafting digital content, and other duties assigned.
Candidates must be proficient in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, Premiere, and After Effects) and have strong writing, organizational, and interpersonal skills as well as the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, graphic and video sample to dpcc@mail.house.gov with the subject line “DPCC Internship.”
  MEM-628-19
The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a legal intern for the Spring 2020 semester.
In addition to providing administrative and operations support to the committee as needed, the legal intern will work closely with the Counsels team with research projects, drafting legislation, providing support for full committee markups and hearings, and attending meetings and briefings. Candidates should be current law students and require little supervision. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “Spring 2020 Legal Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
  MEM-488-19
The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for spring of 2020. Specifically we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the labor policy team, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the health policy team and graduate and legal interns and fellows for the oversight team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips.
 Page 11 of 12

Applicants who are applying for graduate internships or fellowships should be able to demonstrate academic or professional exposure to the subject matter of the team to which they are applying. Fellows must be participating in an established fellowship program. Applicants should be able to start in January and commit through April/May.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov and indicate, in the subject line of the email, to which position they are applying.
Please also include ‘Spring 2020’ in the subject line. If you are applying for a graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short, relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Applicants should aim to submit their materials by November 1, 2019.
The Committee on Education and Labor is a legislative office within the U.S. House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over a broad array of child welfare, education and labor policy areas, including early childhood education, K-12 education, higher education, employer/employee relations, worker safety, and employer provided health care. Representative Robert C. “Bobby” Scott (D-VA) serves as Chairman.
  MEM-416-19
The Democratic Staff on the House Education and Labor Committee seeks a health care intern/fellow. This position will work on the health team. Candidates should have familiarity with health policy, including the Affordable Care Act. Knowledge of other statutes and policies within the Committee’s jurisdiction and how they impact health and human services policy is preferred. Prior Hill experience or policy experience is also preferred.
Tasks will include supporting the development of legislation regarding health policy, conducting issue and legislative research, and preparing written materials and legislative analyses. Applicants should be available to start in September 2019 and commit through December 2019.
To apply, applicants must submit the internship applicant information form (https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships/form), a resume and a short writing sample. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please email resume and writing sample to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov with "Health Policy Intern/Fellow" in the subject line.
      Page 12 of 12
