 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-033-18
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 23, 2018
The Washington D.C. Office of Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán is seeking enthusiastic and highly motivated interns for Winter and Spring 2018 – January through May. Ideal candidates will be professional, dependable, and possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include assisting staff with front office operations, conducting legislative research, answering constituent calls and inquiries, conducting U.S. Capitol tours, attending committee briefings and hearings, and learning about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. This position is unpaid. Ties to Southern California and strong sense of humor preferred, but not required. Please email resume and cover letter to Ricardo.Pacheco@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Spring 2018. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
 MEM-030-18
Page 1 of 8

 MEM-029-18
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our internship program begins in January until the end of May. First priority will be given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter, a short writing sample (1-2 pages) and work availability with the subject line “D.C Spring 2018 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus, but are not required.
Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) is seeking applications
for internship positions available in his Washington, D.C. office. Positions are available starting immediately, and applications will be considered on a rolling basis. This internship provides a great opportunity to gain experience working in a Congressional office and get a first-hand look at the legislative process.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, supporting legislative and communications activities, helping with front office operations, assisting with constituent relations, and giving tours of the Capitol. Candidates should be self- starters with excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask effectively and think critically, attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative and governmental process.
This internship presents an excellent opportunity for college students and recent graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter to CA34.internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line.
Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for three summer sessions in the Capitol Hill office. The summer session dates are May 14- June 15, June 18- July 20, and July 23- August 24. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First Congressional District are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to katie.mazzola@mail.house.gov before
 MEM-028-18
 Page 2 of 8

MEM-027-18
February 25, 2018. Please specify which summer sessions you are available to intern.
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) seeks current college students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a part-time internship on Mondays and Tuesdays. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Florida ties are encouraged but not required. Please send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample to FL13Internships@mail.house.gov.
California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the Spring 2018 internship session to begin in March 2018. Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips, assist with front office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications and writing skills are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not required. Please submit a cover letter, brief writing sample, resume and availability to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Diane Black is seeking unpaid interns (Full time or Part time) for the Washington D.C. office. Despite being an unpaid internship, the Intern Coordinator is able to sign off on the interns receiving school credit. Responsibilities will include, but not limited to greeting office visitors, leading tours of Capitol Hill, research on policy and legislation, sorting mail, as well as helping out other permanent staffers with projects.
Qualified applicants will have a positive attitude, the ability to work in a fast paced environment, be detail orientated, and the ability to multi-task. Tennessee ties are preferred, but not required. Please email a resume and a cover letter to nicholas.ayers@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Sarbanes (MD-03) is currently seeking college students or recent graduates for the Spring 2018 internship program in Washington, DC. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, drafting constituent correspondence, assisting the Communications Director with various projects, attending briefings and writing memos for legislative staff, conducting
 MEM-026-18
 MEM-024-18
 MEM-022-18
Page 3 of 8

 MEM-021-18
research for various legislative projects, and providing administrative support for the office. Preference will be given to interns with full-time availability.
Ideal candidates must possess a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for learning. Ties to Maryland strongly preferred. Interested applicants may send a resume, cover letter, two short writing samples, and work availability with the subject line “Spring 2018 Internship” to Lucy Shaw at Employment@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Walker is currently seeking hard-working interns in his Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2018 semester. Interns will work closely with Congressman Walker's staff and constituents while learning the procedures of the United States Congress and about issues affecting North Carolina. Duties include, but are not limited to, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, sorting constituent mail, answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, and assisting staff members. Those interested in political science, government, public policy, business, and social work are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send a current resume and cover letter to NC06.Internship@mail.house.gov.
The Republican staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives seeks candidates for law student, graduate student, and undergraduate student internships for spring 2018 and summer 2018. Interns will have the opportunity to participate in substantive work on investigations and legislation, attend hearings and briefings, and participate in an intern education program. Undergraduate interns will also rotate through assisting in the front office on a recurring basis.
Spring internships are available immediately and typically run through the middle of April, although specific dates will be determined a case-by-case basis. Interns must be available at least three days a week, and preference will be afforded those available full time.
The strongest candidates will exhibit an excellent work ethic, discretion in working on confidential matters, and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the Committee’s work.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter detailing their interest in the position to Michael.Watson@mail.house.gov and Robert.Brooks@mail.house.gov. Graduate students and law students are encouraged to include an unedited writing sample.
 MEM-020-18
  Page 4 of 8

MEM-017-18
Mid-Atlantic member seeks a press intern to begin immediately in the Washington, D.C. office. The role of the press intern is to help support the Communications Director in day-to-day tasks in the press shop, from special projects to copy editing to assisting with digital communications. This is an unpaid internship, but is an excellent opportunity for students seeking academic credit.
Responsibilities include:
• Research to support office communication and legislative efforts; • Compile daily clips;
• Draft social media, newsletters and other written communication; • Manage and update press lists;
• Attend briefings and press events;
• Answer phones and log constituent mail; • Give Capitol tours and;
• Assist with general office duties.
Requirements and expectations: Ideal candidates must be strong writers, possess acute attention to detail, have a thorough understanding of all social media and digital platforms and be able to work quickly and efficiently. Graphic design skills, relevant course work, and/or experience in media are appreciated. Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events, policy subjects and issues affecting the Mid-Atlantic region. Interested candidates should submit their resume, cover letter and writing sample to hannah.cooper@mail.house.gov. The subject line should read “Spring Press Internship Application.” Maryland ties preferred, but not required. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
The Office of Congressman Buchanan is seeking full time interns for spring.
Job Description
Our internship program offers interns a chance to learn and work on the hill and see how the highest levels of government work. Being the office of a senior member of the House Ways and Means Committee, interns will have exposure to healthcare, tax, and trade issues. Interns will assist staff with legislative projects, attend briefings and hearings, and assist with maintaining data bases. Interns will also work on a policy proposal under the guidance of staff and will present their policy proposal at the end of their internship.
Interns will also have the chance to attend briefings independently and on the behalf of staff. At the end of the internship, interns will have a firm understanding of how Capitol Hill works, a bespoke policy proposal, and full understanding of how the legislative process works.
 MEM-015-18
Page 5 of 8

 MEM-011-18
Required Skills
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn
Application instructions
Please email your resume and available start date to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.
The Committee on House Administration Democratic staff is currently seeking a full-time, unpaid intern for the 2018 Spring Semester. Interns will have various responsibilities in assisting staff with administrative duties, franking, and legislative research. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting franking requests, compiling hearing materials, and assisting with front office duties. Candidates must exhibit strong writing, communication and organizational skills. Spanish fluency is a plus. Please send a resume and brief writing sample in PDF format to Sydney.burns@mail.house.gov with “Spring Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Washington, D.C. team for a full-time or part-time, unpaid internship during spring 2018, for a duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hard- working intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous internship and/or work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e- mail a one-page writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to capuano.intern1@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Chris Smith (NJ-04) is seeking applicants for an unpaid internship in the Washington, DC office for spring 2018. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, attending hearings and briefings, sorting and distributing mail, drafting correspondence, and assisting with research tasks. Candidates should possess strong writing and communications skills as well as attention to detail. All majors are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume, writing sample, and a list of references to NJ04.scheduling@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship 2018” in the subject line.
 MEM-010-18
 MEM-009-18
 Page 6 of 8

MEM-007-18
Congressman Erik Paulsen’s office is currently accepting applications for unpaid internships in the Washington, D.C. office.
A Congressional internship offers applicants an exciting opportunity to support staff while learning about the daily operations of the Legislative branch. Interns will assist the staff with constituent services, communications, administrative tasks, and legislative research. Congressman Paulsen’s Internship Program is designed primarily for the educational benefit of the participant. Interns working in the District Office have the opportunity to contribute to the office’s interaction with the surrounding community through constituent services, local events, and community meetings. Interns in the Washington, D.C. Office will gain insight into the federal government and the legislative process by working closely with staff and attending hearings and briefings. Candidates should have a strong work ethic, be highly organized and motivated, and possess a positive attitude.
This internship is unpaid. College credit, if applicable, will be provided. MN ties preferred but not required. Qualified applicants should send their cover letter and resume to Peter Dudziak at Peter.Dudziak@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-006-18
The Office of Congresswoman Susan Davis is seeking full and part time interns for the Winter/Spring term in our Washington D.C. office. Great candidates are passionate about Democratic issues, great communicators, and flexible. Duties include letter writing, research opportunities, and constituent contact. Internship candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per week. Internship applications are evaluated on a rolling basis for fall, spring and summer sessions. While we encourage all enthusiastic and hard-working applicants, being a constituent of California’s 53rd District is a plus!
  MEM-004-18
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume and a list of three references with the subject line “Winter 2018 Internship” to our Intern Coordinator at ca53dcinternapp@mail.house.gov. Ties to San Diego and the CA- 53rd District are preferred but not required. This position is for the Spring Semester/Winter Quarter.
Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) has immediate openings for unpaid full- time and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast- paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter –
Page 7 of 8

 MEM-002-18
including desired start date, and a 1-2 page writing sample to Lujan.Tours@mail.house.gov.
Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking full or part-time congressional interns for her Washington, D.C. office for Winter 2018 (mid-January to May). This internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fast- paced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be motivated, detail-oriented and possess strong communication and writing skills. Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter with the subject line “Winter Internship” to timothy.huebner@mail.house.gov.
 Page 8 of 8
