 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 18, 2019
 MEM-148-19
Congresswoman Elaine Luria (D-VA), member of the Armed Services Committee and the Veterans Affairs Committee seeks interns for her Washington DC office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible and detailed oriented with immediate availability. Virginia ties are a plus but not required. Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phones, leading Capitol tours, up-keeping mail databases, writing memo’s, and assigned duties from full time staff. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills.
Please email your resume, cover letter, available start date, and weekly availability to Jonah.kim@mail.house.gov
  MEM-147-19
The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking highly motivated interns for Summer 2019 (starting mid-May 2019). Qualified candidates will be dependable team players capable of excelling in a fast-paced office and will possess strong writing, editing, verbal communication, and organizational skills. Experience with research is a plus since there are opportunities to work with Legislative Assistants on relevant issues. This position’s responsibilities include serving as a primary contact with constituents, greeting visitors, providing Capitol Tours, and assisting with projects assigned from other staff members.
 Page 1 of 14

These projects often include assisting with data entry or drafting correspondence. Interns will have the ability to attend Capitol Hill briefings, hearings, and other informative events that are available. Interns will also have the opportunity to gain professional and educational experience while learning more about Congress and the legislative process. Wisconsin ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and dates of availability to maryah.thompson@mail.house.gov with “Summer 2019 Internship” in the subject line.
  MEM-146-19
The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a press intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation for Summer 2019 (starting May 31st, 2019). Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing, event planning, social media, graphic design, and photography skills, and be able to work on tight deadlines. Selected candidates will also be expected to perform standard administrative duties.
Intern responsibilities include:
* Social media content development
* Event photography
* Compiling press clips
* Clipping videos
* Creating graphics
* Drafting press releases
* Answering phones
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and dates of availability to GwenMoorePress.Moore@mail.house.gov with “Summer 2019 Press Internship” in the subject line. We also recommend, but do not require, applicants submit 1-3 sample graphics.
  MEM-145-19
The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski (NJ-07) is currently seeking qualified candidates for an unpaid internship for Summer 2019 in the Washington D.C. office. This internship runs from May to August, but considers the availability of the applicant. Ideal candidates will be professional, motivated, a team player, and be able to show strong written and verbal communication skills. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, assist with writing constituent correspondence, Capitol tours, attending Congressional hearings and briefings, assisting legislative staff and producing press clips. Interns will work closely with legislative staff on interested issue areas and assist with the Congressman’s committee work.
Applicants should be able to commit to a part-time schedule (15-25 hours per week). Applicants with New Jersey ties and have previous internship/ work experience are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, writing sample (1 page only), and available dates in a single PDF document to nj07.interns@mail.house.gov with “(Last name) - Unpaid Summer Internship” in the subject line by April 1st.
  Page 2 of 14

No calls or drop ins.
 MEM-144-19
The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski (NJ-07) is currently seeking qualified candidates for a paid internship for Summer 2019 in the Washington D.C. office. This internship runs from May to August. Ideal candidates will be professional, motivated, dependable, a team player, and be able to show strong written and verbal communication skills. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, assist with writing constituent correspondence, Capitol tours, attending Congressional hearings and briefings, assisting legislative staff and producing press clips. Interns will work closely with legislative staff on interested issue areas and assist with the Congressman’s committee work.
Applicants must be able to commit to a full-time schedule (35-40 hours per week) and must be enrolled in a college or graduate program to be eligible for the position. Applicants with New Jersey ties, previous internship/ work experience, and receive educational credit are strongly preferred. Start date is in mid-May. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (1 page only) in a single PDF document to nj07.interns@mail.house.gov with “(Last name) - Paid Summer Internship” in the subject line by April 1st.
No calls or drop ins.
  MEM-141-19
California office seeks an energetic and organized full-time paid intern to join the Washington, DC office.
The position’s responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering telephone calls, responding to constituent requests for general information, logging constituent correspondence, and handling other inquiries. Additionally, the position may assist with miscellaneous administrative, legislative, and/or press duties at the request of staff or the Member.
Any interested candidate must be an excellent writer, have a demonstrated interest in press work or legislative issues, be detail-oriented, able to manage multiple and competing tasks, have excellent organizational and proofreading skills, an affinity for multi-tasking, and a good sense of humor.
Spanish language fluency required. California ties and experience using Intranet Quorum (IQ) are strongly preferred, but not required. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
If interested, please email a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and references to CAJobs@mail.house.gov with “Paid Internship” in the subject line.
  Page 3 of 14

MEM-140-19
The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (NJ-01) is seeking qualified interns for our D.C. office for Summer 2019. Intern duties vary on a daily basis, but are all critical to the function of our office. Daily tasks include, but are not limited to, answering phones, responding to constituent requests, compiling research on targeted issues and assisting with staff-led projects. In addition, interns lead Capitol tours, run errands and complete various administrative tasks as needed. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend special events, such as committee hearings, briefings and seminars. Internships run throughout the fall, spring or summer semesters for college students. Although this internship is unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Prospective applications should be highly motivated self-starters, eager to learn about Capitol Hill and the mechanisms of the United States Congress. We are looking for individuals with an excellent work ethic, ability to multitask and most importantly, a willingness to learn. They must demonstrate an ability to produce polished work, to maintain professionalism in a work environment an interest in the legislative process, strong communication skills, and experience using Microsoft Office
Please submit a resume, cover letter and writing sample via email to: beth.stanley@mail.house.gov with “DC Internship” in the subject line.
  MEM-139-19
The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks qualified undergraduate and recent graduate student legislative interns.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Ideal candidates are organized and committed students (and/or recent graduates) eager to join a fast-paced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part- time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
 Page 4 of 14

Applicants may request the Committee’s assistance in receiving credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample (no longer than two pages) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In the subject line, please indicate the program session for which you are applying (e.g. Summer 2019 Legislative Intern Application). In your cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes.
  MEM-138-19
The Office of the Representative Linda Sánchez is currently accepting applications for a full-time internship. Ideal candidates will possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast- paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and dates of availability to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Internship” in the subject line.
  MEM-137-19
“The House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Republican staff is currently accepting applications for full-time internships for the summer 2019 session. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced office, and so we are looking for above all else, a hard worker. Responsibilities of the position include assisting staff with hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research projects, and various other tasks as assigned. The ideal candidate will be organized, task-oriented, and dependable. Candidates should have an interest in learning about the plethora of policy areas covered by the committee’s jurisdiction. Please send a cover letter and resume to transportationgopinternships@gmail.com.”
  MEM-130-19
Congressman Vern Buchanan is looking for looking for full time, unpaid interns for his Washington DC office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible and detailed oriented with immediate availability. Florida ties are a plus but not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phones, leading Capitol tours, up-keeping mail databases, writing memo’s, and assigned duties from full time staff. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills.
 Page 5 of 14

Please email your resume, available start date, and weekly availability to
housegopinternshipFL@outlook.com
  MEM-125-19
U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ), member of the Ways and Means Committee, seeks summer interns for his Washington, DC office. This internship term runs from the start of June through the start of August. Duties include sorting and processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting our press team, and drafting constituent correspondence. Ties to New Jersey are strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the Ways and Means Committee. He holds a leadership position on the Democratic Steering and Policy Committee. This internship is an opportunity to work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. We are very open to interns working in the areas that interest them most and taking on increasing responsibility as the summer progresses. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Christopher Hadad (Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).
All applications are due by April 12th, 2019.
  MEM-124-19
Internship with Senior Foreign Affairs Committee/Financial Services Committee Member
Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-30) seeks highly motivated, professional, and dedicated interns who are passionate about government and politics. Strong oral and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Tasks include answering the phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail, leading Capitol tours, addressing constituent concerns, and attending briefings and supporting staff as needed. Ties to California’s 30th Congressional District are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter and resume to Brads.Interns@mail.house.gov. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age.
We are currently seeking interns for:
Spring: March- June 3 Summer: June- August
  MEM-122-19 Position: California Republican seeks Spring/Summer 2019 Interns
 Page 6 of 14

 Description: California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office, intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid but the office will provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.
 MEM-120-19
The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking undergraduate interns for summer of 2019. Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips. Applicants should be able to start in April/May and commit through July. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov. Please visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Applicants should aim to submit their materials by March 30, 2019.
   MEM-118-19
The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting applications for full-time internships for current vacancies and for the summer 2019 session. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the legislative process and the inner- workings of a congressional committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced front office, answering phones, and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting staff with hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic, team player attitude. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred. Note that Committee internships are unpaid positions. Please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to: var.internship@mail.house.gov
No phone calls or walk-ins please.
  Page 7 of 14

 MEM-117-19
The Office of Congressman Ralph Norman (SC-5) is currently seeking interns for Spring or immediate our Washington D.C. office. Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable and hold strong written and verbal communication skills. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, attending Congressional hearings, assisting the legislative staff, and participating in a legislative project. Internships are unpaid. Successful candidates will be mature, personable, detail-oriented, and self-starters. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. South Carolina ties preferred. Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter, and availability to Kimberly.Hammond@mail.house.gov
  MEM-115-19
The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking full- time interns for Summer of 2019 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates will be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume and availability to patrick.konrath@mail.house.gov.
   MEM-110-19
The office of Congresswoman Kendra Horn (OK-05) is currently accepting applications for our internship program. We are looking for a highly motivated, personable and professional interns. Tasks include answering the phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail, leading Capitol tours, addressing constituent concerns, attending briefings and supporting staff as needed. Our interns are provided with first hand experiences and gain invaluable insight into the legislative process, the importance of casework and the value of constituent and community outreach.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing skills, who pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic and works well on a team. Successful candidates would spend 25-40 hours per week interning in the DC office. Oklahoma ties a plus. Women and minority candidates are particularly encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age.
 Page 8 of 14

To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability with the subject line “Internship Application” to victoria.bautista@mail.house.gov or if you have any further questions.
  MEM-107-19
Capitol Hill internships provide valuable opportunities for college students and new graduates to experience our nation's legislative process first hand. The majority of current Hill staffers, from chiefs of staff to legislative assistants, started off as personal office and committee interns.
Representative Mark Amodei (NV-02) offers the opportunity for college students and recent graduates to participate in internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Successful candidates must have excellent organizational, personal, writing and communication skills. Nevada ties are a plus, but are not required. Special consideration will be given to applicants from Nevada’s 2nd Congressional District or students attending institutions of higher education in Nevada.
Internships can be a great opportunity to learn the legislative process, experience life in Washington, D.C., and see how your government works. Responsibilities include answering phones, providing constituents tours of the U.S. Capitol, legislative research, assisting the communications director, and aiding staff for special projects as needed. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend committee hearings, briefings, and staff meetings. This rewarding experience offers students and recent graduates the opportunity to learn about and contribute to the day-to-day operations of a Congressional office. Furthermore, full-time interns may have to opportunity to receive a monthly stipend.
Currently seeking interns for: Spring: March - May
If you are interested in interning in our Washington, D.C. office, please submit your resume and cover letter to Congressman Mark Amodei’s intern coordinator at: Jessica.Kleitsch@mail.house.gov
The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full-time Interns in our Washington, D.C. office to begin in May. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
  MEM-106-19
Page 9 of 14

  MEM-105-19
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to with “2019 Pocan Summer Internship” in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Spring 2018. The internship is scheduled to run during March through May/June, depending on the availability of the applicant.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and hearings. Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their internship through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with "2018 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek detail- oriented students or recent graduates with a passion for communications to fill press intern positions in the spring, summer, and fall. The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. This position reports to the deputy press secretary and broader communications team. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please fill out all the fields in the following form with “Press” as the internship type: https://oversight.house.gov/about/internships-and-fellowships
The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for legislative and press internships in Washington, DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
internship-application
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-
  Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov
    MEM-091-19
MEM-089-19
  Page 10 of 14

  MEM-023-19
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as necessary.
For Press Interns:
Intern would support Communications Director by drafting written materials such as press releases, creating graphics for social media, tracking media coverage, and assisting with media inquiries and research. Successful candidates will have an interest in politics, communications, and new media, with excellent written communication skills.
If you are interested in a press internship, please include a short writing sample with your application.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning in May, 2019. To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to work in your cover letter.
The office of Congressman Pete Stauber MN-08 is seeking qualified intern applicants for both Spring and Summer of 2019. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Full time interns are preferred but we will accept applicants that wish to work part-time as well. Minnesota ties are preferred but not required to apply. If you are interested send a 1 page cover letter and resume to sam.kaardal@mail.house.gov with “Spring/Summer Internship Application” as the subject. If you would like to learn more about Congressman Stauber you can visit his website.
The Office of Congressman Matt Gaetz (R-FL) is seeking interns for the spring semester in Washington, DC office. Although all internships in all offices are unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. Our interns' responsibilities are varied but substantive. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, run errands, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Congressman Gaetz serves on the Armed Services Committee, Judiciary Committee, and the Budget Committee. Interns will be able to get a broad perspective of these issue
  MEM-021-19
Page 11 of 14

  MEM-010-19
areas and the federal government in action. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Students will leave the internship with a greater understanding of how a Congressional office works, how constituent relationships are forged and maintained, and how the legislative process works. Students should be highly motivated, ready to learn, and eager to work in a fast- paced environment. Please apply by emailing your resume and a cover letter to alexis.dejarnette@mail.house.gov
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for Summer 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please. Applications must be received by COB March 1st. To apply, email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and cover letter listing your availability to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming spring semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases, answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to PA13.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “ Your Name – DC Internship Application” OR “ Your Name – DISTRICT Internship Application” in the subject line. Please note which office you will be applying with in the subject line.
Rep.-elect Antonio Delgado (NY-19) is seeking applicants for a full-time press internship for Winter/Spring 2019. Applicants will ideally be available to work from 8:30 am - 4:30 pm Monday-Friday. Responsibilities will include tracking press coverage, monitoring and drafting social media content, updating and maintaining press contact lists, writing press releases, and other research duties as needed. New York ties are a plus. Please send your resume and cover letter with
  MEM-008-19
  MEM-001-19
Page 12 of 14

  MEM-514-18
the subject line "Press Internship" to pressresumesny19@gmail.com as soon as possible, but no later than close of business on Tuesday, January 8th.
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks a Communications Intern to assist with the Committee’s press operations. Additionally, this intern will be critical to the daily operation of the office and assist with standard administrative duties. The ideal candidate will be detail- oriented, creative, able to work under tight deadlines, reliable, and have excellent writing and communications skills. Familiarity with social media is strongly desired.
This is a paid, full-time position. Please send resume, cover letter, and writing sample to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov with “Communications Intern” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently seeking undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for the Spring of 2019. Specifically, we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the education policy team and graduate and legal interns and fellows for the labor policy team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips. Applicants should be able to start in January and commit through April/May. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship applicant information form to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. If you are applying for a graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short, relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Applicants should aim to submit their materials by November 2, 2018.
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office in August. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests. Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
  MEM-359-18
    MEM-316-18
Page 13 of 14

are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter
and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov
  Page 14 of 14
