 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 8, 2019
 MEM-291-19
The Office of Congresswoman Madeleine Dean (PA-04) seeks motivated, detail- oriented, and energetic individuals for internships in Washington, DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, creating graphics for social media, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Positions are available beginning in August 2019. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to pa04applications@gmail.com with the phrase “Internship Application” in the subject line. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship. Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required.
  Page 1 of 16

MEM-288-19
New England Democratic office is currently seeking interns for Fall 2019. Serving as an intern in the Congressman’s Washington, DC office is an exciting opportunity to work closely alongside staff and develop professional skills in a Congressional office setting.
An internship in the Washington, DC office encompasses a variety of tasks and assignments such as answering phones, greeting visitors, giving tours, writing letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be assigned to work with the legislative team and outreach staff to assist with legislation, special projects, writing, and/or research.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written communications skills. Schedule is flexible and stipends may be available. New England ties preferred. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
To apply for an internship, please email your resume, cover letter introducing yourself, and one short writing sample (no longer than two pages) to Oliver.Edelson@mail.house.gov with “[Last Name] Internship Application – [Season] [Year]” in the subject line. In your email, please specify your dates of availability.
  MEM-287-19
Congresswoman Madeleine Dean (PA-04), member of the House Judiciary Committee, is accepting applications for a legal fellowship position in her Washington D.C. office. Positions are available starting in August, and applications will be considered on a rolling basis. This fellowship will provide a valuable, hands-on experience in a Congressional office and a greater understanding of the legislative process. Fellows will work closely with an active legislative team and will be expected to produce high-level content under tight deadlines.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, conducting policy research, drafting legislation, memos and briefs, assisting staff with preparation for Committee hearings and attending hearings and briefings. Fellows should expect to work on a variety of issue areas including matters before the House Judiciary and Financial Services Committees. Qualified applicants should have excellent research and writing skills, the ability to perform under pressure, interest in the legislative process, a professional demeanor and a collegial attitude.
This is an excellent opportunity for current law school students seeking substantive Capitol Hill experience. No undergraduate students will be considered. Part-time applicants are encouraged.
This is fellowship is unpaid and is for school credit only. Pennsylvania ties are preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter and a short writing sample to pa04applications@gmail.com with “Legal
  Page 2 of 16

Fellowship” in the subject line. Applicants must include their proposed start/end dates and availability in the email application. Please, no calls or walk-ins.
 MEM-286-19
Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for his Fall 2019 internship program in his Washington, D.C. office. He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated, detail-oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest.
Responsibilities will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on various projects. Candidates with particular policy interests in natural resources, forest management, transportation and infrastructure, healthcare, and juvenile justice should apply. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
westerman.internship@yahoo.com
  MEM-285-19
U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ), member of the Ways and Means Committee, seeks fall interns for his Washington, DC office. This internship term runs from the start of August through the start of December. Duties include sorting and processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting our press team, and drafting constituent correspondence. Ties to New Jersey are strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the Ways and Means Committee. He holds a leadership position on the Democratic Steering and Policy Committee. This internship is an opportunity to work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. We are very open to interns working in the areas that interest them most and taking on increasing responsibility as the summer progresses.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Bob Evans (bob.evans@mail.house.gov).
All applications are due by July 19th, 2019
  MEM-284-19 Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-17) has Fall 2019 openings for full and part-time congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning in August/September, and a preference for those who can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania ties are a plus but are not required.
 Page 3 of 16

Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skill, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged to apply. There is a stipend and transit benefits are fully reimbursable.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov
  MEM-283-19
Congressman Dwight Evans (PA-03) is seeking highly motivated interns for the Fall of 2019. Strong communication skills required. Must be dependable and a team player. Duties include answering constituent phone calls and inquiries, attending congressional briefings and hearings, conducting research for legislative staff, compiling press clips for the communications team, and leading Capitol tours. Interns will gain valuable professional experience and inside knowledge of the legislative process on Capitol Hill.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Philadelphia or Pennsylvania ties preferred but not required. Qualified candidates should send a resume and cover letter to Matthew.Holcombe@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2019 Internship.”
  MEM-282-19
Congressman Greg Gianforte of Montana is seeking full-time paid interns for Fall 2019. This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to gain hands-on office experience while learning about the legislative process. Interns will assist in the daily operations of the Congressional office, research legislation, and interface with constituents by phone, email, and in person. The successful candidates will be self-starters who work well in a high-performance environment. This is a low-turnover office committed to the professional development of its staff and interns and will aid the successful candidates as they seek permanent paid positions on the Hill or other employment.
The successful candidates receive a stipend of $1,800 per month for up to 120 days. The deadline to apply is Friday, July 26.
To apply, send resume and cover letter to brian.wemple@mail.house.gov
  MEM-281-19
Congressman Hakeem Jeffries (NY-08) is accepting applications for a legal fellowship position in his Washington D.C. office. Positions are available starting in August, and applications will be considered on a rolling basis. This fellowship will provide a valuable, hands-on experience in a Congressional office and a greater understanding of the legislative process. Fellows will work closely with an active legislative team and will be expected to produce high-level content under tight deadlines.
 Page 4 of 16

 Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, conducting policy research, drafting legislation, memos and briefs, assisting staff with preparation for Committee hearings and attending hearings and briefings. Fellows should expect to work on a variety of issue areas including matters before the House Judiciary and Budget Committees. Qualified applicants should have excellent research and writing skills, the ability to perform under pressure, interest in the legislative process, a professional demeanor and a collegial attitude.
This is an excellent opportunity for current law school students and recent law school graduates seeking substantive Capitol Hill experience. No undergraduate students will be considered. Full-time availability is preferred, though part-time applicants will be considered.
Opportunities for school credit are available, and a stipend will be provided to qualifying Fellows. New York ties are preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter and a short writing sample to newyork08resumes@gmail.com with “Legal Fellowship” in the subject line. Applicants must include their proposed start/end dates and availability in the email application. Please, no calls or walk-ins.
 MEM-280-19
“A Midwest Republican House Member is seeking paid interns for the Fall 2019 session in his Capitol Hill office. The spring session dates are August 26th- December 13th, but more flexibility can be offered. The internship schedule is also flexible to accommodate classes. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to the Midwest are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Dylan.Jones@mail.house.gov before August 2nd. Please specify what your internship schedule may look like, including preferred start/end dates.”
  MEM-278-19
“Congresswoman Elaine Luria (VA-02), Member of the House Armed Services Committee and House Veterans Affairs Committee in which Chair of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee, seeks full time interns for her Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible and detailed oriented with availability from August 26th – December 13th. Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phones, leading Capitol tours, up-keeping mail databases, writing
 Page 5 of 16

memo’s, and assigned duties from full time staff. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills.
Virginia ties are preferred, but not required. Women, minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons are encouraged to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter to VA02DC.Interns@mail.house.gov.”
  MEM-276-19
Midwest Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in the Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent constituent service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general office administrative duties.
The successful candidate must be courteous and work well in a team environment. Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to NE.01@mail.house.gov with "Fall Intern” in the subject line.
  MEM-275-19
The Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark [MA-05] is currently seeking full-time & part-time paid interns for Fall of 2019 in her Washington, D.C. office. Qualified applicants should have strong oral & written communication skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, the willingness to work in a fast-paced environment, and be comfortable assisting constituents. A sound knowledge of Microsoft Office, a solid work ethic as well as a basic understanding of the political process in Congress is expected.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: answering and screening phone calls, leading capitol tours, working with staff to research legislative issues and process information, attending congressional briefings, assisting with administrative tasks, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the communications team with various tasks, and other projects as they arise.
Full-time and part-time positions are available beginning in August 2019. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to RepClarkInternships@mail.house.gov. Please indicate availability and expected start date.
  MEM-274-19
Conservative Midwestern member of the House seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for internships in Washington, DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Missouri/Midwestern ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
 Page 6 of 16

constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the Communications Director with drafting talking points, creating graphics for social media, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time internship positions are available beginning in August 2019. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to Trevor.Ray@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the subject line.
  MEM-273-19
The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking highly motivated interns for Fall 2019 (starting at the beginning of August 2019). This is a paid internship. Qualified candidates will be dependable team players, capable of excelling in a fast-paced office, and will possess strong writing, editing, verbal communication, and organizational skills. Experience with research is a plus since there are opportunities to work with the legislative staff on relevant issues.
This position’s responsibilities include serving as a primary contact with constituents, greeting visitors, providing Capitol Tours, and assisting with projects assigned from other staff members. These projects often include assisting with data entry or drafting correspondence. Interns will have the ability to attend Capitol Hill briefings, hearings, and other informative events that are available. Interns will also have the opportunity to gain professional and educational experience while learning more about Congress and the legislative process. Wisconsin ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and dates of availability to maryah.thompson@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2019 Internship” in the subject line.
  MEM-272-19
Congresswoman Lauren Underwood (IL-14) is delighted to announce fall internship opportunities in her Washington, DC and West Chicago, IL offices. Internships are designed to offer students and recent graduates direct participation in public service through supporting our offices' constituent engagement and services, administrative responsibilities, and research.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, assist with correspondence, coordinate and conduct tours, research legislation, assist with constituent casework, and attend hearings and briefings on various issues. Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, flexible, and possess the ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Fall internships are available from mid-August through mid-December, with start and end dates tailored to accommodate an academic calendar year. Internship hours run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. on weekdays. Please note that interns are
 Page 7 of 16

expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per week. A limited number of paid positions are available for internship applicants who are not sponsored by outside organizations.
To apply, please submit a single PDF including your resume, cover letter, and writing sample of your choice to IL14.Internship@gmail.com by August 1, 2019. Preference will be given to applicants with ties to the Illinois 14th.
For questions about internships please email IL14.Internship@gmail.com, or call our office (202) 225-2976.
   MEM-271-19
The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time Interns for the Washington, D.C. office starting at the end of August or beginning of September. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2019 Pocan Fall Internship” in the subject line. Deadline to apply is August 1st.
For further information regarding the internship and scholarship programs, please see the internship page on our website at: https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/
    MEM-270-19
The Office of Congressman Daniel Lipinski (IL-03) is currently seeking interns for the fall semester in the Washington D.C. office. Prospective interns should have a love for politics and the legislative process, a desire to learn, and a willingness to work hard in this fast-paced office. Day to day intern responsibilities include: drafting constituent correspondence, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, working with legislative staff on policy issue research, attending briefings and hearings, and answering phones. Interns will work closely with legislative staff and will be given all the tools necessary to learn to become a congressional staffer by the end of the internship.
Applications can be submitted via email to IL03StaffAssistant@mail.house.gov. Applications are due by July 28th. A complete application should include a cover
  Page 8 of 16

letter, resume and one short writing sample of 2-3 pages. Please be sure the application includes your name, contact information, university, year of graduation, dates you are available, and your intended work schedule (full time or part time). Third District of Illinois ties are preferred. Please no drop ins.
 MEM-269-19
Congressman Ed Perlmutter seeks a legislative intern to conduct administrative duties in his Washington, DC office. The successful candidate must be a strong team player, polite and friendly with constituents, and willing to assist other staff members in various items. Colorado connections are highly preferred.
Primary Responsibilities: Responsible for greeting guests, taking/distributing messages appropriately, taking care of general office needs, writing memos and letters to constituents, attending briefings for staff and performing back-up duties as necessary. This person will also be expected as needed to conduct personal tours for constituents and assist them on their visit to D.C. Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Communicate with constituents over the phone. •Conduct personal tours of the Capitol.
•Interact with constituent outreach program, Fire Side. •Attend hearings and briefings for staff.
•Respond to constituent requests for information.
•Perform general administrative duties.
•Sit in on meetings with staff and outside organizations.
•Work with other staff members on writing letters to constituents.
•Intern Project: Research legislation and pitch co-sponsorship to Congressman Perlmutter.
The deadline for consideration for a summer internship is July 20, 2019. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter via email to John.mcinerney@mail.house.gov. There is a stipend available for Congressional interns provided they comply with our professional guidelines and can complete the given number of hours (Full-Time)
  MEM-268-19
Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking unpaid interns for Fall 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required. To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to: Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
  Page 9 of 16

CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; •good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests, including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor
 MEM-267-19
Member of the U.S. House of Representatives is currently seeking full time interns to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2019 term from late August to December. Responsibilities include reporting on hearings and briefings, tracking actions on the House floor, researching legislation before the House, giving tours of the U.S. Capitol to visitors, and answering and recording phone calls from constituents, among other duties.
Those interested should send a resume and cover letter that includes availability to HouseRepsInternship@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2019 Internship Application” in the subject line by August 1, 2019. The position is open to current college students or recent graduates. Applicants able to work full-time and for the full duration of the Fall 2019 term are strongly preferred.
  MEM-266-19
“The Office of Congressman Dean Phillips is currently accepting applications for Fall interns for his Washington DC office. Interns in our Washington DC office will gain first hand experience with the legislative process and other functions of a congressional office. You’ll work closely with our legislative, communications or scheduling staff depending on your track and interests. All interns will be paired with a staff mentor in their area of interest and will leave our office with a revised and reviewed resume and cover letter, as well as receive informational interview training.
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include: conducting policy research to be used for floor speeches, memos, committee hearings and other legislative
 Page 10 of 16

business, monitoring press coverage of the Member, current events and House business, and managing constituent correspondence over the phone, mail, and e- mail. Full- and part-time internships are available. Interns are expected to work at least 15 hours per week, with at least one full day. Hours are flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
While Congressman Phillips’ encourages all individuals to apply, applicants with ties to Minnesota will be given preference. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Dean Phillips, send your resume, cover letter and a 1-2 page writing sample to phillips.interns@mail.house.gov. Please include the days and times you will be available to intern, your desired start date, and any requirements your school has in order for you to receive credit in your cover letter. Please format the subject line of your email “DC - First Name Last Name - Fall.”
  MEM-265-19
The Democratic staff of the House Committee on the Judiciary is seeking a motivated digital intern for a summer position. This digital internship program includes the production of high-quality web graphics and videos, as well as rapid response work, filming/post production editing, manual photography, and livestreaming events.
Candidates must possess strong technical skills, advanced creativity and artistic ability, and a high level of attention to detail. Experience in Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Premier Pro, After Effects, LightRoom, InDesign, and Audition a plus. Experience in HTML and CSS a serious plus.
Must be a team player and have a strong work ethic. Willingness to take initiative, generate creative ideas, and the ability to work under deadline pressure a must. Email portfolio and resume to JudPress.Intern@mail.house.gov with DIGITAL INTERN in the subject line.
  MEM-262-19
The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for internships in Washington, DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the
 Page 11 of 16

Communications Director with drafting talking points, creating graphics for social media, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning in September 2019. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to work in your cover letter.
  MEM-261-19
A senior-ranking Republican member on the Committee of Ways & Means is seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships for Fall of 2019. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. D.C. responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings. Florida ties are strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to housegopinternshipfl@outlook.com. No phone calls or drop-ins will be considered.
  MEM-260-19
The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking full- time paid interns for Fall of 2019 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates will be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Interns are paid a monthly stipend.
The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to wi06resumes@gmail.com
   MEM-257-19
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Sean Casten (IL-06) is seeking candidates for a paid internship for Fall of 2019. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings, and working on special projects.
Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team and have strong attention to detail.
Interested applicants should visit the Congressman’s website https://casten.house.gov/services/internships/ or email
  Page 12 of 16

Casten.Internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line. Please fill out the provided applications and attach a resume and cover letter. If you believe you are eligible for financial assistance, please also explain in 2-3 paragraphs as to why you believe you should receive assistance.
Applications due by July 15th at midnight. No drop ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation. Full and part-time candidate with Illinois ties are preferred.
Do not hesitate to contact the office if you have any questions regarding our internship program, 202-225-4561.
  MEM-255-19
The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting applications for full-time internships for the fall 2019 session. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional committee.
Interns will be working in a fast-paced front office, answering phones, and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting staff with hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research projects, and various other tasks as assigned.
Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic, team player attitude. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred. Note that Committee internships are unpaid positions. Please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to: var.internship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
  MEM-254-19
The Democratic Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks full or part-time, unpaid Legal Interns for a mid-August or early September start date, running through the end of the 2019 calendar year. Responsibilities may include conducting legislative research, attending briefings and hearings for staff, preparing and assembling materials for Committee hearings and events, and other tasks as assigned or needed.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have excellent writing and communications skills. An interest in environmental law is strongly desired; this internship is geared towards those in 2L or 3L programs.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Fall Legal Intern” in the subject line by July 10, 2019. Please include your approximate dates of availability in the message, and how many days per week you would be available. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins please.
   Page 13 of 16

 MEM-253-19
The Democratic Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks full or part-time, unpaid Interns for a mid-August or early September start date, running through the end of the 2019 calendar year. Responsibilities may include conducting administrative tasks for the committee, attending briefings and hearings for staff, conducting research projects, preparing and assembling materials for Committee hearings and events, and other tasks as assigned or needed.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have excellent writing and communications skills. An interest in environmental, climate change, or science policy is strongly desired.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Fall Intern” in the subject line by July 10, 2019. Please include your approximate dates of availability in the message, and how many days per week you would be available. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins please.
  MEM-251-19
Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01), a Senior Member of the Energy and Commerce Committee and Natural Resources Committee, seeks undergraduate or graduate students for full-time or part-time internships in her Washington, D.C. office. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research assistance to the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have strong communication skills and an interest in the legislative process. Colorado ties are preferred but not required. The ideal candidate will be able to intern at least two full days per week. Interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to Blaise.Hokkanen@mail.house.gov
   MEM-249-19
“The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate-level students, as well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for a Fall 2019 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives.
Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone inquiries and providing support to all Committee staff. Background in science is a plus.
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter to house.science.committee@mail.house.gov.”
  Page 14 of 16

MEM-248-19
The office of Congressman Larry Bucshon (IN-08) is currently seeking applicants for internships in the Congressman’s D.C. office for the fall of 2019. Duties include drafting constituent correspondence, greeting constituents and answering phones, performing legislative research, leading tours of the Capitol, attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff.
We’re looking for college students or recent graduates who are motivated, detail- orientated, and ready to work in a fast paced setting. A positive attitude and an interest in politics are a must. District 8 or Indiana ties are preferred but not required.
Please email a resume & cover letter describing your interest in the position to
connor.roberts@mail.house.gov
   MEM-246-19
Congressman Andy Levin (D-MI) is seeking a Digital Media Intern for a temporary paid position in his Washington, D.C. office. The intern will assist with the greater communications operation, but will focus on digital media content creation. Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to social media content generation, website maintenance, analytics, photography, videography, media monitoring and staffing the member.
Candidates will have a keen eye for design, a desire to grow and learn in the political communications space, knowledge of graphic design and video editing, a positive attitude and a sense of humor.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, a writing sample, graphic design sample and a link to a video using the subject line “Digital Media Intern” to MI09.Resumes@gmail.com
   MEM-241-19
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks a full-time, paid interns for the fall semester. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters. Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at https://science.house.gov/contact/internships. Please fill out the provided application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
  MEM-240-19 The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Frank Lucas (OK-3) is seeking candidates for a paid internship for Fall of 2019. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering
 Page 15 of 16

phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings, and working on special projects. Oklahoma ties are strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to Jacob.Rainbolt@mail.house.gov, with "Internship Application" in the subject line.
    Page 16 of 16
