 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-393-17
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 23, 2017
Rep. Yvette D. Clarke (NY-09) is seeking an unpaid fall 2017 full-time or part- time health fellow available to start now. Fellows will gain firsthand knowledge on a range of healthcare issues within the Energy and Commerce’s jurisdiction. Responsibilities include aiding in preparation for hearings, research, writing and editing and meeting with healthcare stakeholders. Successful candidates will be dependable, organized and possess exceptionally strong written and verbal communications skills.
Candidates must have or be in the process of obtaining a graduate degree in Public Health, Health Policy or Health Administration. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply.
Please send your resume, a cover letter and a writing sample (5 pages max.) to: ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke (NY-09) seeks an unpaid press and digital intern to assist a fast-paced communications operation. Qualified candidates
 MEM-392-17
Page 1 of 15

 MEM-391-17
should have an interest in communications, strong computer skills, and good writing and editing abilities.
Specific tasks include:
• Helping put together our monthly e-newsletter;
• Assisting with media monitoring and building press lists;
• Drafting press releases and related media materials;
• Developing social media content and graphics;
• Conducting research for communications and legislative staff; and • Answering phones and writing constituent correspondence
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply.
Please send your resume, a cover letter and a writing sample (5 pages max.) to: ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking candidates for a full-time internship for the 2018 spring semester in her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be highly motivated, detail oriented, and possess communication and organization skills, while having a strong work ethic to complete tasks on a deadline. Duties will include: answering phones, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, giving Capitol Tours, assisting the Communications staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on various issues before the House. To apply, please submit your resume & cover letter to faith.ammen@mail.house.gov.
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is seeking interns for the spring semester. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters. Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the provided application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
Vice Chairman of House Foreign Affairs Committee and House Armed Services Committee Member seeking Military Affairs Intern.
The Office of Congressman Paul Cook (CA-District 8), Vice Chairman of House Foreign Affairs Committee and member of House Armed Services Committee and House Natural Resources Committee, is pleased to announce vacancy for the position of Intern to begin August 2017 or as soon as possible. This opportunity
 MEM-390-17
 MEM-389-17
Page 2 of 15

 MEM-388-17
will provide college level students and recent graduates hands on work with legislation regarding foreign policy, international relations, military affairs, and defense policy in a moderate Republican office. Interns will learn about the intricacies of the legislative branch and how the House of Representatives operates by attending hearings with the Congressman and preparing key research and legislation that the Congressman will review, in addition to other tasks listed below.
Responsibilities:
• Explore policy ideas and perform research projects
• Attend Congressional Hearings
• Work with staff on legislative research and drafting
• Answering telephones
• Lead constituent tours
• Other tasks as needed
Qualifications:
• Good oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work in a group or with constituents and remain professional
and courteous at all times
• Good organizational skills
• Responsible and dependable • Eager to learn attitude
If you would like to apply for our internship program please contact our Intern Coordinator, Bert Johnson, at Bert.Johnson@mail.house.gov with your Resume and availability range.
Vice Chairman of House Foreign Affairs Committee seeking Foreign Affairs Intern
The Office of Congressman Paul Cook (CA-District 8), Vice Chairman of House Foreign Affairs Committee and member of House Armed Services Committee and House Natural Resources Committee, is pleased to announce vacancy for the position of Intern to begin August 2017 or as soon as possible. This opportunity will provide college level students and recent graduates hands on work with legislation regarding foreign policy, international relations, military affairs, and defense policy in a moderate Republican office. Interns will learn about the intricacies of the legislative branch and how the House of Representatives operates by attending hearings with the Congressman and preparing key research and legislation that the Congressman will review, in addition to other tasks listed below.
Responsibilities:
• Explore policy ideas and perform research projects • Attend Congressional Hearings
Page 3 of 15

 MEM-386-17
• Work with staff on legislative research and drafting
• Answering telephones
• Lead constituent tours
• Other tasks as needed
Qualifications:
• Good oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work in a group or with constituents and remain professional
and courteous at all times
• Good organizational skills
• Responsible and dependable • Eager to learn attitude
If you would like to apply for our internship program please contact our Intern Coordinator, Bert Johnson, at Bert.Johnson@mail.house.gov with your Resume and availability range.
U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ) seeks spring semester interns for his Washington, DC office. This internship term runs from January through May. Duties include sorting and processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, and drafting constituent correspondence. This internship is unpaid. Ties to New Jersey are strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the Ways and Means Committee and as the Ranking Member on the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Christopher Hadad (Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).
The Office of Congressman David Price is currently accepting applications for our spring internship program running from January 2017 through the beginning of May. This position requires greeting guests and constituents, answering phone calls, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent correspondence letters, writing legislative memos, and assisting in general day to day activities. While unpaid, this position ensures a wonderful work environment and will strengthen your understanding of Congress and Washington.
The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of
major. Qualified candidates will be hard working, possess strong written and oral skills, and have the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested candidates should submit their application here: https://price.house.gov/kids- students/internships Should you have any questions, please reach out to our office via email at nc04.intern@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-385-17
   Page 4 of 15

MEM-384-17
Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with legislative, policy and administrative support. The individual is required to demonstrate exceptional research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Performs legislative and policy research.
• Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups
by: o Researching background on witnesses and hearing topics. o Finalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff. o Delivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
• Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee.
• Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
o Answering Phones
o General office tidiness and maintenance
• Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and
policy negotiations, discussions and other activities.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least a sophomore in college. Coursework and experience in Political Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related field is preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written communication skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines. Must be familiar with Microsoft Office.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to elise.phillips@mail.house.gov.
The Washington, DC office of Congressman McKinley (WV-01) is seeking a motivated, flexible, and reliable intern to fill fall and spring positions. Ideal candidates will be in their undergraduate or graduate careers Successful candidates will possess strong written and oral communication skills, organization, an ability to multi-task, resilience in a fast paced environment, and an interest in learning about the political process. West Virginia ties are preferable.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent calls, emails, sorting mail, helping with legislative projects, processing flag and tour requests, composing and editing letters, and other projects. We are looking for both legislative and communications interns. Please specify your preference in your email.
This is an unpaid position, however networking opportunities, resume and skill building, as well as experience all make this a worthwhile position.
 MEM-383-17
Page 5 of 15

 MEM-381-17
This is a rolling position, flexible to meet your availability and start dates. It’s ideal for a local or state student or a recent graduate looking to gain some traction in Washington, DC and in politics, energy, labor, and other areas.
If interested, please contact my DC office at 202-225-4172 or my staff assistant at Eleanor.weaver@mail.house.gov. Please send a resume and a brief email cover letter about why you are an appropriate candidate.
The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking unpaid legislative interns for the Spring Semester. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, and event support.
Intern duties will include assisting with administrative and legislative tasks, answering phones, processing mail, providing capitol tours, and attending briefings. Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject field.
The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking an unpaid press intern to assist with fast-paced communications operation for Spring 2017. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, event support, social media (esp. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) and photography.
Intern duties may include:
- Daily press clips
- Answering phones
- Drafting documents for distribution to media
- Messaging & interview prep documents
- Social media content development
- Event photography
- ...and more!
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship” in the subject field.
The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary responsibilities include supporting the Committee’s operations, managing mail and manning the front desk, as well as assisting with Committee hearings. Interns
 MEM-380-17
 MEM-379-17
Page 6 of 15

 MEM-378-17
may also be asked to assist with investigative research or other projects as needed. Applications are currently being accepted for Winter and Spring interns. To apply please send your cover letter, resume and 2-3-page writing sample to oversight.democrats@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Internship.”
The Majority House Committee on the Budget is now accepting applications for spring 2018 internships.
As an intern with the House Budget Committee, you will provide vital support by assisting Committee staff in assignments that include, but are not limited to: compiling the daily Budget News Clips, sorting and processing mail, answering the phones, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special projects.
Full and part-time positions are available to students currently enrolled in school or recent graduates. College students pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics major, or those interested in government, are encouraged to apply. Internships during the school year last a full semester. Course credit may be available through your school. Paid internships are available for interns who are not receiving course credit through their university.
Please complete and return the application, along with your resume, cover letter, and a one page writing sample in a single PDF document to budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The link to download the application is located at https://budget.house.gov/about/internships/.
Rep. Chuck Fleischmann (TN-03) is taking applications for Spring 2017 interns in his Washington, D.C. office. Interns assist the Staff Assistant with daily operations, including greeting constituents, answering telephones, and giving Capitol tours. Interns will also assist legislative and press staff with special projects related to constituent mail, research, and media outreach. The internship is unpaid. For more information or to apply, please visit http://fleischmann.house.gov/services/internships <http://fleischmann.house.gov/services/internships.
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players, and should be able to begin in January 2018. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity to Page 7 of 15
  MEM-377-17
MEM-375-17
  
 MEM-374-17
learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy. Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Spring 2018. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our internship program begins in January until the end of May. First priority will be given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter, a writing sample (3-5 pages) and work availability with the subject line “D.C Spring 2018 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus, but are not required.
Congressman Ruben Kihuen (NV-04) is seeking full- or part-time unpaid interns in his Washington, D.C. office to start immediately. Applicants must be available from mid-November 2017 to mid-January 2018. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional office and gain valuable exposure to the legislative process. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending briefings, compiling daily news clips, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess a positive attitude, excellent written and oral communication skills, and be able to work independently and within a team. Interested applicants should send their resume to NV04.Internship@mail.house.gov.
Senior Republican Appropriator is seeking full and part-time interns for the winter in our DC office. Interns engage in a variety of tasks, and their responsibilities are assigned based on interests, capabilities, and the needs of the office. Interns will have the opportunity to hone their legislative research and writing skills and work on projects with senior legislative staff; attend hearings and briefings on Capitol Hill; assist with media/communications tasks and gain proficiency in IQ; and participate in our office’s top priority, constituent outreach, by leading tours, greeting visitors, and answering phones. Exceptional interns in the past have received opportunities to write constituent letters and contribute to constituent and staff meetings on and around Capitol Hill with various VIPs. If you are interested in applying for one of the most robust internship programs on the Hill, please submit a cover letter including the reason
 MEM-373-17
 MEM-372-17
Page 8 of 15

you would like an internship in our office, your résumé, two writing samples, and references to NE01internships@gmail.com.
The office of Congressman Bill Shuster (PA-09) is currently accepting applications for spring interns. Candidates should be a self-motivated, team player that is ready to work in a fast-paced environment. Duties include, but are not limited to: opening mail, answering phones, constituent correspondence, attending briefings, assisting with legislative research, and providing aid to staff- members with various projects. The ideal candidate will be a hard-working, detail oriented professional with strong oral and written communication skills. Pennsylvania and district ties are preferred, but not required. Although this position is unpaid, we will work with the student to fulfill requirements for school credit programs. Interested candidates should email PA09jobs@gmail.com with a resume and a cover letter.
The office of Representative Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) seeks full-time interns in his Washington, DC office for the 2017 Winter session, starting as early as November 28th. Ideal candidates possess strong written and verbal communication skills, organizational skills, an attention to detail, and a positive attitude. Main responsibilities include overseeing tour and flag requests, giving tours, attending briefings, helping with graphic design, processing mail and letters, assisting with constituent correspondence, and helping with other office duties. California ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to Courtney.bradway@mail.house.gov.
MEM-366-17
 MEM-371-17
 MEM-369-17
 The Office of Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (NE-01) is accepting applications for a motivated and hardworking Capitol Hill intern in our Washington, DC office. The internship is full-time and unpaid with room for growth.
Interns are responsible for politely greeting front office guests, professionally answering calls, enthusiastically leading Capitol Tours for Nebraskans, assisting the scheduler and staff assistants with administrative office duties, and assisting the communications team with special projects. Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic and thrive in fast-paced environments. Ideal candidates will have strong attention to detail, strong writing abilities, and enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations.
Interested applicants should send a resume with references and writing samples, a cover letter addressed to the Congressman detailing why you want to work for him, and the ideal start and end date with the subject line “Fortenberry Internship” to Diana.Shin@mail.house.gov. Nebraska ties strongly preferred.
  MEM-363-17
The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or part – time interns for the Spring 2018 semester in Washington DC. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
Page 9 of 15

 MEM-362-17
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject line “Spring 2018 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internships.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and
hearings. Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their internship through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with "2017 Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
Democratic Member of Congress seeks applicants for full or part-time unpaid congressional interns for Fall 2017 and Spring 2018. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and administrative tasks. Interns will have the opportunity to attending meetings, hearings, and briefings to remain informed about current legislative
issues. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. New York and Brooklyn ties are ideal. Please send your resume and cover letter to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.
The House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific is seeking candidates for an internship with the Republican majority. Undergraduates, graduate, and recent graduates with a demonstrated interest in U.S. policy towards the Asia-Pacific will be considered. The internship will be full-time.
The Subcommittee intern is expected to be motivated and entrepreneurial, a strong writer and communicator, detail oriented, and able to produce high quality work products under time constraints. Daily duties will include, but are not limited to, conducting background research, database maintenance, fact checking, content editing, and proofreading. The intern will also assist with the preparation and execution of subcommittee hearings, which will include conducting research
 MEM-361-17
MEM-360-17
 Page 10 of 15

  MEM-359-17
MEM-357-17
and analysis, organizing documents for staff and members, and assisting staff in the hearing room.
Proactive interns will be able to take advantage of this opportunity to enhance their knowledge of Asia policy and professional life on Capitol Hill by participation in hearings, briefings, and meetings, as well as other opportunities. Interns are expected to demonstrate a high level of professionalism and reliability. All internships are uncompensated, but staffs are happy to support interns seeking class credit for their work.
Information about the subcommittee’s membership and recent activities can be found at http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/subcommittees/asia-and-pacific.
Interested candidates should send a resume and a cover letter explaining their interest in the subcommittee’s work, qualifications for the position, and hours of availability to hfac.asia.internship@gmail.com.
Compensation: Unpaid
Citizenship: U.S. Citizenship is required
The Office of Congressman Tom MacArthur (NJ-03) is currently seeking full or part-time spring interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: assisting in constituent services, attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research. New Jersey ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should complete the application at https://macarthur.house.gov/. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions for the immediately. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as part of a team
environment. Louisiana/Southern ties are a plus but not required. If you are a student we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for academic credit. Please send a résumé and cover letter in PDF form to LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.
The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04) seeks highly motivated full or part-time intern for Fall 2017, available to start in October.
  MEM-356-17
Page 11 of 15

 MEM-351-17
MEM-350-17
Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will: answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative research. Internships are unpaid, but arrangements may be made to earn academic credit. Interns will also participate in professional development activities within the office.
Please send a resume, cover letter, three professional references and a brief writing sample to OR04.InternCoordinator@mail.house.gov. Candidates with Oregon ties are strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a resume and three writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject “Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns to fill Fall and Spring
positions. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast- paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as
necessary. California ties are a plus.
Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
Robert.Clark@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.
Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) seeks undergraduate or graduate students for full-time or part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, DC office. As a fast-paced office for an active member of the Democratic leadership, we expect a lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess excellent writing and communications skills, strong attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative process. Colorado ties preferred but not required. Interested
  MEM-348-17
Page 12 of 15

 MEM-347-17
applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to CO01.scheduler@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Tom O’Halleran (D-AZ) is seeking interns to join his Washington, D.C. office for the spring 2018 semester.
Interns will have the opportunity to actively follow the legislative process by attending hearings and briefings, and conducting legislative research on behalf of the legislative team. They will work alongside a robust legislative staff to provide constituent services by drafting constituent correspondence, composing memos, answering phone calls and inputting constituent mail. Interns are encouraged to explore their legislative interests and capitalize on the numerous unique opportunities available on the Hill.
Intern Responsibilities include:
• Legislative research
• Attending hearings and briefings
• Inputting and organizing constituent communication
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Guiding tours of the Capitol
• Answering phones and general office duties
Qualified candidates will process a strong interest in policy or communications. They will be self-starters with robust writing and oral skills, as well as a friendly demeanor. Internships can be full or part time, with the opportunity to earn academic credit. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter indicating availability to Maggie.oleary@mail.house.gov. Spring semester candidates should submit their applications by November 1st, 2017.
The office of Congressman Robert Pittenger (R-NC) is currently accepting applications for legislative interns. Candidates should be highly qualified and have excellent writing, research, and interpersonal skills. Ideally, candidates should also be motivated, analytical, and meticulous. This is an unpaid position, but interns will have the opportunity to collaborate with the legislative staff on various projects and regularly attend hearings, briefings, and meetings. Responsibilities also include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, corresponding with constituents, and other miscellaneous tasks for the legislative staff. Internships can be full or part-time with flexible hours to accommodate student course schedules. Academic credit may also be available based on the candidate's academic institution.
Interested candidates should email a resume to Drew.Nirenberg@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Walter B. Jones (NC-03) is currently seeking applicants for an internship in either his Washington, D.C. or Greenville, N.C. office for the Spring 2017 term. Interns in the Washington office help draft
 MEM-345-17
 MEM-341-17
Page 13 of 15

 MEM-325-17
constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, and function as a key part of the staff. Interns also assist with answering phone calls, providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the mail that the office receives. In the state office, interns will interact with constituents, work with federal agencies, and participate in outreach projects in order to resolve problems facing the people of Eastern North Carolina, as well as assist the staff with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fast paced setting. The ideal candidate possesses strong organizational, communication, and writing skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a must. Although the internship is unpaid, you will gain valuable professional experience and an inside look at the lawmaking process on Capitol Hill. Academic credit is available for qualifying students. North Carolina and/or military ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should apply at www.jones.house.gov by November 1st, 2017.
The office of Congressman Buchanan is seeking full time interns for an immediate start as well.
Potential candidates should possess the following
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn
Please email your resume and available start date to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.
About our program:
Our internship program offers interns a chance to learn and work on the hill and see how the highest levels of government work. Interns will assist staff with daily office functions, constituent mail and phone calls, and also take on projects for the legislative staff. Interns will also work on a policy proposal under the guidance of staff and will deliver their policy proposal to staff at the end of their internship. Interns will also have the chance to attend briefings independently and on the behalf of staff. At the end of the internship, interns will have a firm understanding of how Capitol Hill works, a bespoke policy proposal, and full understanding of how the legislative process works.
Congressman John Conyers, Jr. (MI-13), Dean of the House of Representatives, Ranking Member on House Judiciary Committee, and longtime advocate for Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s vision of “Jobs, Justice, and Peace,” seeks full-time or part-time unpaid interns/fellows with interest and/or background in macroeconomic policy, in particular a focus on promoting a full employment economy (see goo.gl/QP5xLV); AND/OR interest and/or background in international relations and a deep commitment to promoting de-escalation of
 MEM-268-17
 Page 14 of 15

conflict abroad through diplomatic engagement. While absolutely not required, grassroots advocacy experience, web design skills, foreign language skills (particularly Spanish, Haitian Creole, Portuguese, Arabic, Russian, or Korean), and/or graduate degrees in a relevant field are preferred. The position will include significant research, writing, event planning, and creative thinking to advance Congressman Conyers’ agenda. This is a policy-oriented position -- administrative tasks will be kept to a minimum. To apply, send a resume and brief cover letter (and, if possible, a brief writing sample on a relevant topic), highlighting your passion, relevant experience, and potential work availability to JobsJusticePeace2017@gmail.com. Women, minorities, immigrants, individuals with disabilities, individuals from economically disadvantaged backgrounds, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. If you are not sure whether you are qualified, but are interested, please do not hesitate to apply.
 Page 15 of 15
