 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-207-17
MEM-206-17
MEM-204-17
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 17, 2017
The Office of Congressman Rod Blum seeks hardworking interns for the Fall of 2017. Candidates must be detail oriented, professional, organized, and able to function in a fast-paced work environment. Duties include guiding tours, attending to constituents, assisting with legislative research, and general office duties. Internship is unpaid. Please send resume and cover letter to Alexah.Rogge@mail.house.gov.
California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the fall 2017 semester. Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips, assist with front office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications and writing skills are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not required. Please submit a cover letter, brief writing sample, and resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.
The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates
  Page 1 of 8

 MEM-202-17
will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary responsibilities include office tasks such as answering phones and handling mail as well as assisting with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist with investigative research or other projects as needed.
Applications are currently being accepted for Fall 2017. To apply please send your cover letter, resume and 2-3-page writing sample to oversight.democrats@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Internship.”
The Office of Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is looking for interns for the 2017 Fall semester (August 28nd-December15th) in our Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates that are motivated, detail- oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing abilities, can multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on various projects. Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Jordan Garcia at Jordan.garcia@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full- time or part-time internship for the Fall of 2017. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Nevada ties are encouraged but not required. Please send resume and cover letter to Catherine.chrobak@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Gerald Connolly seeks applicants for an internship in his Washington D.C. Office for Fall 2017 (August to December). Main responsibilities include (but are not limited to) answering the phones, sorting mail, drafting constituent correspondence, arranging tours, conducting legislative research for staff, attending Congressional hearings with staff, and performing other administrative tasks as needed.
Applicants should be reliable and detail-oriented, and possess a professional and courteous demeanor, strong verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Ties to the 11th District of Virginia are preferred, but not required.
 MEM-201-17
 MEM-198-17
Page 2 of 8

 MEM-197-17
MEM-196-17
MEM-195-17
To apply for this internship please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to va11.internship@mail.house.gov.
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid congressional internship for Fall 2017. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to md06.internships@mail.house.gov by August 1, 2017 with “Fall Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
Congressman Bill Posey (FL-08) is currently seeking highly motivated and organized applicants for a part-time or full-time unpaid internship starting in Mid-August. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, attention to detail, and a positive attitude. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, constituent correspondence, legislative research, and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume to FL.Conservative@mail.house.gov.
The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications for the upcoming 2017 Fall Semester. This is a full-time internship that requires a flexible schedule. Our internship term begins in late August and runs through mid-December. Interns will assist with Caucus meetings, Member outreach, legislative work and data entry. Interns will also handle front office duties such as answering phones, distributing mail, coordinating Capitol tours, and greeting visitors. Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude and a great work ethic. Candidates with prior Hill experience and familiarity with House Democrats are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2017 Fall Democratic Caucus Internship” in the subject line.
Representative Claudia Tenney (NY-22) seeks interns for the Fall Semester. Intern duties include performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing mail, answering telephones, attending hearings and briefings, entering data into Intranet Quorum, processing flag requests, and any other office tasks. Ideal candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written communication skills. College credit is available if necessary. Preference will be given to New York natives and those who have prior experience on Capitol Hill; however, all are encouraged to apply. This internship is unpaid. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Joan.Stanton@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject line.
   MEM-194-17
 Page 3 of 8

MEM-193-17
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the fall semester. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. California ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter and dates of availability to Peter.Durkin@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.
Fall 2017 Internship for the U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Homeland Security (Democratic Staff)
SUMMARY:
Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with legislative, policy and administrative support. The individual is required to demonstrate exceptional research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Performs legislative and policy research.
• Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups
by: o Researching background on witnesses and hearing topics. o Finalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff. o Delivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
• Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee. • Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
o Answering Phones
o General office tidiness and maintenance
• Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and
policy negotiations, discussions and other activities.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least a sophomore in college. Coursework and experience in Political Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related field is preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written communication skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines. Must be familiar with Microsoft Office.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to elise.phillips@mail.house.gov.
Democratic office seeks a highly motivated individual with interest in the legislative process to serve as an unpaid intern in the Washington, D.C. office for the Fall. This position requires an individual to provide excellent constituent service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting visitors, tours
 MEM-190-17
    MEM-189-17
Page 4 of 8

 MEM-187-17
and other information, answering telephone calls and noting constituents’ opinions, maintaining the front office, and general office administrative duties. Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to amber.milenkevich@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Austin Scott (GA-08) is seeking fall interns for the Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending briefings, conducting research on legislation, assisting with constituent correspondence and supporting the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess excellent writing and communication skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a strong attention to detail. Georgia are ties preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should email a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (500 words or less) to amber.webb@mail.house.gov.
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office in August. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests. Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking unpaid legislative interns for the Fall Semester. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, and event support.
Intern duties will include assisting with administrative and legislative tasks, answering phones, processing mail, providing capitol tours, and attending briefings. Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject field.
The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking an unpaid press intern to assist with fast-paced communications operation for Fall 2017. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, event support, social media (esp. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) and photography.
Intern duties may include:
Page 5 of 8
 MEM-186-17
 MEM-185-17
 MEM-184-17

 MEM-183-17
- Daily press clips
- Answering phones
- Drafting documents for distribution to media - Messaging & interview prep documents
- Social media content development
- Event photography
- ...and more!
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, writing sample and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship” in the subject field.
Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast- paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail your resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to lujan.tours@mail.house.gov.
Please also include your possible start date in your email.
The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its Fall 2017 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support. Please note that this is an unpaid internship. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available hours to intern.CHADEM@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship.”
The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Tom Reed is currently seeking full – or part – time interns for the Fall 2017 semester. Ideal candidates should be professional, dependable, and possess strong communication skills. Intern responsibilities include answering phones, giving guided tours of the Capitol,
 MEM-182-17
 MEM-181-17
Page 6 of 8

 MEM-179-17
constituent correspondence, attending hearing and briefings, and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but are a great opportunity to gain professional and educational experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. New York ties are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should send their resume, cover letter, and a writing sample with the subject line “Fall Internship” to alexander.schroder@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart (FL-25) is currently seeking applications for our fall internship program running from August 2017 through the beginning of December. This position requires greeting guests and constituents, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and assisting in general day to day activities. While unpaid, this position will strengthen your understanding of the legislative process and give you firsthand experience of the operations necessary to run a Congressional office. Qualified candidates will be hard working, possess strong written and oral skills, and have the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to Elizabeth.DosSantos@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Fall 2017. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our internship program begins in September until the end of December. First priority will be given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter and work availability with the subject line “Fall 2017 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus, but are not required.
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is seeking interns for the fall semester. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters. Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the provided application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
 MEM-178-17
 MEM-177-17
 Page 7 of 8

MEM-174-17
The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or part – time interns for the Fall 2017 semester in Washington DC. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject line “Fall 2017 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.
 Page 8 of 8
