 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-270-17
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 7, 2017
North Carolina Democratic Member of Congress is currently seeking interns for the Fall Semester in the Washington, DC office. Although all internships in all offices are unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. Our interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Students will be supervised by the DC Office Staff Assistant, who will train them to perform the aforementioned responsibilities. Students will leave the internship with a greater understanding of how a Congressional office works, how constituent relationships are forged and maintained, and how the legislative process works.
Students should be highly motivated, ready to learn, and eager to work in a fast- paced environment.
Page 1 of 23

 MEM-269-17
Please apply by emailing a resume and cover letter to nchousejobs@gmail.com.
The office of Congressman Walter B. Jones (NC-03) is currently seeking applicants for an internship in either his Washington, D.C. or Greenville, N.C. office for the Fall 2017 term. Interns in the Washington office help draft constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, and function as a key part of the staff. Interns also assist with answering phone calls, providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the mail that the office receives. In the state office, interns will interact with constituents, work with federal agencies, and participate in outreach projects in order to resolve problems facing the people of Eastern North Carolina, as well as assist the staff with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fast paced setting. The ideal candidate possesses strong organizational, communication, and writing skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a must. Although the internship is unpaid, you will gain valuable professional experience and an inside look at the lawmaking process on Capitol Hill. Academic credit is available for qualifying students. North Carolina and/or military ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should apply at www.jones.house.gov by August 25, 2017.
Congressman John Conyers, Jr. (MI-13), Dean of the House of Representatives, Ranking Member on House Judiciary Committee, and longtime advocate for Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s vision of “Jobs, Justice, and Peace,” seeks full-time or part-time unpaid interns/fellows with interest and/or background in macroeconomic policy, in particular a focus on promoting a full employment economy (see goo.gl/QP5xLV); AND/OR interest and/or background in international relations and a deep commitment to promoting de-escalation of conflict abroad through diplomatic engagement. While absolutely not required, grassroots advocacy experience, web design skills, foreign language skills (particularly Spanish, Haitian Creole, Portuguese, Arabic, Russian, or Korean), and/or graduate degrees in a relevant field are preferred. The position will include significant research, writing, event planning, and creative thinking to advance Congressman Conyers’ agenda. This is a policy-oriented position -- administrative tasks will be kept to a minimum. To apply, send a resume and brief cover letter (and, if possible, a brief writing sample on a relevant topic), highlighting your passion, relevant experience, and potential work availability to JobsJusticePeace2017@gmail.com. Women, minorities, immigrants, individuals with disabilities, individuals from economically disadvantaged backgrounds, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. If you are not sure whether you are qualified, but are interested, please do not hesitate to apply.
Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking intelligent, hard-working college students to serve as fall interns in his office. Interns in the Congressman's
 MEM-268-17
  MEM-265-17
Page 2 of 23

office will have the opportunity to witness legislative process, give Capitol building tours, and attend briefings. Send cover letter and resume to Elizabeth.Diohep@mail.house.gov with subject line "Estes Fall Internship." Please save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file "First name, Last name." The deadline to apply for the fall is August 10st, 2017.
The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Tom Reed is currently seeking full – or part – time interns for the Fall 2017 semester. Ideal candidates should be professional, dependable, and possess strong communication skills. Intern responsibilities include answering phones, giving guided tours of the Capitol, constituent correspondence, attending hearing and briefings, and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but are a great opportunity to gain professional and educational experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. New York ties are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should send their resume and cover letter with the subject line “Fall Internship” to samara.brown@mail.house.gov.
MEM-263-17
 MEM-264-17
 Vice Chairman of House Foreign Affairs Committee and House Armed Services Committee Member seeking qualified Intern to begin immediately.
The Office of Congressman Paul Cook (CA-District 8), Vice Chairman of House Foreign Affairs Committee and member of House Armed Services Committee and House Natural Resources Committee, is pleased to announce vacancy for the position of Intern to begin August 2017 or as soon as possible. This opportunity will provide college level students or recent graduates hands on work with legislation regarding foreign policy, international relations, military affairs, and defense policy in a moderate Republican office. Interns will learn about the intricacies of the legislative branch and how the House of Representatives operates by attending hearings with the Congressman and preparing key research and legislation that the Congressman will review, in addition to other tasks listed below.
Responsibilities:
 • Explore policy ideas and perform research projects
• Attend Congressional Hearings
• Work with staff on legislative research and drafting
• Answering telephones
• Lead constituent tours
• Other tasks as needed
 Qualifications:
 • Good oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work in a group or with constituents and remain professional
and courteous at all times.
 Page 3 of 23

MEM-262-17
The Office of Congresswoman Norton (DC-00) has openings for full-time and part-time Congressional interns. Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending legislative briefings and hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail, giving Capitol tours, assisting with communications and media materials.
Applicants should be enthusiastic, reliable, professional, hardworking, and have strong writing and communication skills. Washington D.C. ties are required. Internships begin late August, early September. These positions are unpaid. Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and one-page writing sample to Camilo.Manjarres@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Fall 2017. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our internship program begins in September until the end of December. First priority will be given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter and work availability with the subject line “Fall 2017 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus, but are not required.
The office of Congressman Robert Pittenger is currently accepting applications for interns for this Fall. Candidates should be highly qualified and have excellent writing, research, and interpersonal skills. Ideally, candidates should also be motivated, analytical, and meticulous. This is an unpaid position, but interns will have the opportunity to collaborate with the legislative staff on
various projects and regularly attend hearings, briefings, and meetings. Responsibilities also include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, corresponding with constituents, and other miscellaneous tasks for the legislative staff. Internships can be full or part-time with flexible hours to accommodate student course schedules. Academic credit may also be available based on the candidate's academic institution.
• Good organizational skills
• Responsible and dependable
• Eager to learn attitude
 If you would like to apply for our internship program please contact our Intern Coordinator, Bert Johnson, at Bert.Johnson@mail.house.gov with your Resume and availability range.
   MEM-261-17
 MEM-259-17
Page 4 of 23

 MEM-258-17
Interested candidates should email a resume to Drew.Nirenberg@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Fall 2017. The internship is scheduled to run during August through December, depending on the availability of the applicant.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and
hearings. Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their internship through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with "2017 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
Alabama Democratic Member of Congress is seeking a hardworking and creative press intern to fill a fall position. This is an excellent opportunity for those who are interested in communications, politics, digital media, and press. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, writing e-newsletters, designing and curating social media, drafting press advisories and op-eds, traditional press outreach, and analyzing the results of your work. Successful candidates will possess strong communication skills and an ability to work in a fast-paced environment. The Press Intern will work side-by-side with and report to the Press Secretary. Candidates with one to two years of experience preferred. Please send a résumé, cover letter, and writing sample to Sewell.Press@mail.house.gov, with “Press Intern” in the subject line.”
The responsibilities of a congressional intern primarily focus on helping the Congressman communicate with his 700,000-plus constituents by phone, letter, and email; leading visiting constituents on tours of the historic US Capitol building; as well as taking on any other assignments given by staffers based on the interests/abilities of the individual intern. The position requires patience, intellect, and exceptional people skills.
The Congressional internship is unpaid and does not receive monetary compensation. The compensation offered is optional academic credit.
Candidates should possess excellent communication skills both verbal and written, an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress and have a familiarity with the fifth congressional district of Oregon.
 MEM-257-17
 MEM-255-17
Page 5 of 23

 MEM-254-17
If you are interested, please email a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to adrian.ballinger@mail.house.gov.
Start date: September 1st (Flexible) End Date: December 1st (Flexible)
The Office of Congressman Dave Loebsack is seeking interns for the Fall Semester. The internship will begin in mid/late August and extend through late November/early December. We are accepting both full and part time applicants.
Qualified candidates will possess an interest in the legislative process, good writing and communication skills, and the desire to worm in a fast-paced environment. Responsibilities will include: communicating with constituents by phone and mail, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, administrative support, attending hearings/briefings, and conducting research. Iowa ties are strongly preferred but not required.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject line.
The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Majority) is currently accepting applications for full-time internships for the Fall 2017 session. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced, front office answering phones and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting staff with hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic, team player attitude. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred. Please note the internships are unpaid positions. Please send cover letter and resume to: var.internship@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) seeks undergraduate or graduate students for full-time or part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, DC office. As a fast-paced office for an active member of the Democratic leadership, we expect a lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess excellent writing and communications skills, strong attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative process. Colorado ties preferred but not required. Interested
 MEM-253-17
 MEM-252-17
Page 6 of 23

 MEM-251-17
applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to CO01.scheduler@mail.house.gov.
California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office, intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid but the office will provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.
Congresswoman Elizabeth H. Esty’s Washington, D.C. office is currently seeking unpaid interns for fall 2017. Interns will gain valuable exposure to and knowledge of the legislative process, communications, and the United States Congress.
Duties include:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Greeting constituents and answering phones
• Drafting constituent outreach materials
• Performing legislative research
• Leading tours of the Capitol
• Attending policy briefings and meetings
• Conducting research and additional tasks to assist the legislative and
communications teams
Qualifications: An ardent desire to help others is required. We are seeking hard- working and detail-oriented college students with outstanding communication
and time management skills. Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast- paced environment, have basic computer skills, possess excellent writing skills, and have an enthusiastic attitude. Interns are accepted throughout the year on both a full and part-time (at least 15 hours/week) basis. District ties preferred but not required.
To apply for an internship in the DC office, please submit a cover letter, resume, and a brief writing sample (1-2 pages) to Conor.Douglass@mail.house.gov. If you have any questions, please contact Conor Douglass at (202) 225-4476.
We are currently accepting fall 2017 internship applications. The deadline to apply is September 1, 2017.
 MEM-250-17
     Page 7 of 23

MEM-249-17
Internships are available expressly for the purpose of furthering educational objectives; therefore they are unpaid and usually awarded to those enrolled in accredited educational institutions.
Thank you for your interest. We welcome your participation and look forward to receiving your application.
Congressman Steve Womack is currently seeking hard-working interns in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall Semester, August through December. Interns will work closely with Congressman Womack’s staff and constituents while learning the inner workings of the United States Congress and about issues affecting Arkansans. Duties include, but are not limited to, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, sorting constituent mail, answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, and assisting staff members. Those interested in political science, government, public policy, business, and social work are encouraged to
apply. Congressman Womack is a member of the Appropriations Committee, and serves on the Defense, Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, and Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies subcommittees. He also sits on the Budget Committee. Any interested candidates should send a current resume and cover letter to hannah.shea@mail.house.gov.
Alabama Democratic Congresswoman Terri A. Sewell is currently seeking full time and part time interns for the Fall 2017 semester in her fast-paced Washington, D.C office. Ideal candidates must be highly motivated, have strong writing skills, an ability to multi-task, and a 3.0 GPA or higher. Applicants must also be a rising undergraduate sophomore or higher. Alabama ties are a plus. Job responsibilities include, but are not limited to: legislative research, drafting correspondence, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, and sorting mail. This internship is unpaid. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (500 words or less) to Robert.Nuttall@mail.house.gov. Applicants will be accepted on a rolling basis. No calls or walk-ins please.
Congressman Sean P. Duffy is looking for fall interns! We are looking for energetic and driven individuals who are eager to learn. Congressman Duffy represents Wisconsin’s 7th Congressional District and serves on the House Financial Services Committee as the Chairman of the House Financial Services Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance. The internship program is a very hands-on program where our goal is to make you feel like you are a part of the team and not just an intern whose sole responsibility is to answer phones. The main mission of the program is placement. Our hope is that after our interns leave the program they are prepared to step right into a Staff Assistant or maybe even a Legislative Correspondent position on Capitol Hill. If you are a student or recent graduate and think you would benefit from this opportunity please email your resume and cover letter to Jake Orta, Jake.Orta@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-248-17
 MEM-247-17
 Page 8 of 23

   MEM-246-17
DUTIES:
• Provide constituents with tours of the U.S. Capitol
• Responsible for being responsive to constituent inquiries
• Answer telephone calls and respond appropriately
• Complete an intern recap video with the intern team
• Attend briefings, workshops, and/or house learning center classes
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Legislative Research
• Writing constituent correspondence
• Administrative Duties
• Tours of the U.S. Capitol
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Excellent verbal and written communication skills
• Track record of responsibility
• Exemplifies great customer service
The Office of Congressman Anthony G. Brown (D-MD04) seeks legislative interns with excellent oral and written communication skills for Fall 2017 in the Washington, D.C. Office. Responsibilities include compiling research on bills and various issue areas, attending committee hearings and briefings, drafting correspondence and memos, and completing other projects and duties as assigned by the legislative team. Applicants must be able to work both in a group setting and independently. Candidates should have strong organizational skills, a positive attitude and a willingness to learn. Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and a writing sample to both hannah.cooper@mail.house.gov and ann.mathew@mail.house.gov with “MD04 Fall Internship” in the subject
line. Maryland ties preferred, but not required. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Representative Steve King (IA-04) seeks interns for the Fall Semester. Intern duties include performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing mail, answering telephones, attending hearings and briefings, and any other office tasks. Ideal candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written communication skills. Preference will be given to Iowa natives and residents of the 4th district, however all are encouraged to apply. This internship is unpaid. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to IA04.Interns@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject line.
The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or part – time interns for the Fall 2017 semester in Washington DC. Intern
  MEM-245-17
MEM-244-17
 Page 9 of 23

 MEM-242-17
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject line “Fall 2017 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.
Nevada Democratic Member of Congress is seeking a hardworking and reliable press fellow to fill a summer and fall position. This is an excellent opportunity for those who are interested in communications, including digital design and social media. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, writing press releases, media advisories, op-eds, and social media content creation, and other press tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess strong communication skills and an ability to work in a fast-paced environment. Fellow will report to Communications Director. Candidates with one to two years of experience preferred. Please send a résumé, cover letter, and portfolio to Chelsea.Rosenberg@mail.house.gov, with “Press Fellow” in the subject line.
Democratic Congresswoman Jacky Rosen seeks interns in her D.C. office. The ideal candidate is a committed and diligent team player with a positive attitude and possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity. We are looking for someone with strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task and work cooperatively and courteously with others. Duties include: answering telephone calls, responding to general constituent inquiries and requests for tours, assisting with constituent correspondence and research, and providing administrative assistance to staff team. Undergraduate students or recent college graduates preferred, Southern Nevada ties are a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Chelsea.Rosenberg@mail.house.gov. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
The Office of Congressman David Price is currently accepting applications for our fall internship program running from August 2017 through the beginning of December. This position requires greeting guests and constituents, answering phone calls, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent correspondence letters, writing legislative memos, and assisting in general day to day activities. While unpaid, this position ensures a wonderful work environment and will strengthen your understanding of Congress and Washington. The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of major. Qualified candidates will be hard working, possess strong written and oral skills, and have the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and unofficial transcript to nc04.intern@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-241-17
 MEM-240-17
 Page 10 of 23

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is offering fall internship opportunities for college students and recent college graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents, attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing sample to Sam Menchel at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact Sam at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
MEM-238-17
MEM-239-17
 The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Fall 2017 semester.
   MEM-237-17
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips,
drafting press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips at 8:00 am.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if applicable, a portfolio sample to Sam Menchel
at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact Sam at 202-225-3615 with any questions.
Congressman Daniel Webster’s office is seeking motivated interns for the fall semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the legislative process and constituent service. Responsibilities include attending hearings, briefing and lectures, helping process
Page 11 of 23

 MEM-236-17
tour and flag requests, handling incoming mail, giving visiting constituents tours of the Capitol, and performing general office duties. Interns will also have the opportunity to explore areas of policy interest. Internships are unpaid. Florida ties are not required, but are a plus. Please send a cover letter and resume to jessica.thompson@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Internship.” Please save cover letter and resume with the file name “First name, Last name.”
The Office of the House Democratic Caucus Vice Chair is currently accepting applications for a full-time internship during the 2017 Fall semester. Successful candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will include answering phones, leading Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to lindasanchez.internship@mail.house.gov with “DC Fall 2017 Internship” in the subject line.’
Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking intelligent, hard-working college students to serve as fall interns in his office. Interns in the Congressman's office will have the opportunity to witness legislative process, give Capitol building tours, and attend briefings. Send cover letter and resume to chris.naylor@mail.house.gov with subject line "Estes Fall Internship." Please save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file "First name, Last name." The deadline to apply for the fall is August 1st, 2017.
The Office of Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson is seeking unpaid interns for the Fall 2017 semester in the Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities include assisting the administrative, legislative, and press staff with writing, legislative research, constituent services, and attending various briefings and hearings. Candidates should be self-motivated, detail oriented, and possess strong oral and written communication skills. This is an excellent opportunity to gain experience on Capitol Hill while learning about the legislative process. Texas ties are preferred, but not required. If you are interested in this internship opportunity, please e-mail a cover letter, resume, references and a short writing sample to Nawaid.Ladak@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or walk-ins.
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight & Investigations is seeking a fall 2017 full-time or part-time legal fellow available to start in late August or early September
2017. Fellows will gain firsthand knowledge of Congressional oversight on a range of issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction, including healthcare, energy and environment, telecommunications, and more. Responsibilities include organizing materials for staff, aiding in preparation for Congressional hearings,
 MEM-234-17
MEM-233-17
  MEM-232-17
Page 12 of 23

 MEM-230-17
research, writing and editing, and document review, including but not limited to legislation and federal regulations. Successful candidates will be dependable, organized, and possess exceptionally strong written and verbal communication skills. This internship is unpaid.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or age. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply.
Please send your resume, a cover letter, and a writing sample (5 pages max.) to: InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) seeks current college students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full- time or part-time internship for Fall 2017. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day- to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Florida ties are encouraged but not required. Please send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample to FL13Internships@mail.house.gov.
Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
fall. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi- task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office
duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a resume and three writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject “Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the Fall of 2017. Interns will work in a fast- paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as
 MEM-229-17
 MEM-228-17
MEM-227-17
 Page 13 of 23

 MEM-226-17
attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and
resume. Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted for consideration.
Congressman Jim Langevin (D-RI) is seeking full and part-time interns for the fall 2017 semester. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include providing constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest. Rhode Island ties are preferred but not required.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All internships are unpaid. To apply: send a resume, cover letter, and two brief writing samples as a single PDF to john.swords@mail.house.gov. Please also indicate your dates of availability.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for the fall of 2017. Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Communications Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.
Page 14 of 23
 MEM-225-17
 
MEM-224-17 The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time legislative intern for her Washington D.C. office for the fall of 2017. Ideal candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong work ethic and writing skills. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
 MEM-222-17
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Legislative Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.
The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking full- time interns for fall of 2017 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates would be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to wi06resumes@gmail.com.
The office of Congressman Bill Shuster (PA-09) is currently seeking Fall interns. Candidates should be a self-motivated, team player that is ready to work in a fast- paced environment. Duties include, but are not limited to: opening mail, answering phones, constituent correspondence, attending briefings, assisting with legislative research, and providing aid to staff-members with various projects. The ideal candidate will be a hard-working, detail oriented professional with strong oral and written communication skills. Pennsylvania and district ties are preferred, but not required. Although this position is unpaid, we will work with the student to fulfill requirements for school credit programs. Interested candidates should email their resume to PA09jobs@gmail.com.
The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking conservative, highly motivated, and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for fall 2017, beginning mid-August into December 2017, with flexible start and end dates.
 MEM-221-17
 MEM-220-17
Page 15 of 23

 MEM-219-17
Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff, and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2017 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
The Washington, D.C. Offices of Congressman Dave Reichert is excited to announce that we are accepting interns. Interns are an integral part of our office, assisting constituents and staff.
This is an excellent opportunity for students to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner workings of the federal government. Internship responsibilities include, but are not limited to, researching constituent requests, drafting correspondence, constituent outreach, keeping up to date on local and national issues, and data entry. There are also opportunities for long-term research and outreach projects.
We are looking for applicants interested in government, law, public policy, or social sciences. A competitive candidate will be energetic, self-motivated, possess strong communication skills, and be familiar with Microsoft Office.
Our unpaid internships run throughout the school year, depending upon the student’s schedule and we offer flexible scheduling. If you are interested in applying or have any questions about interning with the Washington, D.C. Office, please contact JD Greening at JD.Greening@mail.house.gov.
Please include:
• Cover letter
• Resume
• At least two writing samples
• Two letters of recommendation
 Please send resumes to JD.Greening@mail.house.gov. MEM-218-17
 The Office of Congressman Ro Khanna (CA-17) is seeking qualified candidates to intern in our Washington, D.C. office for fall of 2017. Interns will have a chance to experience first-hand the operations of a U.S. Congressional office, learn about the legislative process, and gain Capitol Hill experience.
Responsibilities include administrative tasks such as answering phones, welcoming guests, and leading constituent tours. In addition, interns will be
 Page 16 of 23

required to conduct legislative research, draft constituent and press correspondence, attend briefings and hearings and other projects as needed.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to California are preferred, but not required.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to ca17dcinterns.resumes@mail.house.gov. Please include “Last Name, First Name - Internship Application” in the subject line and include your available start and end dates and weekly schedule in the email.
  MEM-217-17
Congressman Matt Cartwright (D-PA) seeks unpaid interns for his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2017 semester. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, writing constituent letters, attending legislative briefings, assisting staff with research and special projects, and preforming administrative duties as needed. Successful candidates will be detail-oriented and responsible, and possess strong written and oral communication skills. Pennsylvania ties are preferred, but not required. Constituents from Pennsylvania’s 17th congressional district are especially encouraged to apply.
Prospective candidates should submit their application, resume, and cover letter online at www.cartwright.house.gov/services/internships. No phone calls or drop- ins, please.
The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is currently accepting applications for Fall 2017. Intern responsibilities include researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, answering phones, day to day office duties, and answering constituent messages on various issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to th MeehanDCIntern@gmail.com. The deadline to apply is August 18 , 2017. Ties to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District are preferred, but not required.
The Office of Congressman Sarbanes (MD-03) is currently seeking college students or recent graduates for the Fall 2017 internship program in Washington DC. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, drafting constituent correspondence, attending briefings and writing memos for legislative staff, conducting research for various legislative projects, and providing administrative support for the office.
 MEM-216-17
 MEM-215-17
Page 17 of 23

Ideal candidates must be hard working and possess a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for learning. Ties to Maryland strongly preferred. Preference will be given to interns with full-time availability. Interested applicants may send a resume, cover letter, two short writing samples, and work availability with the subject line “Fall 2017 Internship” to Lucy Shaw at lucy.shaw@mail.house.gov.
MEM-214-17
 Vermont Congressman Peter Welch (D-VT) is seeking unpaid interns to begin in mid-September in his Capitol Hill Office. Congressman Peter Welch represents Vermont’s At-Large District. He is a Chief Deputy Whip of the House Democratic Caucus and a member of the Democratic Steering and Policy Committee. He serves on the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
Interns will:
  • Assist with office administrative tasks including sorting incoming mail, greeting visitors, and answering phones.
• Assist in the preparation of constituent responses.
• Perform legislative research.
• Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
• Gain valuable Hill experience learning about the federal legislative
process.
• Complete a Capstone project in which they develop a mock bill and guide
it through the legislative process on its way to becoming law
  Fall session interns generally begin in mid-September and end in mid-December; however, these dates are flexible and varying schedules may be accommodated. Vermont ties are preferred but not necessary. Open to undergraduate and graduate students.
To Apply:
Please e-mail a resume, brief cover letter, college transcript (unofficial is sufficient), two letters of recommendation, and a 1-2 page writing sample to: WelchInterns@mail.house.gov. Please include “DC Intern” in the subject line.
Deadline for Submission: August 11th, 2017
    MEM-213-17
The Office of Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14) is seeking full and part-time interns for the Fall 2017 semester in its Washington D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills and a strong work ethic. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting the staff with general office duties, answering phones, responding to constituent mail, researching legislative issues, leading Capitol Hill tours, and attending briefings and hearings. Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any
Page 18 of 23

 MEM-212-17
necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to Shivani Vakharia at Shivani.vakharia@mail.house.gov. State ties preferred, but not required.
Congressman Coffman (R-CO) seeks hard-working, enthusiastic legislative interns for the Fall 2017 semester in his Washington, DC office. Interns are responsible for: giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering constituent calls, sorting constituent correspondence, assisting legislative staff with research and writing, processing U.S. flag requests, attending Congressional briefings and hearings, and attending events with the Congressman as necessary. Applicants should have strong written and oral communication skills, exceptional interpersonal skills, and have demonstrable interest in public policy and government. Attractive applicants will have completed at least 60 credit hours of undergraduate coursework. Those with Colorado ties and professional proficiency in Spanish are encouraged to apply. Applicants should be aware that this is an unpaid internship that tentatively lasts from August/September through December 2017. For more information and application, please visit: http://coffman.house.gov/services/internships.
The House Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks qualified graduate and undergraduate interns for the Fall 2017 program. An internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give students a thorough understanding of a congressional committee’s role in the legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with administrative tasks such as answering phones, organizing documents, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to perform legislative research, shadow staff at hearings and markups, and attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
The ideal candidate is an organized and committed student or recent graduate who is eager to join a fast-paced environment and interested in learning more about the legislative process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit, as one PDF document, their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov, with “Fall 2017 Internship” in the subject line.
 MEM-211-17
 Page 19 of 23

MEM-210-17
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming fall semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases, answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. Candidates with an interest in issues associated with the Congressman’s membership on the House Foreign Affairs Committee or House Budget Committee are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Perry.Goffner@mail.house.gov with “Name - Internship Application” in the subject line.
The office of Representative Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) seeks full-time interns in his Washington, DC office for the 2017 Fall session, starting immediately. Ideal candidates possess strong written and verbal communication skills, organizational skills, an attention to detail, and a positive attitude. Main responsibilities include overseeing tour and flag requests, giving tours, attending briefings, helping with graphic design, processing mail and letters, assisting with constituent correspondence, and helping with other office duties. California ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to Courtney.bradway@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Rod Blum seeks hardworking interns for the Fall of 2017. Candidates must be detail oriented, professional, organized, and able to function in a fast-paced work environment. Duties include guiding tours, attending to constituents, assisting with legislative research, and general office duties. Internship is unpaid. Please send resume and cover letter to Alexah.Rogge@mail.house.gov.
California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the fall 2017 semester. Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips, assist with front office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications and writing skills are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not required. Please submit a cover letter, brief writing sample, and resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.
The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary responsibilities include office tasks such as answering phones and handling mail
 MEM-209-17
 MEM-207-17
MEM-206-17
MEM-204-17
  Page 20 of 23

 MEM-202-17
as well as assisting with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist with investigative research or other projects as needed.
Applications are currently being accepted for Fall 2017. To apply please send your cover letter, resume and 2-3-page writing sample to oversight.democrats@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Internship.”
The Office of Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is looking for interns for the 2017 Fall semester (August 28nd-December15th) in our Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates that are motivated, detail- oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing abilities, can multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on various projects. Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Jordan Garcia at Jordan.garcia@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full- time or part-time internship for the Fall of 2017. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Nevada ties are encouraged but not required. Please send resume and cover letter to Catherine.chrobak@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Gerald Connolly seeks applicants for an internship in his Washington D.C. Office for Fall 2017 (August to December). Main responsibilities include (but are not limited to) answering the phones, sorting mail, drafting constituent correspondence, arranging tours, conducting legislative research for staff, attending Congressional hearings with staff, and performing other administrative tasks as needed.
Applicants should be reliable and detail-oriented, and possess a professional and courteous demeanor, strong verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Ties to the 11th District of Virginia are preferred, but not required.
To apply for this internship please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to va11.internship@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-201-17
 MEM-198-17
 Page 21 of 23

MEM-197-17
MEM-196-17
MEM-195-17
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid congressional internship for Fall 2017. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to md06.internships@mail.house.gov by August 1, 2017 with “Fall Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
Congressman Bill Posey (FL-08) is currently seeking highly motivated and organized applicants for a part-time or full-time unpaid internship starting in Mid-August. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, attention to detail, and a positive attitude. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, constituent correspondence, legislative research, and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume to FL.Conservative@mail.house.gov.
The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications for the upcoming 2017 Fall Semester. This is a full-time internship that requires a flexible schedule. Our internship term begins in late August and runs through mid-December. Interns will assist with Caucus meetings, Member outreach, legislative work and data entry. Interns will also handle front office duties such as answering phones, distributing mail, coordinating Capitol tours, and greeting visitors. Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude and a great work ethic. Candidates with prior Hill experience and familiarity with House Democrats are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2017 Fall Democratic Caucus Internship” in the subject line.
Representative Claudia Tenney (NY-22) seeks interns for the Fall Semester. Intern duties include performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing mail, answering telephones, attending hearings and briefings, entering data into Intranet Quorum, processing flag requests, and any other office tasks. Ideal candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written communication skills. College credit is available if necessary. Preference will be given to New York natives and those who have prior experience on Capitol Hill; however, all are encouraged to apply. This internship is unpaid. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Joan.Stanton@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject line.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the fall semester. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
   MEM-194-17
 MEM-193-17
Page 22 of 23

 MEM-189-17
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. California ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter and dates of availability to Peter.Durkin@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.
Democratic office seeks a highly motivated individual with interest in the legislative process to serve as an unpaid intern in the Washington, D.C. office for the Fall. This position requires an individual to provide excellent constituent service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting visitors, tours and other information, answering telephone calls and noting constituents’ opinions, maintaining the front office, and general office administrative duties. Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to amber.milenkevich@mail.house.gov.
 Page 23 of 23
