 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-255-16
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 15, 2016
The office of Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (NE-01) is seeking full and part-time interns for the fall semester in its DC office. Interns engage in a variety of tasks, and their responsibilities are assigned based on interests, capabilities, and the needs of the office. Interns will have the opportunity to hone their legislative research and writing skills and interact with senior legislative staff; attend hearings and briefings on Capitol Hill; assist with media/communications tasks and gain proficiency in IQ; and participate in our office’s top priority, constituent outreach, by leading tours, greeting visitors, and answering phones. Exceptional interns in the past have gotten opportunities to write constituent letters and contribute to constituent and staff meetings on and around Capitol Hill. If you are interested in applying for one of the most robust internship programs on the Hill, please submit a cover letter including the reason you would like an internship in Congressman Fortenberry’s office, your résumé, two writing samples, and references to NE01internships@gmail.com.
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Fall 2016. Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral and written skills and close attention to details are imperative.
 MEM-254-16
Page 1 of 14

 MEM-252-16
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and hearings. Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their internship through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with "2016 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
Moderate Senior Democratic member seeks unpaid interns for Fall 2016
(approx. September – December) in a fast-paced Congressional Office where they will gain valuable exposure to and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress.
Applicants should be positive, motivated, organized and reliable individuals willing to assist with the legislative and administrative needs of the staff. Duties include greeting constituents, answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research and various other tasks to assist staff. Applicants must have strong written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team environment, and possess a strong attention to detail. Northern California connections are preferable.
Please send resume, cover letter, and availability (both availability during the week as well as a start and end date), three references and a one page writing sample to DCIntern.Thompson@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2016 Internship” in the subject line. We will hire until spaces are filled. No phone calls please.
The office of Representative Bruce Poliquin is accepting applications for internships in Washington, D.C. for Fall 2016. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Interns work side by side with experienced full-time staff, and play an integral part in the daily operations of the office. A typical day for our interns includes welcoming folks to the office, researching legislation for the Congressman and policy staff, and answering constituent calls and letters on various issues before the House. Ties to Maine are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to Poliquin.internship@mail.house.gov.
The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democrats is a legislative office in the U.S. House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over a broad array of education and labor policy areas, including K-12 education, higher education, employer/employee relations, worker safety, and employer provided health care. Representative Robert C. “Bobby” Scott (VA-03) serves as Ranking Member.
 MEM-251-16
 MEM-250-16
Page 2 of 14

  MEM-249-16
The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democrats is currently seeking graduate and legal interns and fellows to work on labor policy as well as general undergraduate interns for the fall of 2016. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to, legislative research, assembling information, assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution, memo and legislative writing, and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of taking notes.
Interested applicants should email their application materials to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please include your resume, a cover letter and the internship applicant information form. Graduate students and fellows should also include two short, relevant writing samples.
Please visit our internship at http://democrats- edworkforce.creative.house.gov/about/internships for complete information on how to apply.
The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a press intern for our Washington, D.C. office for the fall of 2016. Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about press operations, the political process, and congressional affairs. The intern will assist in the day-to-day operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting members of staff with press clips and constituent communication and will help to draft press releases, prep memos, and social media posts, in addition to assisting with legislative research and administrative activities. Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, writing sample, and cover letter to Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.
Internship Position in House Democratic Caucus Chairman Xavier Becerra’s Office Washington, D.C. — Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his Leadership office to begin March or April. Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) transcribing videos, collecting press clips, live-streaming briefings, supporting the Operations team in preparing Caucus events, answering phones, providing constituency outreach support to Democratic Members of Congress and their staff, conducting research, extracting and formatting large quantities of data, writing detailed memos, attending relevant briefings and meetings, and assisting with team projects. Applicants should be motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multi-task. Experience or interest in social media is a plus. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic credit or congressional internship/fellowship program participants. The intern should be prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-248-16
 Page 3 of 14

MEM-247-16
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is seeking interns for the fall semester. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters. Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the provided application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
The Office of Congressman Brad Wenstrup is seeking interns for this fall. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, answering phones, matching constituent mail to appropriate staffers, giving constituents tours of the Capitol, and writing memos for staff on policy briefings. Interns may also occasionally be asked to run errands for staff and complete special projects. Applicants should have a strong work ethic, excellent communication skills, and an interest in politics/policy. All interested should email a resume and cover letter to oh02interns@gmail.com.
The Office of Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson is seeking unpaid interns for the Fall 2016 semester in the Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities include assisting the administrative and legislative staff with writing, legislative research, constituent services, and attending various briefings and hearings. Candidates should be self-motivated, detail oriented, and possess strong oral and written communication skills. This is an excellent opportunity to gain experience on Capitol Hill while learning about the legislative process. Texas ties are preferred, but not required. If you are interested in this internship opportunity, please e-mail a cover letter, resume, references and a short writing sample to Nawaid.Ladak@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or walk-ins.
The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking full- time interns for fall of 2016 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates would be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to wi06resumes@gmail.com.
The office of Congressman Tom Reed (NY-23) is currently seeking full – or part – time interns for the Fall 2016 semester in his Washington D.C. office. The internship is scheduled to run from August to December, but can vary depending
 MEM-246-16
MEM-245-16
  MEM-244-16
 MEM-243-16
Page 4 of 14

 MEM-242-16
on the availability of the applicant. Ideal candidates should be professional, dependable, and possess strong communication skills. Intern responsibilities include answering phones, giving guided tours of the Capitol, constituent correspondence, attending hearing and briefings, and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but are a great opportunity to gain professional and educational experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. New York ties are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should send their resume, cover letter, and a writing sample with the subject line “Fall Internship” to samara.brown@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) D.C. office seeks interns for the Fall semester. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This position demands the ability to multi-task, high efficiency and strong organizational skills as well as an ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others. Duties include: answering telephone calls, responding to general constituent inquiries and requests for tours, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing administrative assistance to the DC staff. Undergraduate students or recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to: olivia.hodge@mail.house.gov.
Washington, D.C. — The House Democratic Caucus seeks a full-time press intern for intern for August 2016 and/or Fall 2016.
Intern responsibilities include assisting with press clips, video production and editing, photography, graphic design, tracking metrics, transcribing interviews and supporting team projects.
Applicants should be self-starters, motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multitask. Experience in Adobe Suite, particularly Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere, and proficiency in Spanish highly preferred.
Experience and interest in press operations and the congressional process is a plus. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students or Congressional internship program participants.
Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter detailing availability, and references to elizabeth.lopez-sandoval@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Keith Ellison (D-MN) seeks a Legislative Fellow for a fast-paced and busy Washington, DC congressional office. The fellow will work on financial services issues including banking and capital markets, energy and environment, small business, Native American, arts and humanities, and other issues. Ideal candidates must have strong writing and verbal briefing skills, analytical skills and a proactive approach to current issues. The fellow should be
 MEM-241-16
 MEM-240-16
Page 5 of 14

 MEM-237-16
punctual, responsible and trust-worthy. Candidates should have sharp attention to detail, good time management skills, a positive attitude and commitment to inclusive prosperity and environmental sustainability. This is an unpaid fellowship although we will work with programs which provide stipends for fellows. The position begins in August/September and runs through December. Please send cover letter, resumé and writing sample by August 12, to MN05fellow@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.
Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions for the fall. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Louisiana ties are a plus but not required. If you are a student we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for academic credit. Please send a résumé and cover letter in PDF form to LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.
Legislative Internship Description:
Nevada Republican seeks a legislative intern for August 2016 and/or Fall 2016. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Legislative Internship Qualifications:
Our office is looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be self- starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to do assist with daily office tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Legislative Internship Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00am- 6:00pm). Students welcome to apply. Those interested please send cover letter, updated resume, and references to austin.slaughter@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-236-16
 Page 6 of 14

MEM-235-16
The Washington, DC, office of a high profile Member of Congress has unpaid internship openings to begin immediately through November. Interns are expected to work long hours and commit between 3-5 days per week. Internship duties include, but are not limited to compiling and daily clips, drafting press releases and op-eds, proofreading and editing, maintaining press lists, updating Member's communications calendar, website and social media platforms. Intern must also assist with answering phones, incoming and outgoing mail, addressing constituent concerns, and assisting the Legislative/District office staff. Strong writing skills are needed. Additionally, graphic design experience and a strong understanding of new media and social media platforms is recommended. Candidates with video editing experience are a plus.
The ideal candidate will be creative, motivated, mature, detail-orientated, and possess the ability to multi-task under high pressure. This is a great opportunity for college students and recent graduates. Women and minorities, especially those with Spanish language fluency, are highly encouraged to apply. New York ties are a plus. To apply for the position, please send your cover letter, resume, writing sample, and graphic/video portfolio (if applicable; hyperlinks ok) addressed to the Legislative Correspondent at
CBR.Intern13@mail.house.gov with the subject: Fall Intern.
Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) seeks highly-motivated, qualified interns with excellent research and communication abilities to join his district offices in Palm Desert and Hemet, California as part of the Fall 2016 Congressional Internship Program. Although congressional interns are unpaid they are considered an integral part of the office and are given an opportunity to expand their knowledge about public policy and the legislative process.
Congressional intern responsibilities may include, but are not limited to, conducting research for staff members, assisting staff at community or public events, attending meetings, transcribing documents, and providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls. Congressman Ruiz’s internship program also features staff-lead workshops designed to develop essential and professional skill that students may apply in any setting. Students interested in applying for a congressional internship in one of the offices of Congressman Raul Ruiz have the opportunity to apply to the Fall 2016 session. Fall 2016 applications will be accepted on a rolling basis with priority given to applications received by Sunday, August 21, 2016. Prospective interns should complete an internship application (available here) attach their resume, and submit to Tony Aguilar at tony.aguilar@mail.house.gov.
The office of Representative Kevin Yoder (KS-03) is looking for both full- and part-time interns this fall. Our Washington interns will be exposed to a wide range of activities on Capitol Hill. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns will need to be able to communicate professionally, balance multiple tasks at once, and have a
 MEM-233-16
 MEM-232-16
Page 7 of 14

 MEM-231-16
teachable attitude. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative process, the various functions of a Congressional office, and the way things work on Capitol Hill. It is an invaluable opportunity for both educational and professional development.
Interested applicants should email resumes directly to taylor.huhn@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time legislative interns for the Fall 2016 semester in our Washington, D.C. office.
Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include providing constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All internships are unpaid. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to nick.greene@mail.house.gov with “2016 Pocan Fall Internship” in the subject line. WI ties are a plus!
The D.C. office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from Washington’s 6th district, is looking for personable, diligent full or part-time interns to start for the upcoming late summer/fall term. This is an opportunity to learn about the inner- workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities include assisting with constituent correspondence, producing daily press clips, and leading tours of the Capitol. This is a unique opportunity and prime for students or recent grads who are interested in learning about the legislative process or may eventually want to work for the federal government. To apply, please send a resume, contact information for two references, and a cover letter outlining your interest in the position to nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within a week. Those with Washington state ties strongly encouraged to apply. We look forward to hearing from you!
Congressman Jim Langevin (D-RI) is seeking full and part-time interns for the fall 2016 semester. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include providing constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest. Rhode Island ties are preferred but not required.
 MEM-230-16
 MEM-229-16
Page 8 of 14

 MEM-228-16
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All internships are unpaid. To apply: send a resume, cover letter, two brief writing samples, and dates of availability to kerry.mckittrick@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking highly motivated and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for the 2016 fall internship program. The internship is scheduled to run from August 22 to December 16. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff, and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2016 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
New York Republican seeks qualified applicants for an unpaid full-time internship in Washington, DC office. Duties include, but are not limited to, administrative tasks, answering phones, providing Capitol tours, logging and drafting constituent correspondence, and conducting research for legislative staff. The ideal candidate must be a self-starter, exhibit strong oral and written communication skills, and possess proficient research abilities. New York ties a plus but not required. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to nygopjoblisting@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks a motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic professional with excellent oral and written communication skills for an intern position in the Washington, DC office. Individuals should demonstrate strong interpersonal skills and the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong computing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, organizing and managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors, assisting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings and participating in hearing preparation; assisting with the planning, preparation and execution of Member events and appearances, answering constituent correspondence, and other duties as necessary.
Please submit cover letter and resume to: alex.huang@mail.house.gov Page 9 of 14
 MEM-227-16
MEM-226-16
  
MEM-225-16
The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a full-time unpaid legislative intern for our Washington, D.C. office this fall.
Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication skills and a positive attitude, and possess a strong interest in learning about the legislative process and congressional affairs. A background in national security issues in the Middle East and/or East Asia is strongly preferred. Graduate students and undergraduates are both welcome to apply.
The individual will support the legislative team on the Congresswoman's work on the House Armed Services Committee, as well as assist in the day-to-day operations of the office by supporting members of staff with legislative research, constituent services, and administrative activities.
Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please .
The Office of Congressman Don Beyer (VA-08) is accepting applications for full-time, unpaid internships starting this September in his Washington, DC office. Candidates should possess good writing skills, prudent judgement, knowledge of the federal government and the legislative process, and willingness to assist the staff on a wide range of tasks. Ties to Virginia’s 8th Congressional district a plus. To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to Pablo.Sierra@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or phone calls please.
The office of Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is looking for interns for the 2016 Fall semester (August 22nd-December16th) in our Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates that are motivated, detail- oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on various projects. Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Jordan Garcia at Jordan.garcia@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Elizabeth H. Esty’s Washington, D.C. office is currently seeking unpaid interns for fall 2016 where interns will gain valuable exposure to and knowledge of the legislative process, communications, and the United States Congress.
 MEM-224-16
MEM-223-16
  MEM-222-16
Page 10 of 14

 MEM-221-16
Duties include:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Greeting constituents and answering phones
• Drafting social media posts and press releases
• Performing legislative research
• Leading tours of the Capitol
• Attending policy briefings and meetings
• Conducting research and additional tasks to assist the communications and legislative teams
Qualifications: An ardent desire to help others is required. We are seeking hard- working and detail-oriented college students with outstanding communication and time management skills. Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast- paced environment, have basic computer skills, possess excellent writing skills, and have an enthusiastic attitude. Interns are accepted throughout the year on both a full and part-time (at least 15 hours/week) basis. District ties preferred but not required.
To apply for an internship in the DC office, please submit a cover letter, resume, and a brief writing sample to Conor.Douglass@mail.house.gov. If you have any questions, please contact Conor Douglass at (202) 225-4476. We are currently accepting fall 2016 internship applications. The deadline to apply is August 26, 2016.
Internships are available expressly for the purpose of furthering educational objectives; therefore they are unpaid and usually awarded to those enrolled in accredited educational institutions.
Thank you for your interest. We welcome your participation and look forward to receiving your application.
The Washington, DC, office of a high profile Member of Congress has unpaid Press internship openings to begin immediately through November. Press interns are expected to work long hours and commit between 3-5 days per week. Internship duties include, but are not limited to compiling and daily clips, drafting press releases and op-eds, proofreading and editing, maintaining press lists, updating Member's communications calendar, website and social media platforms. Intern may also assist with answering phones, incoming and outgoing mail, addressing constituent concerns, and assisting the Legislative/District office staff. Strong writing skills are needed. Additionally, graphic design experience and a strong understanding of new media and social media platforms is recommended. Candidates with video editing experience are a plus. Priority will be given to those with journalism or communications education/experience. The ideal candidate will be creative, motivated, mature, detail-orientated, and possess the ability to multi-task under high pressure. This is a great opportunity for
Page 11 of 14

 MEM-220-16
college students and recent graduates. Women and minorities, especially those with Spanish language fluency, are highly encouraged to apply. To apply for the position, please send your cover letter, resume, writing sample, and graphic/video portfolio (if applicable; hyperlinks ok) addressed to the Comm. Director at ny13intern@gmail.com with the subject: Press Intern.
Congressman Keith Ellison (D-MN) seeks a Legislative Fellow for a fast-paced and busy Washington, DC congressional office. The fellow will work on numerous issues which may include financial services, labor, energy and environment, small business, Native American, arts and humanities, budget and appropriations and other areas of interest. Ideal candidates must have strong writing and verbal briefing skills, analytical skills and a proactive approach to current issues. The fellow should be punctual, responsible and trust-worthy. Candidates should have sharp attention to detail, good time management skills, a positive attitude and commitment to progressive policies. This is an unpaid fellowship although we will work with programs which provide stipends for fellows. The position begins in August/September and runs through December. Please send cover letter, resumé and writing sample by August 12, to MN05fellow@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Donovan (NY-11) is seeking applications for full- or part-time, unpaid interns for the Fall semester. The internship is scheduled to run from late-August/early September to early December, but the months of the internship can vary depending on the availability or school schedule of the applicant, if need be. Applicants must be willing to work at least two full days a week. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent organizational and communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, talking with constituents, scheduling and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing briefings and hearings for legislative staff, and supporting the office with any additional duties. Interested candidates should email a current resume and a list of three references, with the subject line “Fall Internship” to NY11Resumes@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Tony Cárdenas is seeking interns to join his Washington, D.C. team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting as soon as possible, for a duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: attending briefings and writing memos, assisting with scheduling, answering phone calls, processing mail and tour requests, and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hard-working intern in our office will move on to assisting staff with more complex, legislative and press-related projects.
 MEM-219-16
 MEM-218-16
Page 12 of 14

 MEM-215-16
Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e- mail resume and cover letter in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.
Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this fall. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Fall 2016 semester.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips at 8:00 am and ends at 4:00 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if applicable, a portfolio sample to Frances Carrion at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact James at 202-225-3615 with any questions.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is offering fall internship opportunities for college students and recent college graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents, attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
 MEM-214-16
 MEM-213-16
Page 13 of 14

Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing sample to Frances Carrion at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact Frances at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
 Page 14 of 14
