 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-318-17
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 11, 2017
The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications for the 2017 Fall Semester. This is a full-time internship that requires a flexible schedule. Our internship term runs from Mid-September through mid-December. Interns will assist with Caucus meetings, Member outreach, legislative work and data entry. Interns will also handle front office duties such as answering phones, distributing mail, coordinating Capitol tours, and greeting visitors. Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude and a great work ethic. Candidates with prior Hill experience and familiarity with House Democrats are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2017 Fall Democratic Caucus Internship” in the subject line.
The office of Congressman Buchanan is looking for Congressional Interns for fall and spring. Please email and a resume to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.
“Florida Republican Congressman is seeking motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions for Fall 2017. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending
 MEM-317-17 MEM-315-17
 Page 1 of 10

 MEM-314-17
briefings, conducting legislative research, and performing other legislative tasks as necessary.
Candidates should possess excellent written and oral communication skills; a strong attentiveness to detail; an ability to work in a fast-paced environment; and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. Candidates with a strong interest in foreign affairs, defense, terrorism, and/or Israel affairs will find additional insight into these issues as part of the internship, but is not required. We welcome candidates with any policy interests.
While the internship is unpaid, we strive to provide a meaningful and purposeful internship for successful candidates. This position will help you understand the inner workings of Capitol Hill in a way that is impossible to get otherwise. You will finish your internship with in-depth knowledge about an issue that you care about. If you are a student, we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for academic credit.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Florida ties are a plus but not required. Send a resume, cover letter, and a very brief statement (one paragraph at most) on policy areas that interest you. Please compile these documents into a single PDF or Word document and email to FL06.internships@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.”
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Fall of 2017.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips at 7:45 am and ends at 3:45 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on Rules. The Rules Committee <http://democrats.rules.house.gov/> determines the parameters of debate for all major legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if applicable, a portfolio sample to Sam Menchel at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house. <mailto:NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov>. Please do not hesitate to contact Sam at 202-225-3615 <tel:202-225-3615> with any questions.
    Page 2 of 10

MEM-313-17
Mid-Atlantic member seeks a press intern to begin immediately in the Washington, D.C. office. The role of the press intern is to help support the Communications Director and Press Assistant in day-to-day tasks in the press shop, from special projects to copy editing to assisting with digital communications. This is an unpaid internship, but is an excellent opportunity for students seeking academic credit.
Responsibilities include:
• Research to support office communication and legislative efforts; • Compile daily clips;
• Draft social media, newsletters and other written communication; • Manage and update press lists;
• Attend briefings and press events;
• Answer phones and log constituent mail;
• Give Capitol tours and;
• Assist with general office duties.
Requirements and expectations: Ideal candidates must be strong writers, possess acute attention to detail, have a thorough understanding of all social media and digital platforms and be able to work quickly and efficiently. Graphic design skills, relevant course work, and/or experience in media are appreciated. Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events, policy subjects and issues affecting the Mid-Atlantic region. Interested candidates should submit their resume, cover letter and writing sample to sean.gogolin@mail.house.gov. The subject line should read “Fall Press Internship Application.” Maryland ties preferred, but not required. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
Congressman Dan Kildee’s Washington, D.C. office is always seeking motivated and hard-working college students for fall, spring or summer internships. Although internships are unpaid, students will gain valuable work experience in a fast-paced congressional office.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral and written communications skills, responsible, dependable, and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them. Tasks include and are not limited to the following: Researching legislative issues, preparing constituent correspondence, data entry, and helping maintain the efficient day-to-day operations of an active Congressional office.
If interested, please send a cover letter, a resume, and letters of recommendation to Sean Lehman at sean.lehman@mail.house.gov.
For more information on Congressman Dan Kildee and Michigan’s 5th Congressional District, please visit our website at www.dankildee.house.gov.
 MEM-311-17
    Page 3 of 10

MEM-310-17
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Don Bacon is currently seeking applicants for a full-time internship to start immediately for the Fall 2017 term, running through mid-December. Responsibilities include assisting the staff with front office operations, conducting legislative research, answering constituent calls and inquiries, conducting U.S. Capitol tours, attending committee briefings and hearings, and learning about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be ambitious, proactive, have a positive attitude and demonstrate a strong interest in the legislative process. Unpaid internships are available to qualified college students seeking college credit or recent college graduates. Nebraska ties preferred but not required. No drop-ins or calls. Please e-mail a resume and cover letter to Jason.Tyler@mail.house.gov with a subject line of “Fall 2017 Internship Application”.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking a motivated, organized, and reliable intern to begin immediately. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. California ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter and dates of availability to Peter.Durkin@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.
U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ) seeks fall interns for his Washington, DC office. Duties include sorting and processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, and drafting constituent correspondence. This internship is unpaid.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the Ways and Means Committee and Budget Committee. This internship is an opportunity to work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to Christopher Hadad (Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).
The Office of Congressman Ro Khanna (CA-17) is seeking qualified candidates to intern in our Washington, D.C. office for the dates of 9/15/17 to 12/15/17. Interns will have a chance to experience first-hand the operations of a U.S. Congressional office, learn about the legislative process, and gain Capitol Hill experience.
Responsibilities include administrative tasks such as answering phones, welcoming guests, and leading constituent tours. In addition, interns will be required to conduct legislative research, draft constituent and press correspondence, attend briefings and hearings and other projects as needed.
 MEM-309-17
  MEM-307-17
 MEM-306-17
Page 4 of 10

 MEM-305-17
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to California are preferred, but not required.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to ca17dcinterns.resumes@mail.house.gov. Please include “Last Name, First Name - Internship Application” in the subject line and include your available start and end dates and weekly schedule in the email.
The office of Congresswoman Kay Granger (TX-12) is currently seeking interns for its Washington, D.C. office. Texas ties are strongly preferred, but are not required. Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong work ethic, and the ability to maintain a strong attention to detail. Candidates should also be able to meet deadlines and work in a fast-paced, high-energy environment.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:
• Guiding tours of the Capitol
• Attending policy briefings, hearings, and other policy-related events • Researching policy issues
• Answering constituent phone calls
• Sorting office mail
• Greeting office visitors
Although internships are unpaid, students will gain invaluable experience by working with our staff on legislative issues and providing assistance to constituents. Our office strongly believes in providing interns with the opportunity to work on issues within their field of interest.
Interested candidates should send their resume, application, and a policy proposal (no more than 1,000 words) to internships.granger@mail.house.gov. Our application can be downloaded from our website at https://kaygranger.house.gov/constituent-services/internships. Please use the subject line “Rep. Granger Internship – Washington Office”.
The Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee on the Republican side of the House Foreign Affairs Committee is seeking a Fall intern to handle administrative and some policy duties in the office. Duties will include answering phones, handling logistics for hearings, conducting research, and drafting statements.
  MEM-303-17
Page 5 of 10

 MEM-301-17
Qualified candidates will have a foreign policy background, possess excellent writing and communication skills, and be well-organized, responsible, and detail- oriented.
All interested applicants should e-mail their cover letter, resume, and a 2-5 page writing sample to tnthfac@gmail.com. Cover letters should include the applicant's anticipated availability for the duration of the internship; writing samples may be excerpts of larger works. No walk-ins or phone calls please.
The Office of Congressman Al Green is seeking full-time and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office for the fall. Candidates must be students able to receive academic credit for their internship. Candidates must possess strong research and writing skills, as well as an ability to meet deadlines and multi-task in a fast-paced, high-energy environment. The ideal candidate will also have a strong interest in public policy. Duties will include, but are not limited to, the following: Attending policy briefings, hearings, roundtables, and other policy- related events; drafting memos and talking points; researching policy issues and statistics; tracking legislative debates and policy positions of external stakeholders; and answering phones, and miscellaneous tasks as needed. Please send a resume and 1-2 page writing sample to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov, with the subject line “2017 Fall Internship.” This position is unpaid. We will accept applications on a rolling basis until the positions are filled. Please no phone calls or walk-ins.
The office of Congressman Jeb Hensarling (TX-05) is seeking capable, detail- oriented, and responsible candidates for an unpaid internship in their Washington, D.C. office this fall. Responsibilities include greeting visitors, taking phone calls, giving tours of the Capitol to constituents, sorting mail, and assisting the staff with various administrative and legislative tasks.
Candidates should demonstrate excellent organizational and interpersonal skills, as well as a strong work ethic and positive attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to learn a great deal about the political process and our system of government. Hours for interns are 8:30am to 6:00pm when Congress is in session, and 9:00am to 5:00pm out of session, Monday through Friday.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Hensarling.Tours@mail.house.gov. Use the subject line: Fall 2017 Internship Application. Texas ties are strongly preferred.
Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern for her Washington, D.C. office for fall 2017 (September - December). This internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fast- paced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to
 MEM-297-17
 MEM-296-17
Page 6 of 10

 MEM-294-17
attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be motivated; detail orientated and possesses strong communication and writing skills. This is a great opportunity for college students or recent graduates seeking Hill experience. Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to timothy.huebner@mail.house.gov.
North Carolina Democratic Member of Congress is seeking an unpaid press intern for the Fall Semester in the Washington, D.C. office. The ideal candidate will have graphic design experience, excellent oral- and written-communication skills, and be able to work effectively under deadlines. The press intern will work closely with the communications staff in preparing graphics for use on social media, compiling press clips, assisting with pitching, preparing research, and writing speeches. The press intern will also assist with other administrative office duties as needed. North Carolina ties are appreciated but not required. All interested candidates should email nchousejobs@gmail.com with the subject “Press Intern” and include their resume, a cover letter, one writing example, and a sample graphic.
The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for an internship in Washington, DC for Fall 2017. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors, leading tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning immediately. To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to: Alex.Huang@mail.house.gov. Please indicate expected dates and hours available to work in your cover letter.
Congressman Pete Olson’s Washington DC office is currently accepting internship applications for the Fall semester. Students and recent graduates interested in learning more about our country’s legislative process are encouraged to apply. Interns will gain first-hand experience assisting with community inquiries, casework with federal agencies, provide Capitol tours, and legislative research, as well as attending Congressional events like briefings, hearings, and meetings. All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Keeley Tenney at TX22internships@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman John Faso (NY-19) is accepting resumes for internships in the Washington, DC office.
 MEM-293-17
 MEM-290-17
MEM-289-17
 Page 7 of 10

 MEM-287-17
This internship is available starting in mid-August, 2017 and is unpaid. It is open to all majors and class years. New York ties are preferred.
The duties and responsibilities of the internship include:
• Constituent Relations: Answering phone calls in a kind and professional manner, responding to mail, and greeting guests in the office;
• Attending and preparing summaries on hearings, briefings, and markups;
• Drafting reports and correspondence as necessary;
• All other duties as assigned.
This intern will be assisting the residents of New York’s 19th Congressional District with their issues regarding legislation. It is required that the intern will field calls from constituents and will be expected to register those calls into our database for the Congressman’s review. This intern may be asked to aid members of the staff and Congressman Faso.
A good candidate for this internship should possess:
• Strong interpersonal communication skills;
• Knowledge of current events and national issues;
• The ability to multi-task;
• A positive attitude, good work ethic, and dedication to the task at hand;
• Interest in helping others;
• Basic computer skills.
Candidates who fit the above description and wish to apply for this internship may send their resume and cover letter to: regan.delaney@mail.house.gov.
Congressman French Hill (AR-02) is currently seeking interns to work in his Washington, DC office for the fall semester. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, answering constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Social media and other communications experience are a plus.
Those interested should please send resume and cover letter to ar02.applications@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class schedules. All internships are unpaid, but
 Page 8 of 10

MEM-285-17
academic credit is available for qualifying students. State ties preferred but not required.
The office of Congressman Robert Pittenger (R-NC) is currently accepting applications for legislative interns for this Fall. Candidates should be highly qualified and have excellent writing, research, and interpersonal skills. Ideally, candidates should also be motivated, analytical, and meticulous. This is
an unpaid position, but interns will have the opportunity to collaborate with the legislative staff on various projects and regularly attend hearings, briefings, and meetings. Responsibilities also include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, corresponding with constituents, and other miscellaneous tasks for the legislative staff. Internships can be full or part-time with flexible hours to accommodate student course schedules. Academic credit may also be available based on the candidate's academic institution.
Interested candidates should email a resume to Drew.Nirenberg@mail.house.gov.
The Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee on the Republican side of the House Foreign Affairs Committee is seeking a spring intern to handle administrative and some policy duties in the office. Duties will include answering phones, handling logistics for hearings, conducting research, and drafting statements.
Qualified candidates will have a foreign policy background, possess excellent writing and communication skills, and be well-organized, responsible, and detail- oriented.
All interested applicants should e-mail their cover letter, resume, and a 2-5 page writing sample to tnthfac@gmail.com by September 30, 2017. Cover letters should include the applicant's anticipated availability for the duration of the internship; writing samples may be excerpts of larger works. No walk-ins or phone calls please.
Congressman John Conyers, Jr. (MI-13), Dean of the House of Representatives, Ranking Member on House Judiciary Committee, and longtime advocate for Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s vision of “Jobs, Justice, and Peace,” seeks full-time or part-time unpaid interns/fellows with interest and/or background in macroeconomic policy, in particular a focus on promoting a full employment economy (see goo.gl/QP5xLV); AND/OR interest and/or background in international relations and a deep commitment to promoting de-escalation of conflict abroad through diplomatic engagement. While absolutely not required, grassroots advocacy experience, web design skills, foreign language skills (particularly Spanish, Haitian Creole, Portuguese, Arabic, Russian, or Korean), and/or graduate degrees in a relevant field are preferred. The position will include significant research, writing, event planning, and creative thinking to advance Congressman Conyers’ agenda. This is a policy-oriented position --
 MEM-278-17
 MEM-268-17
 Page 9 of 10

administrative tasks will be kept to a minimum. To apply, send a resume and brief cover letter (and, if possible, a brief writing sample on a relevant topic), highlighting your passion, relevant experience, and potential work availability to JobsJusticePeace2017@gmail.com. Women, minorities, immigrants, individuals with disabilities, individuals from economically disadvantaged backgrounds, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. If you are not sure whether you are qualified, but are interested, please do not hesitate to apply.
 Page 10 of 10
