 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-264-15
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 24, 2015
Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her Washington, D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the Fall 2015 term. Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative process and have a desire to learn while being a part of a hardworking team. Ideal candidates will possess strong writing and verbal communication skills, a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist staff with legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings, draft memos, sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours. Candidates with Maryland ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a brief (no more than one page) writing sample by Tuesday, September 1, 2015 to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Don Beyer is accepting applications for unpaid internships to begin forthwith in his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be self-motivated, and possessed of sound judgment, knowledge of politics, and a
 MEM-263-15
Page 1 of 28

 MEM-262-15
sense of humor. The proximity of Virginia’s 8th District means that there is a substantial amount of work to be done in the areas of press, legislative research, and constituent services, and our interns get experience with a wide variety of responsibilities.
To apply, please email resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to Aaron.Fritschner@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY), Ranking Member on the House Committee on Rules is seeking a full-time press intern to work as part of Congresswoman Slaughter’s 4-person communications team.
The press intern will work directly with the communications director and digital director to carry out the press team’s responsibilities including - but not limited to - helping create digital content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting press releases, and fielding calls from reporters. Special skills such as photography or video editing a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips at 8:00 am and ends at 4:00 pm.
First-hand experience in the Congressional office will provide a unique opportunity to participate in the fast-paced press operation of a senior Democratic member.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one-to-three page writing sample, and a portfolio sample if available to James Blum
at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov.
Contact James at 202-225-3615 with any questions.
The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a full- or part- time national security intern for Fall 2015. This is an unpaid position in the Congresswoman’s Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates should be well-organized, have good oral and written communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about the legislative process, homeland security, defense, and intelligence issues. The intern will assist in the day-to-day operations of a D.C. Congressional office by supporting staff members with constituent communication, and will also assist with legislative research and administrative activities.
National security policy experience and Hawaii ties are appreciated but not required. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter detailing availability to Christine.Wagner@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2015 Internship Application” in the email subject line.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. No calls or walk-ins please. Page 2 of 28
 MEM-260-15
 
MEM-259-15
The district offices of Congressman Rod Blum (R IA-01) are seeking candidates for an unpaid internship to assist with day-to-day operations in Cedar Rapids, Dubuque, or Cedar Falls, Iowa. Responsibilities include administrative office duties, researching legislation, planning and attending district events, recording constituent input, and attending meetings throughout the district. Part-time or full-time positions are available. The ideal candidate will be professional, responsible, have strong writing skills, and above all, be dedicated to upholding the principles of the Constitution.
Interested applicants should send their resume and cover letter, including desired office placement, to: Alexah.Rogge@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster (NH-02) is seeking qualified candidates to intern full time and part time in our Washington, D.C. office. Interns will have a chance to experience first-hand the operations of a U.S. Congressional office, learn about the legislative process, and gain Capitol Hill experience.
Responsibilities include administrative tasks such as answering phones, welcoming guests, and leading constituent tours. In addition, interns will be required to conduct legislative research, draft constituent correspondence and vote recommendations, attend briefings and hearings and other projects as needed.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to the Northeast—especially New Hampshire—are preferred, but not required.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references to NH02.Internship@mail.house.gov. Please include “Last Name, First Name - Internship Application” in the subject line and include your available start and end dates and weekly schedule in the email.
The Office of Congressman Curt Clawson (R-FL) is seeking full-time and part- time interns for the 2015 fall semester (August – December) in its Washington, D.C. location.
The ideal candidate will have excellent research and writing skills, be able to multi-task, and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include answering the phone, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communications staff on various projects.
Internships are unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms for students Page 3 of 28
 MEM-258-15
 MEM-257-15

 MEM-256-15
to receive academic credit.
Hours are 8:30 – 5:30 on available days, ideally Monday/Wednesday or Tuesday/Thursday with alternate Fridays.
Please contact Emily.Manning@mail.house.gov with a resume and one-page writing sample to apply.
Senior New Jersey Republican Congressman is seeking interns for his Washington, DC office.
Applications being accepted for Fall semester, and throughout the year.
Intern duties will include, but are not limited to: answering constituent letters on various issues, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings and answering phones.
Interns will also conduct Capitol tours for visitors.
Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a Congressional office. Candidates must be highly motivated; detail oriented, and possess strong communication and organizational skills, while having a strong work ethic to complete tasks on a deadline.
The internship is unpaid.
Interns can receive college credit based on policy of the educational institution. Flexible work schedules are available, but full days preferred.
Please send resumes and cover letters to Stephen Bradford at NJ05Internship@mail.house.gov.
Internships are available with the House Budget Committee Democratic staff throughout the year and typically last the length of a college semester.
Primary responsibilities include answering phones, reviewing budget news articles, conducting research, preparing for Committee events and working with budget analysts on special projects. Interns will have the opportunity to participate in Budget Committee briefings, hearings and markups. In addition, interns are encouraged to attend events held by other committees. Preference will be given to applicants who have completed at least two years of undergraduate education.
Ideal candidates can work full time from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm, Monday through Friday, or a minimum of four days per week.
To apply please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample via email to budget.democrats@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-253-15
 Page 4 of 28

MEM-252-15
The Office of Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14) is seeking full and part-time interns for fall 2015 in our Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills and a strong work ethic.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting the staff with general office duties, answering phones, responding to constituent mail, researching legislative issues, leading Capitol Hill tours, and attending briefings and hearings.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to Ryan.Diffley@mail.house.gov, please use the subject “Fall 2015 Intern”.
Midwest Democrat is seeking interns for the fall 2015 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress.
Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid. Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American Government, fiscal issues, education and reproductive rights.
Wisconsin ties a plus. Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00 pm).
Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov by August 28, 2015.
Congressman Mike Honda represents California’s 17th Congressional District, which includes much of Silicon Valley. He serves on the prestigious Appropriations Committee’s subcommittees on Commerce, Justice, and Science and on Energy and Water. He is a champion of progressive ideals has a strong focus on education, civil rights, and science and technology policy.
Democratic Congressman Mike Honda is seeking interns for the fall.
 MEM-251-15
 MEM-250-15
Page 5 of 28

 MEM-247-15
Interns will:
- Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting incoming mail, greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
- Assist in the preparation of letters to constituents.
- Perform legislative research.
- Respond to requests from constituents.
- Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
- Sit in on meetings with stakeholders.
- Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the legislative process.
Candidates with full-time availability are highly preferred.
Additionally, ties to the Bay Area and additional languages are preferred.
POC for resumes submission: Bayareademocrat@gmail.com.
Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) seeks undergraduate or graduate students for full-time or part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, DC office. As a fast-paced office for an active member of the Democratic leadership, we expect a lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess excellent writing and communications skills, strong attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative process. Colorado ties preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to CO01.scheduler@mail.house.gov.
Midwest Democrat seeks press intern for spring semester.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will gain experience fact finding, researching current events, updating press lists, writing and editing press releases, working on the E-newsletters, and editing social media. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Intern responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, an interest in how a press office works, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful
 MEM-246-15
Page 6 of 28

 MEM-243-15
MEM-242-15
interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American Government. Wisconsin ties are a plus.
Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00 pm).
Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov by September 5th, 2015.
West Virginia Republican Congressman is accepting applications for interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Duties will include answering telephones, greeting visitors, conducting tours, processing flag requests and assisting D.C. staff with various projects. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills, time management skills, and writing skills. West Virginia ties are preferred.
Please send a cover letter and resume to WV03Job@gmail.com with “Intern” listed in the subject header. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks fall interns for her Washington, D.C. office. Interns will work in a fast-paced and fun congressional office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Additionally, interns will have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and briefings for the legislative staff. The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public service. Prospective interns should be able to commit at least 16 hours per week. Washington state ties are a plus, but are not required.
Interested applicants should send a current resume and cover letter to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
The Office of Congresswoman Marcia L. Fudge is looking for a motivated unpaid press intern in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern responsibilities include assisting the staff with general office duties, attending briefings and hearings, assisting communications team with research and writing support, compiling news clips, drafting press releases, developing copy for the web, answering phones, sorting mail, and giving Capitol tours. Applicants must possess strong writing and communication skills, have a positive attitude and be well-organized.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resumé, and writing sample to Page 7 of 28
    MEM-241-15

 MEM-240-15
OH11pressjobs@mail.house.gov. Ohio ties preferred, but not required.
The House Committee on Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific
seeks interns for the fall and winter 2015 terms.
The subcommittee intern is expected to be motivated and entrepreneurial, have strong written and oral communication skills, be detail-oriented, technically savvy, and perform a variety of tasks. The intern will assist with daily subcommittee operations such as research, database maintenance, fact checking, content editing, and proofreading. The intern will also assist with preparation and execution of subcommittee hearings such as conducting research and analysis, scheduling, and organizing documents for staff and members.
Proactive interns will be able to take advantage of this opportunity by participation in hearings, briefings, and meetings, as well as other opportunities to enhance their knowledge of Asia policy and professional life on Capitol Hill. Interns are expected to demonstrate a high level of professionalism and reliability. All internships are unpaid.
Information about the subcommittee’s membership and recent activities can be found at http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/subcommittees/asia-and-pacific.
Interested candidates should send a resume and a cover letter explaining interest in the subcommittee’s work and qualifications for the position to hfac.asia.internship@gmail.com. Applications will be accepted as late as September 30, but will be considered on a rolling basis.
The Majority Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a full- time or part-time press and social media intern to start in August in its Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to compiling press clips, drafting talking points and press releases, updating social media and working closely with the legislative staff. The ideal candidate will possess strong written communications skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, professionalism and a good sense of humor.
Please note that the internship is unpaid and housing is not provided.
Interested applicants should send your resume, short writing sample and completed application, including essay, found on our website, http://veterans.house.gov/internship-opportunities to Jessica Eggimann at varinternship@mail.house.gov with "Press Intern" in the subject line.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid congressional internship for Fall 2015. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication
  MEM-239-15
  MEM-238-15
Page 8 of 28

 MEM-236-15
MEM-235-15
skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are preferred.
Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “Fall Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
Interns based in Washington, D.C. will focus on learning about the legislative process and the federal government by working closely with the legislative, communications and constituent services staff members.
Interested candidates should email their cover letter, resume, a short writing sample and a letter of recommendation to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov.
New England Democrat is seeking full and part-time interns for the fall of 2015, with openings beginning September 1. Interns perform legislative and administrative work in Congress while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include providing constituent services, attending legislative briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, special projects of interest, and, most importantly, learning about the inner workings of the House of Representatives.
Northeast ties are preferred but not required. All internships are unpaid. Please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and availability to
kerry.mckittrick@mail.house.gov.
Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her District office for unpaid Administrative/ Outreach internships during the Fall 2015 term. Interns will work in the District office assisting with various tasks. Responsibilities include assisting with constituent files, gathering information from federal agencies, and answering constituent calls.
S/he will monitor congressional inquiries through online databases.
Ideal candidates will be detailed oriented, well organized, and able to conduct research. Interns should also possess strong written and verbal communication skills and be able to operate in a professional setting. Undergraduates and recent graduates of any major with ties to Maryland are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability by August 28th to Corey.Daniels@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Coffman (R-CO) seeks hard-working, enthusiastic legislative interns for the Fall 2015 semester in his Washington, DC office. Interns are responsible for: giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering constituent calls, sorting constituent correspondence, assisting legislative staff with research and writing, processing U.S. flag requests, attending Congressional briefings and hearings, and attending events with the Congressman as necessary.
  MEM-234-15
 MEM-233-15
Page 9 of 28

 MEM-232-15
Applicants should have strong written and oral communication skills, exceptional interpersonal skills, and have demonstrable interest in public policy and government. Attractive applicants will have completed at least 60 credit hours of undergraduate coursework. Those with Colorado ties and professional proficiency in Spanish are encouraged to apply. Although the internship is unpaid, this is a great way to learn about the legislative process and begin a career on the Hill.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to ColoradoRepublican06@gmail.com.
Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
Fall. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi- task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office
duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to NY .ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
Nevada Republican Congressman is seeking an intern for his Washington, DC office. Applications being accepted for Fall term, and throughout the year. Intern duties will include, but are not limited to answering constituent letters on various issues, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings and answering phones. Interns will also learn about the buildings 'on the hill' and conduct tours for visitors.
Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a Congressional office. Candidates must be highly motivated; detail oriented, and possess strong communication and organizational skills, while having a strong work ethic to complete tasks on a deadline.
The intern experience can support a college education as well as receive credit through the intern’s college.
Flexible work schedules are available and can be discussed. Minimum is 3 full days a week.
Training for all aspects of the intern position will be provided.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to: Deborah.hansen@mail.house.gov. Page 10 of 28
 MEM-231-15
 
MEM-230-15
The Washington, DC office of Congressman Luis V. Gutiérrez is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill internship positions in the fall of 2015. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol Tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast paced environment, an eagerness to learn about the legislative process, as well as a minimum four day per week availability. Internships are unpaid. Spanish- fluency and Illinois ties are a plus.
Please send a résumé, cover letter, and dates of availability to Julissa.Santoy@mail.house.gov with “Intern” in the subject line.
Congressman Vern Buchanan (R-FL-16) has full-time and part-time, unpaid internships available for the fall session (August - December) in his Washington, DC office. Duties include but are not limited to answering telephones, greeting visitors, conducting tours of the Capitol, researching legislative issues and writing letters. There will also be opportunities to experience Washington DC and attend briefings, classes and hearings.
Qualified candidates should possess excellent organizational and communication skills, should have a positive attitude, and a strong work ethic. Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university.
All interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to jillian.gates@mail.house.gov with “2015 Fall Internship” in the subject line. Include in your cover letter why you would like to intern for Congressman Buchanan’s Washington Office, why you believe you are qualified, and your availability. Potential candidates will be contacted via email.
Democratic Leadership Office seeks highly motivated, part-time or full time interns for Fall 2015. Intern responsibilities include administrative duties and a few legislative duties as necessary. Administrative support includes sorting mail, preparing briefing binders, setting up events, and other special projects as assigned by staff. The position requires the ability to multitask, strong organizational skills, and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment.
The internship is unpaid, but interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience in a Democratic Leadership office.
Please send a resume and cover letter to deminternship@gmail.com. Please no drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.
 MEM-229-15
 MEM-228-15
 Page 11 of 28

MEM-226-15
Congresswoman Chellie Pingree (ME-01) is currently seeking full- or part-time interns for the 2015 fall semester in her Washington, DC office. Interns will assist in the day-to-day operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting members of staff with constituent communication, legislative research, and administrative activities. They will also serve as a tour coordinator and occasionally act as a guide of the United States Capitol to Maine constituents visiting Washington.
Qualified candidates will possess an interest in the legislative process, excellent writing and communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a willingness to learn and take on new tasks. The internship is unpaid, though interns will be an essential component to the effectiveness of the office and will be considered an integral member of the team. Maine ties are preferred, but not necessary.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample
to evan.johnston@mail.house.gov with the subject line Fall Internship.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. Please no drop bys or phone calls.
Internships are currently available in Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren’s (CA-19) Washington, D.C. office for the 2015 Fall Semester. Congresswoman Lofgren represents California’s 19th Congressional District, which lies in the heart of California’s “Silicon Valley”.
Interns have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a busy Congressional office and gain invaluable work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the legislative process.
Interns’ responsibilities will vary—in addition to answering phones and running errands around the Capitol, interns will have the opportunity to attend hearings and briefings, research legislation for legislative staff, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent writing and analytical skills, a demonstrated work ethic, and ability to function in a fast-paced environment. A successful candidate will be motivated, able to multitask, and have the ability to work well under pressure. Full-time internship positions are available beginning August 24, 2015. Internships are unpaid. California-19 and/or California ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should apply through http://lofgren.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman John Ratcliffe (TX-04) is currently seeking interns for the Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2015 semester. Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to, assisting staff with general office duties, attending
 MEM-225-15
 MEM-224-15
Page 12 of 28

 MEM-223-15
hearings/briefings for staff members, answering phones, sorting through mail, drafting response letters, and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol. Candidates should be highly motivated and have good communication skills. This position is unpaid, but does offer a great educational experience for anyone with aspirations of working on the Hill. Having Texas ties is a plus.
All interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to Robert.peters@mail.house.gov.
Moderate Southern Democrat seeks applicants for part-time and full-time unpaid congressional internships in Washington, DC. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting constituents and visitors to the office, assisting with day-to-day operations at the office, answering phones, leading tours of The US Capitol, running errands and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates should possess superior written and verbal communication skills and an interest in learning the intricacies of the legislative process. Part-time interns will be expected to commit to at least two full day shifts (9:00am to 6:00pm) per week, Monday through Friday. Ties to Florida are preferred, though not required.
Interested parties should submit a resume as well as two professional references to FloridaDemResumeRepository@gmail.com.
Florida Republican seeks an intern for the Fall 2015 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings and receptions. Our office is looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as part of a team. Applicants should have a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Florida ties preferred, but not required. Interns must be able to commit three full days a week (9:00am-6:00pm during Session and 9:00am-5:00pm during Congressional Recess) at minimum. Students welcome to apply.
Those interested please send resume and cover letter to
FL26Internships@gmail.com.
The Office of Representative Amash is seeking bright, liberty-minded students to intern this fall. Regular hours for interns are 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. on voting days and 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on nonvoting days. Our office may accommodate interns who are available only part time.
 MEM-222-15
 MEM-220-15
Page 13 of 28

 MEM-219-15
Successful applicants will have a positive attitude and friendly demeanor, possess excellent written and verbal communication skills, and demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, and the defense of the Constitution.
Responsibilities may include leading U.S. Capitol tours, answering phones, entering data, attending legislative briefings and other meetings, and assisting staff with legislative research and correspondence. Interns will have the opportunity to interact with me on a daily basis and will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
To request more information, or to apply for an internship, please contact my office at mi03.internship@mail.house.gov.
Required application materials include a résumé, cover letter, and two short writing samples. Please include "Rep. Amash Internship" in the subject line for all applications.
The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its Fall 2015 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support. Please note that this is not a paid internship.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available hours to CHADem.Intern@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship.”
Florida Republican is seeking interns for early September through December 2015. Qualified candidates will be hardworking, motivated self-starters, detail- oriented, and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Daily duties as an intern will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituents services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending hearings. Florida ties are a plus but not a requirement. This internship is unpaid, however, individuals will gain invaluable work experience.
Please send a resume and cover letter to FloridaConservativeRepublican@gmail.com with subject line “Intern” for consideration.
 MEM-216-15
 Page 14 of 28

MEM-215-15
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Roybal-Allard is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill internship positions through December 18th. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol Tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative
tasks. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast- paced environment, an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs, as well as full-week availability. Spanish-fluency and California ties are a plus.
Please send a résumé, cover letter, a short writing sample (no longer than one page), and dates of availability to jhostyn.duval@mail.house.gov with “Intern” in the subject line.
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is seeking interns for the fall starting in September. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups. Interns will work on substantive research projects and press matters. Additionally, interns are critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at http://democrats.science.house.gov/contact-us. Please fill out the application provided and send in a resume and two references.
A Democratic California Congressman is seeking interns to join his Washington, D.C. team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting as soon as possible, for a duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: assisting with scheduling, answering phone calls, attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hard-working intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more complex legislative and press-related projects. Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail resume and cover letter in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks full time hard working intern for fall 2015. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various
 MEM-214-15
 MEM-212-15
 MEM-211-15
Page 15 of 28

 MEM-209-15
briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.
Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast- paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to michelle.serrato@mail.house.gov.
  Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his Leadership
office. Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) transcribing videos, collecting press clips, live-streaming briefings, supporting the Operations team in preparing Caucus events, answering phones, providing constituency outreach support to Democratic Members of Congress and their staff, conducting research, extracting and formatting large quantities of data, writing detailed memos, attending relevant briefings and meetings, and assisting with team projects. Applicants should be motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multi-task. Experience or interest in social media is a plus. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic credit or congressional internship/fellowship program participants. The intern should be prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-208-15
MEM-206-15
The Office of Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks interns for Fall 2015 (September-December). Internship responsibilities will include: assisting with research, processing mail, data entry, reception duties, office errands, and other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor. Ideal candidate will have strong oral and written communication abilities, a willingness to learn, basic knowledge of
Page 16 of 28

 MEM-205-15
the political process, and a firm opinion on the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. Pennsylvania ties preferred. Both full and part time will be considered.
Please send a resume, cover letter (including availability), and writing sample to Colleen Carlos at colleen.carlos@mail.house.gov.
Please no phone calls or drop-ins.
Florida Democrat seeks a full-time, unpaid press intern for the Washington, D.C. office. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, motivated, and able to multi- task efficiently. Applicants should possess strong written and oral communication skills. Preference will be given to candidates with Florida ties and those who speak Spanish.
Daily responsibilities may include:
• Updating website content;
• Compiling daily press clips;
• Video filming and editing;
• Conducting research projects;
• Drafting press materials (including e-newsletters, background
information, and press releases);
• Assisting with press events; and
• Transcribing interviews.
This is an excellent opportunity for a candidate to gain substantive press experience with an extremely active Member of Congress.
Please prepare a cover letter addressing prior press experience and interest, a résumé and a one-page writing sample. Email the .PDF formatted materials to DCInternships.Grayson@mail.house.gov. Please indicate “Press Intern” in the subject line.
Senior Democratic Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-30) seeks highly motivated, full and part-time interns for Fall 2015. Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties. Legislative support includes preparing materials for hearings, attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and congressional offices, and researching legislation for the Member and Legislative Staff. Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, leading tours and sorting mail. Candidates should be professional, possess strong oral and written communication skills, have the ability to multitask, and have a good sense of humor. Ties to California’s 30th Congressional District are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter and resume to brads.interns@mail.house.gov with “CA-30 Internship” as the subject.
The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a full- Page 17 of 28
 MEM-204-15
 MEM-203-15

 MEM-202-15
time or part-time intern for the Fall of 2015. This is an opportunity to learn about the inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol, conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the legislative and governmental process.
To apply, please send a resume, three references, writing sample, and cover letter to william.washington@mail.house.gov, with the subject ‘Norton Internship’. No phone calls or drop-ins please. Deadline of 5:00 p.m. August 14, 2015.
Florida Democrat seeks intern for the Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2015 semester. Candidates should be motivated, enthusiastic, and possess strong interpersonal skills. The internship will provide exposure to all areas of a legislative office. Interns will be responsible for assisting the team with phones, mail, tours, flag-requests, and related front office duties.
Additional tasks, including drafting constituent correspondence, research projects, and attending hearings may be assigned on a case-by-case basis.
This is a great opportunity for individuals who are interested in learning about the workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process in a busy office.
Both full and part-time internships are available.
Please email cover letter, résumé and two writing samples to DCInternships.Grayson@mail.house.gov. Please indicate “FALL 2015 Semester” in the subject line.
California Congressman Jared Huffman is seeking current college students or recent college graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for a full-time or part-time fall semester internship. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-to- day duties. Such duties include attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, drafting constituent correspondence letters, doing legislative research, and various other tasks. The internship is unpaid, though interns will gain valuable Hill and office experience and will have access to many unique Hill opportunities. California ties are preferred, but not necessary.
Please send a resume and cover letter to DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov. Please no drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.
Congressman Matt Cartwright (D-PA) is seeking unpaid interns for his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2015 term (August/September -
December). Intern duties include answering the phone, writing letters, attending
 MEM-201-15
 MEM-200-15
Page 18 of 28

 MEM-199-15
legislative briefings, and assisting staff members with special projects. Attention to detail and strong writing and grammar skills are required. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are especially encouraged to apply, although all applications will be considered equally regardless of state or district.
Prospective candidates should apply online and submit a resume and cover letter to http://cartwright.house.gov/services/internships. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) D.C. office seeks interns for the fall session. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity and can take initiative, is committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This position demands the ability to multi-task, high efficiency and strong organizational skills as well as an ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others. Duties include: answering telephone calls, responding to general constituent inquiries and requests for tours, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing administrative assistance to the DC staff. Undergraduate students or recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to: bradley.solyan@mail.house.gov. Please include your availability in your cover letter.
Colorado Republican is seeking interns for late August through December of 2015. Interns are paid if they do not receive college credit for their internship. Qualified candidates should be detail-oriented, hardworking, and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities include providing constituent tours, drafting correspondence, attending various briefings, providing research for legislative staff, and assisting the front office staff.
Please send a resume and cover letter to CODCIntern@gmail.com.
The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Democratic Staff is seeking highly motivated unpaid interns for Fall 2015 internships. Candidates should be organized, professional, quick learners, team players and approach new challenges with a positive attitude.
TITLE: Intern
REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator/Supervisor
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to assist in performing clerking duties, processing the mail, data entry,
reception duties and other office errands. DUTIES:
• Sorts and distributes mail; Page 19 of 28
 MEM-198-15
MEM-195-15
 
 MEM-194-15
• Performs data entry, including logging in incoming letters;
• Answers the telephones;
• Assists staff with Committee business including: Hearings, Briefings, and
Business Meetings;
• Performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
To apply for this position, please send an email to Brett.Cozzolino@mail.house.gov with a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample.
Washington, D.C. — The House Democratic Caucus is looking for a full time press intern for the fall semester with availability beginning at the end of August. Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) assisting with press clips, production and editing of studio videos, staffing of live stream events, graphic design, formatting and extracting large quantities of data, and assisting in team projects. Applicants should be self-starters, motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multi-task. Experience in Adobe Suite or other design software and proficiency in Spanish highly preferred. Experience and interest in press operations and the congressional process is a plus. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students or Congressional internship program participants.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter detailing availability to DemCaucusPressIntern@Gmail.com.
Congressman Adam Kinzinger (IL) is looking for unpaid interns in his Washington, DC office for the 2015 fall Semester. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative projects, and attending briefings and hearings. Ideal candidates should have a strong work ethic, be energetic and engaging, and possess a positive attitude. Candidates with Illinois ties are encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter (with start date) to internsIL16@gmail.com.
Our Washington interns will be exposed to a wide range of activities on Capitol Hill. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns will need to be able to communicate professionally, balance multiple tasks at once, and have a teachable attitude. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative process, the various functions of a Congressional office, and the way things work on Capitol Hill. It is an invaluable
 MEM-190-15
 MEM-189-15
Page 20 of 28

 MEM-187-15
MEM-186-15
opportunity for both educational and professional development. Interested applicants should email resumes directly to
taylor.huhn@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Rep. Scott Rigell (VA-02) is seeking politically Conservative unpaid Fall 2015 interns in their Washington, DC, office to begin in August/September through December. The Office seeks an outgoing, enthusiastic person with at least 3 days/week availability who would like experience working in a Congressional Office. Virginia ties are a plus but not required.
Interested persons should submit resumes to Julie.Moorhead@mail.house.gov. The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (D-NJ) is seeking qualified interns
for our D.C. office this fall.
CONTACT:
Quin La Capra
Internship Coordinator quin.lacapra@mail.house.gov
RESPONSIBILITIES
Intern duties vary on a daily basis, but are all critical to the function of our office. Daily tasks include, but are not limited to, answering phones, responding to constituent requests, compiling research on targeted issues and assisting with staff-led projects. In addition, interns lead Capitol tours, run errands and complete various administrative tasks as needed. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend special events, such as committee hearings, briefings and seminars.
Internships run throughout the fall, spring or summer semesters for college students. Although this internship is unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
QUALIFICA TIONS
Prospective applications should be highly motivated self-starters, eager to learn about Capitol Hill and the mechanisms of the United States Congress. We are looking for individuals with an excellent work ethic, ability to multitask and most importantly, a willingness to learn.
They must demonstrate:
-An ability to produce polished work
-An ability to maintain professionalism in a work environment -An interest in the legislative process
-Strong communication skills
  Page 21 of 28

 MEM-185-15
-Experience using Microsoft Office
APPLICA TION
Please submit a resume, cover letter and writing sample to Quin La Capra via email at: quin.lacapra@mail.house.gov. Closing Date: September 4th.
Arkansas Republican is seeking interns for late August through December 2015. Qualified candidates will be hardworking, motivated self-starters, detail-oriented, and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Daily duties as an intern will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending hearings. Arkansas ties are a plus but not a requirement. This internship is unpaid.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to ArkansasGOPIntern@gmail.com.
The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid intern for Fall 2015. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending hearings.
Interested candidates should send their resume, a cover letter, and a brief writing sample to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com.
New Jersey Democrat seeking interns for the fall semester (Aug through Dec 2015). Qualified candidates will be organized, motivated self-starters, with strong communication and writing skills. Day-to-day duties include assisting with front office operations which includes greeting visitors, opening and sorting mail, answering phones, and conducting Capitol tours. Interns will also attend hearings and briefings and conduct research for staff. This internship is unpaid.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a one page writing sample to: nj08jobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins.
The Washington, DC office of Congressman Paul Gosar (AZ-04) seeks a highly motivated full or part-time intern for Fall 2015. Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential. Intern responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, assisting staff with legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will: answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative research.
 MEM-184-15
 MEM-179-15
 MEM-178-15
Page 22 of 28

 MEM-176-15
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample(s) to GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com.
Congressman John Lewis, Representative for the 5th District of Georgia, seeks fall interns for his Washington, D.C., office. Interns will work in a fast-paced setting and gain valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress. Responsibilities include greeting constituents and visitors, handling phone calls, supporting staff with administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, aiding communications staff, and assisting with special projects and assignments. Preference will be given to those with Georgia connections and those available full-time.
If you would like to receive more information or apply to our internship program, please complete the application at http://johnlewis.house.gov/. For immediate consideration, please send the application, resume, and writing sample to Sarah.Hager@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Candice S. Miller (R-MI) seeks legislative interns for the Fall 2015 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, managing constituent phone calls, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with constituent correspondence, and attend legislative briefings, congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Requirements: Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team environment, and possess a strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to perform a variety of tasks and administrative functions. Michigan ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, please send cover letter and resume to mi10intern@gmail.com .
North Carolina Democrat seeks an unpaid Legislative Fellow for her Washington, D.C. office. Duties include assisting the legislative staff in conducting research, analyzing legislation, drafting memoranda, organizing talking points, and preparing for events. The Legislative Fellow will also be expected to assist the office with administrative duties. North Carolina ties are a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Please send your resume and cover letter to nc12internjobs@gmail.com. The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting Page 23 of 28
  MEM-174-15
 MEM-173-15
MEM-171-15
 
 MEM-170-15
and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a resume and three writing samples.
Please submit all inquiries with the subject “Press Internship” to: NY .ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
Fall. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi- task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office
duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern for her Washington, D.C. office for Fall 2015 (mid-August to December). This internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fast- paced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be motivated; detail orientated and possesses strong communication and writing skills. This is a great opportunity for recent graduates seeking Hill experience. Michigan ties are preferred.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to kevin.rambosk@mail.house.gov.
Midwest Republican seeks full time hard working intern for Fall 2015. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.
 MEM-169-15
 MEM-168-15
 Page 24 of 28

MEM-167-15
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office in August. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests. Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are preferred. This is an unpaid internship.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
New Jersey Democratic Congressman Frank Pallone (NJ-06), the Ranking Member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, seeks full time and part time unpaid interns for his personal office during the fall 2015 semester. We are seeking personable, hardworking and motivated individuals with excellent oral and written communication skills. Job duties will include, but are not limited to: answering phones, assisting staffers with general administrative duties, attending briefings, drafting letters to constituents, and conducting congressional
research. New Jersey ties are strongly preferred, but not necessary. A good sense of humor is a plus.
Please email, with the subject “Fall 2015 Internship Application”, a resume, cover letter, and references to thomas.egan@mail.house.gov, and please include your dates and times of availability. We have immediate vacancies to be filled.
Conservative Republican seeks highly motivated fall interns for DC
office. Successful candidates will be organized, hard-working, and detail- oriented. Intern will be responsible for assisting staff with legislative and administrative duties such as greeting visitors, drafting constituent correspondence, answering phones, and leading Capitol tours. Interns will also have opportunities to attend staff briefings and committee hearings to gain firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. The position is unpaid, and the intern is responsible for finding housing in the DC area. Florida ties preferred.
If interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and available dates to fl11internship@gmail.com. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the fall 2015 semester. Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips, assist with front office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications and writing skills are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not required.
 MEM-166-15
 MEM-164-15
 MEM-162-15
Page 25 of 28

 MEM-160-15
Please submit a cover letter, brief writing sample, and resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.
Nevada Republican seeks a legislative intern for August and/or Fall 2015. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Legislative Internship Qualifications:
Our office is looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be self- starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to do assist with daily office tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Legislative Internship Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00am- 6:00pm). Students welcome to apply.
Those interested please send cover letter, updated resume, and references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.
Nevada Republican seeks an unpaid communications intern for August 2015 and/or Fall 2015. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the communications process and the United States Congress. Communication intern responsibilities include tracking and reporting on social media and news story comments, drafting social media posts, establishing and managing a twitter account, and reaching out to local/national reporters on social media. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend events and committee meetings to take photos and videos, work with the communications director to put press releases on the website, and assist with writing projects at the discretion of the communications director. Interns will also help facilitate our constituent communications program and guide constituents on tours of the US Capitol building.
Communications Intern Qualifications:
Our office seeks an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be self- starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently and as a member of a team environment. Applicants must have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist
 MEM-159-15
Page 26 of 28

 MEM-154-15
with daily communication tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Communications Intern Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00 am- 6:00 pm) with the option of working full-time, June through August. Students are welcome to apply.
If interested, please send a cover letter, updated resume, sample of a social media post for a congressperson, and references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.
North Carolina Democrat seeks an unpaid Communications Fellow for her Washington, D.C. office. Duties include tracking press clips and traffic on social media networks, updating and maintaining press contact lists, drafting press releases, and assisting with the office's day-to-day communications operation. Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications, new media, or journalism. North Carolina ties are a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Please send your resume and cover letter to nc12internjobs@gmail.com. New York Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) is seeking unpaid interns,
preferably to begin immediately. Interns will:
• Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting incoming mail, greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
• Assist in the preparation of constituent responses.
• Perform legislative research.
• Respond to requests from constituents.
• Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
• Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the federal legislative process.
Candidates with graphic design, layout, Photoshop and computer programming skills are highly preferred.
Congressman Jerrold Nadler represents New York's 10th Congressional District, which includes parts of Manhattan and Brooklyn. Congressman Nadler serves on the Judiciary Committee and on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, where he is the highest ranking member from New York. He is the Ranking member of The Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet.
To Apply:
Please e-mail a resume, brief cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample to: Email: Christian.Barbato@mail.house.gov .
Arkansas Republican is seeking interns for August through December 2015. Qualified candidates will be hardworking, motivated self-starters, detail-oriented,
 MEM-152-15
  MEM-150-15
Page 27 of 28

and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Daily duties as an intern will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending hearings. Arkansas ties are a plus but not a requirement.
This internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to ArkansasGOPIntern@gmail.com.
 Page 28 of 28
