 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 25, 2019
  MEM-623-19
A senior-ranking Republican member on the Committee of Ways & Means is
   seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships starting in January. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process.
D.C. responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings. Florida ties are strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to housegopinternshipfl@outlook.com. No phone calls or drop-ins will be considered.
 MEM-620-19
Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the 2020 winter/spring semester. Interns
   will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Page 1 of 25

Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus! Applications due by Dec. 12th.
Please email Courtney.Hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and resume. Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted for consideration.
  MEM-619-19
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek a motivated and reliable student to fill a full-time digital intern position in the spring. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation, website maintenance, analytics, photography, videography, and performing other press and administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess skills in Adobe programs (Photoshop, Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro, Audition, and After Effects), CMS, CSS, HTML, manual photography, analytics, and an ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-618-19
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek a detail- oriented student with a passion for communications to fill a full-time press intern position in the spring.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. This position reports to the deputy press secretary and broader communications team. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-617-19
The office of Congressman Mike Thompson (CA-05) is currently seeking applications for our spring internship program running from January 2020 through May. Mike Thompson represents California's 5th Congressional District. The district includes all of Napa and parts of Contra Costa, Lake, Solano and Sonoma Counties. Duties include greeting guests and constituents, answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, attending briefings, performing legislative research, drafting constituent correspondence letters and other various tasks to
 Page 2 of 25

assist staff.
This opportunity will enable you to strengthen your understanding of the legislative process and will give you a front row seat to all that takes place in the United States Congress. Successful candidates have a professional demeanor, are hardworking, possess strong writing skills and a strong attention to detail. CA or district ties are preferable, but not required.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to katie.clements@mail.house.gov with ‘Team Thompson Internship’ in the subject line.
  MEM-615-19
The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is seeking full or part-time Spring interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover letter to ally.hibben@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Spring 2020 Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
     office in Washington, D.C. Please email your resume, cover letter, references, and application to Bailey.senyitko@mail.house.gov.
Here is a link to the application:
https://palazzo.house.gov/uploadedfiles/intern_application_dc_office_.pdf
  MEM-614-19
We are currently looking for spring interns in Congressman Steven Palazzo’s
MEM-612-19
Position: Spring Congressional Internship – Bruce Westerman (AR-04) Description: Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for his spring 2020 paid Policy and Press Internship positions in his Washington, D.C. office. He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated, detail-oriented, and personable.
The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest.
Responsibilities will include answering the phone, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on various projects. Candidates with particular policy interests in natural resources, forest management, transportation and infrastructure, or health care, as well as those interested in a more press/media- focused internship should apply. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required.
 Page 3 of 25

 Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
westerman.internship@yahoo.com
    Description:
California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office, intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Internships are paid and/or the office will provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.
 MEM-610-19
Position: California Republican seeks Spring 2020 Interns
MEM-609-19
The Republican staff of the House Committee on the Budget is currently accepting applications for Winter 2020 interns (January and February). We are seeking dependable, politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude and strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by assisting staff in assignments that include but are not limited to: compiling daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based projects.
Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those generally interested in public policy are strongly encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school. The deadline to apply is December 15, 2019. Applicants should email a resume, cover letter, one page writing sample and completed application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov.
Please visit republicans-budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will not be considered. Paid internships may be available to students working full-time and not receiving course credit.
   MEM-608-19 The Republican staff of the House Committee on the Budget is currently accepting applications for Spring 2020 interns. We are seeking dependable, politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude and strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital
 Page 4 of 25

support by assisting staff in assignments that include but are not limited to: compiling daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based projects.
Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those generally interested in public policy are strongly encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school. The deadline to apply is December 22, 2019. Applicants should email a resume, cover letter, one page writing sample and completed application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov.
Please visit republicans-budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will not be considered. Paid internships may be available to students working full-time and not receiving course credit.
   MEM-607-19
The Office of Congressman Joseph Morelle (NY-25) is currently seeking full- time paid interns for Spring 2019 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates will be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills.
Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and legislative projects. Interns are paid a monthly stipend. This office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest.
Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paces environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. New York ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants for immediate hire should send resume, cover letter and availability to ebony.majette@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-605-19
Internships are available in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college students and recent graduates.
Duties include, but are not limited to: •Constituent correspondence •Leading tours of the Capitol •Drafting constituent correspondence •Researching legislative issues
DC based interns will have the opportunity to attend hearings and briefings. Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public service.
 Page 5 of 25

Generally, internship hours run from 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM on days that Congress is in session and from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM on days when Congress is not. Hours and start dates can be adjusted to accommodate class schedules.
Interested in applying?
Please submit a resume, cover letter, unofficial school transcript, two references, and a short writing sample to Maddie.Daly@mail.house.gov. Please include availability in cover letter.
  MEM-604-19
The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, unpaid Spring 2020 interns for our Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include drafting memos and constituent letters, assisting legislative staff with research, answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are strongly preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Spring Intern” in the subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates in your cover letter. No phone calls or walk- ins please.
     Eleanor Holmes Norton is seeking motivated and hard-working college students for our Spring 2020 internship program. Interns will gain valuable work experience in a fast-paced, community-based congressional office. If you are an undergraduate student who is passionate about public policy, the District of Columbia and serving its constituents, our internship program offers a unique opportunity for growth, learning and community involvement in meaningful work. We are looking for people who are dependable, professional and who enjoy contributing to rewarding public service work.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, detail-oriented, quick-thinkers who can provide innovative solutions. Applicants should have excellent oral and written communication skills, work well in a team environment, be hardworking, responsible, dependable, flexible and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them. Tasks may include but are not limited to the following: community engagement
MEM-603-19
ABOUT THE DISTRICT OFFICE: The District Office of Congresswoman
Page 6 of 25

including telephone and online outreach, event planning, flyer distribution, photocopying, data entry, project management, and helping in administrative tasks to maintain the efficient day-to-day operations of an active community facing Congressional district office. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend hearings on Capitol Hill, briefings on pertinent subject matter and attend talks by Hill staff.
Each intern will receive a stipend. Interns must be willing to commit to a minimum of 20 hours per week and available to occasionally attend events on some evenings and weekends.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Norton.Interns@mail.house.gov
For more information on Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, please visit her website at https://norton.house.gov
    MEM-602-19
The Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, Civilian Security, and Trade is seeking a full-time and part-time intern based in Washington, D.C. This intern will work closely with subcommittee staff while learning the inner workings of Congress and the legislative process. Successful candidates will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detail-oriented, with strong writing and communication skills and an ability to thrive in a fast- paced work environment.
The term of the Internship will be from early January 2020 to late March 2020. Undergraduate or graduate school students and recent alumni interested in foreign affairs and Western Hemisphere policy are encouraged to apply. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, providing administrative and research support to staff, and assisting with subcommittee hearings and events, among other office and research tasks. Spanish, French or Portuguese proficiency preferred but not required.
Qualified applicants should send a one-page resume and cover letter to WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Spring 2020 Internship Application.” Minorities, women, and LGBTQIA+ individuals and those with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. Please be sure to include your preferred start and end date and submit your application by: December 1st. No calls or drop-ins.
  MEM-601-19 The Office of Congressman Thomas Suozzi (NY-03) is currently seeking full or part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office for the Spring of 2020.
 Page 7 of 25

Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Interns will get to work in a fast-paced environment and learn how a Congressional office operates. Responsibilities include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting legislative research, attending briefings/hearings, lead Capitol tours, assisting with constituent relations, and managing the front office.
The internship gives students and recent grads the opportunity to interact directly with the inner workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process. Ties to NY-03 are preferred but not required.
Please send your resume and cover letter to michael.christesen@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line.
     qualified full-time Press Intern for the Spring Semester. Responsibilities include compiling press clips, assisting with press conferences and press releases, talking points, social media, conducting research, and assisting the press staff with the daily operations of a very active press office.
Applicants must work well under pressure, have excellent written and oral communication skills and a desire to learn. Experience with video editing/graphic design, content creation, and a deep understanding of news is required. Ties to Long Island preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should their send resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to michael.christesen@mail.house.gov with the subject line “2020 Spring Press Internship”.
 MEM-600-19
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Thomas Suozzi (NY-03) seeks a
   for Spring 2020. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
In Washington, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings and draft constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Interested candidates should email aditi.dinakar@mail.house.gov a cover letter, resume, a 1-2 page writing sample, and three references.
 MEM-596-19
The Office of U.S. Representative Grace Meng is accepting intern applications
 MEM-596-19 The Office of U.S. Representative Grace Meng is accepting intern applications for Spring 2020. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
 Page 8 of 25

 In Washington, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings and draft constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Interested candidates should email aditi.dinakar@mail.house.gov a cover letter, resume, a 1-2 page writing sample, and three references.
 MEM-595-19
The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking full- time paid interns for Spring of 2020 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates will be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills.
Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and legislative projects. Interns are paid a monthly stipend. The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest.
Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants for immediate hire should send resume, cover letter and availability to wi06resumes@gmail.com.
  MEM-594-19
The office of Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is currently seeking applicants to intern in his Washington, DC office for the Spring 2020 term. Intern roles and responsibilities vary but they mainly help draft constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, and function as a key part of the staff. Additionally, they answer phone calls, provide tours of the Capitol, and assist staff with various administrative tasks.
We’re looking for college students or recent graduates who are motivated, detail- orientated, and ready to work in a fast-paced setting. The ideal candidate possesses strong organizational, communication, and writing skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a must.
The internship is paid, and academic credit is available for qualifying students. California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should apply by emailing their cover letter and resume to Haley.Slaybaugh@mail.house.gov by November 25th.
  Page 9 of 25

MEM-593-19
U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ), member of the Ways and Means Committee, seeks Spring Interns for his Washington, DC office. This internship term runs from the start of January through the start of May. Duties include sorting and processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting our press team, and drafting constituent correspondence. Ties to New Jersey are strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell serves on the Ways and Means Committee and holds a leadership position on the Democratic Steering and Policy Committee. This internship is an opportunity to work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. We are very open to interns working in the areas that interest them most and taking on increasing responsibility as the spring progresses.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Bob Evans (Bob.Evans@mail.house.gov). All applications are due by December 2, 2019.
  MEM-588-19
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Frank Lucas (OK-3) is seeking candidates for a paid internship for Spring of 2020. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process.
DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings, and working on special projects. Oklahoma ties are strongly preferred. Please send your resume and cover letter to Jacob.Rainbolt@mail.house.gov, with "Internship Application" in the subject line.
     and professional interns to work in his Washington D.C. office. Full-time internship hours are 9:00 am – 6:00 pm, and part-time internships are based in availability.
Interns are expected to manage administrative and legislative assignments including but not limited to: answering phone and mail correspondence, provide various constituent services, execute front office responsibilities, give tours of the U.S Capitol, and conduct legislative research. Qualified candidates will possess familiarity with the American political system and Capitol Hill, interest in current events and news, as well as demonstrate strong communications skills and work ethic. Must have an enthusiastic “can do” attitude as customer service is a very important cornerstone to this role. Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required.
Our office is currently offering internships for the Spring 2020 session. Please email your resume and cover letter to Benjamin.weiner@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2020 Internship” in the subject line.
 MEM-586-19
The Office of Congressman Lloyd Smucker (PA-11) is seeking highly motivated
Page 10 of 25

    motivated applicants for a full or part time press internship for Spring 2020 in his Washington, D.C. office. The press intern will work with the Communications Director, Chief of Staff, and legislative staff to assist with the greater communications operation, with a focus on social media content creation.
Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to social media content generation, photography, creating graphics, media monitoring, and drafting press releases and media advisories. Candidates should have excellent writing ability, a desire to grow and learn in the political communications space, a good attitude, and a sense of humor. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, a writing sample, and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with "2020 Spring Press Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
 MEM-585-19
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (D-FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly
MEM-584-19
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office in January. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are preferred. This is a paid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-583-19
Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-02) has Spring 2020 openings for full and part-time Congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be highly motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals. Candidates should exhibit strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, assist with writing constituent correspondence, conducting legislative research, attending briefings and hearings, and leading Capitol tours.
Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to PA02.interns@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-582-19 The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform, Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, is seeking an energetic and self-motivated law student for a full-time internship for Spring 2020. The position offers the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting and
 Page 11 of 25

fast-paced Subcommittee while participating directly in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting staff in preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research, drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with Executive Branch and private sector officials. Law students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Background: The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate any matter at any time. The Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil Liberties has jurisdiction over issues related to civil rights, civil liberties and the equal protection of laws, including voting rights; freedom of religion, speech, press, and assembly; equal employment; nondisclosure agreements; criminal justice reform policies; and the Census Bureau.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Applicants should be willing to be in the office full time.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a cover letter and resume to Candyce.Phoenix@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2020 Internship Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
  MEM-581-19
The House Democratic Caucus Office is seeking motivated, detail-oriented interns to work in a fast-paced leadership office. Interns will be primarily responsible for operational tasks such as managing the front office, answering phones, preparing for weekly meetings, helping to plan a large off-site conference, running the letter folding program and additional administrative tasks. The program will also include an educational work component where interns will attend Congressional briefings and hearings, conduct research and draft internal memos.
The term of the Internship will be from early January 2020 to April 2020. Ideal applicants will have a professional and positive attitude, proficiency with Excel, a demonstrated knowledge of the House Democratic Caucus and a passion for politics and the legislative process. Event management experience is a plus.
Qualified applicants should send resume, cover letter and three professional references to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “[INSERT NAME] Spring 2020 Operations Internship Application.” Women, minorities, LGBTQIA+ individuals and those with disabilities are encouraged to apply. No drop-ins or calls please.
   Page 12 of 25

MEM-579-19
The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (NJ-01) seeks paid Press and Legislative interns for Spring 2020.
Press responsibilities will include updating press lists, drafting social media posts for the Member’s official social media pages (including Facebook, Twitter and Instagram), designing graphics and editing short video clips as needed. Ideal applicants will have experience with iMovie, Adobe Photoshop and social media. Legislative responsibilities include researching legislation for the legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings and drafting constituent letters on the Member’s behalf. All interns are expected to work collaboratively with the staff to answer phones, greet constituents and guide tours of the U.S. Capitol Building.
The Office of Congressman Norcross is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply. New Jersey ties are a plus but not required.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter (including weekly availability and start date) and two references to Elizabeth.leer@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name – Spring Intern – Legislative *or* Press” (please indicate).
   MEM-577-19
The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking a full or part-time press intern to assist a fast-paced press team in Washington D.C. Intern duties include drafting press releases and advisories, drafting digital content, sorting press clips, and assisting the press team with a variety of projects as needed.
The ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills and is passionate about public service. Adobe Premiere, Photoshop, and Illustrator skills a plus. Preference will be given to candidates who have completed their first year of college, who have Pennsylvania ties, and who are majoring in Communications, Journalism, Public Relations, English, Government or other related fields. At the top of your cover letter, please indicate that you are specifically interested in the press internship. Please be advised that though this is a press-focused internship, regular intern duties will also be assigned.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com.
  MEM-576-19 The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) has Spring 2020 openings for full and part-time congressional interns for her Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning in January, and a preference will be given for those who can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania ties are a plus but are not required.
 Page 13 of 25

Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas.
Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com.
  MEM-575-19
The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a full-time intern to start immediately through the Spring 2020 semester.
Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research, drafting memoranda and other written materials, and a variety of other tasks.
Candidates should be team-oriented, resourceful, upbeat people who have skills beyond research and require little supervision. This internship is open to undergraduates (rising seniors and above), recent graduates, and Master’s and law students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “HFAC Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
  MEM-574-19
Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Spring 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required. To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to: Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
  Page 14 of 25

•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests, including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor
 MEM-572-19
The Office of Congressman Daniel Lipinski (IL-03) is currently seeking interns for the spring semester in the Washington D.C. office. Prospective interns should have a love for politics and the legislative process, a desire to learn, and a willingness to work hard in this fast-paced office.
Day to day intern responsibilities include: drafting constituent correspondence, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, working with legislative staff on policy issue research, attending briefings and hearings, and answering phones. Interns will work closely with legislative staff and will be given all the tools necessary to learn to become a congressional staffer by the end of the internship.
Applications can be submitted via email to IL03StaffAssistant@mail.house.gov. Applications are due by 5:00pm, Friday, November 8th. A complete application should include a cover letter, resume and one short writing sample of 2-3 pages.
Please be sure the application includes your name, contact information, university, year of graduation, dates you are available, and your intended work schedule (full time or part time). Third District of Illinois ties are preferred.
Please no drop ins.
  MEM-571-19
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Sean Casten (IL-06) is seeking candidates for a paid internship for Spring 2020 Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings, and working on special projects.
Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently and as part of a team and have strong attention to detail.
    Page 15 of 25

 Interested applicants should visit the Congressman’s website https://casten.house.gov/services/internships/ or email Casten.Internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line. Please fill out the provided applications and attach a resume and cover letter. If you believe you are eligible for financial assistance, please also explain in 2-3 paragraphs why you believe you should receive assistance.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. No drop ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation. Full and part-time candidate with Illinois ties are preferred. Do not hesitate to contact the office if you have any questions regarding our internship program, 202-225-4561.
  MEM-570-19
The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks highly motivated, personable and professional legislative interns to begin January 2020. Tasks include answering phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail, addressing constituent concerns, attending briefings and supporting legislative staff as needed.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing skills and close attention to detail. Successful candidates would spend 25-40 hours per week interning in the DC office. Maryland ties a plus.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability to employment@mail.house.gov. If you have further questions, please call the Intern Coordinator at (202) 225-4016.
  MEM-569-19 We are currently looking for fall and spring interns in Congressman Steven Palazzo’s office in Washington, D.C. Please email your resume, and cover letter to Bailey.senyitko@mail.house.gov.
Please complete the application
here https://palazzo.house.gov/uploadedfiles/intern_application_dc_office_.pdf
    MEM-565-19
The Office of Congressman Brad Schneider (IL-10) seeks a creative and highly motivated legislative intern to assist a fast-paced legislative team in the Spring 2020 semester.
Primary responsibilities will include: answering phones, running errands, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings and answering constituent letters on various policy issues. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. Candidates should have strong written and verbal
 Page 16 of 25

communication skills, high attention to detail, and the ability to work under tight deadlines. This position would begin in January 2020.
Previous internship experience and Illinois ties are a plus. Please apply on https://schneider.house.gov/services/internships.
  MEM-564-19
The Office of Congressman Brad Schneider (IL-10) seeks a creative and highly motivated press intern to assist a fast-paced communications team in the Spring 2020 semester.
Primary responsibilities will include: compiling press clippings, creating and updating press lists, drafting social media content, and other writing projects. Candidates should have strong written and verbal communication skills, high attention to detail, and the ability to work under tight deadlines.
Previous internship experience and Illinois ties are a plus. This position would begin in January 2020. Please apply on https://schneider.house.gov/services/internships.
      motivated undergraduate or graduate level students, as well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its Fall 2019 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives.
Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member services, and other projects, as well as providing general front office support.
The Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and qualified candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available hours to intern.CHADEM@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship.”
 MEM-563-19
The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks self-
MEM-562-19
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Mike Johnson (LA-04) is seeking candidates for full-time and part-time internships for the remainder of 2019 with the potential to extend into Spring 2020 with certain positions being paid.
Interns will have the opportunity to observe the inner-workings of a Congressional office while acquiring specific knowledge about the legislative process.
 Page 17 of 25

Responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, and working on special projects. Louisiana ties are preferred but are not required.
Please apply online at https://mikejohnson.house.gov/services/internships.
   MEM-561-19
“The office of Congressman Paul Mitchell (MI-10) is currently looking to hire full time, paid interns in our Washington, DC Office for the Spring 2020 semester. The internship runs from January to May but start/end dates are flexible. Michigan ties are a plus but not required!
Responsibilities Include:
•Answering phones
•Sorting and distributing mail
•Giving Capitol tours
•Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff •Attending hearings and briefings
•Other projects as assigned
Qualified applicants should possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask, and a desire to learn about the legislative process and other functions of a congressional office.
To apply, please email a PDF Resume and Cover Letter to Faith.Mabry@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring 2020 Internship Application”. Please include dates available in your cover letter.”
  MEM-560-19
Congressman Paul Cook (CA-08) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office from November through January for a 3 month internship. Candidates should be motivated, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are important.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, and sorting and distributing mail. Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are preferred. This is a paid internship.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
joe.tavares@mail.house.gov
  MEM-559-19 U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks interns for his Washington office the spring. Spanish skills and Texas connections a plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use the subject line: Spring Internship Application. No drop-ins please.
  Page 18 of 25

 MEM-558-19
A senior member serving on the House Financial Services Committee is seeking
   a fall semester, financial services intern to assist the Senior Advisor covering the financial services portfolio. The person in this role will work on substantive financial services issues ranging from banking, housing, capital markets, fintech, insurance, monetary policy, etc.
This will not be a typical internship answering phones or giving tours. You will be attending hearings, monitoring legislation, assisting with industry and constituent correspondence, auditing briefings, etc. You will gain an in-depth understanding of working on the Hill and within the Committee. You should leave this internship with a better understanding of both the financial services industry as well as current policy that is impacting our the industry.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Attend Committee hearings and briefings.
• Conduct legislative and policy research.
• Track and monitor legislation.
• Formulate hearing questions from witness testimony.
• Assist with preparation of hearing, markup, and Floor briefing books.
• Observe House proceedings.
• Acquire an understanding of Committee mechanics.
• Prepare memoranda on meetings, hearings, and briefings attended or
researched.
• Collect signatures from Member offices for letters, dissenting views, etc.
• Attend Congressional Research Training seminars.
Please contact Ashley.gunn@mail.house.gov if interested.
Ideal candidates must be hard working, have an interest in financial services, and
 a willingness to learn. Candidates do not have to have a background in financial
 services in order to be considered.
  MEM-557-19
A senior-ranking Republican member on the Committee of Ways & Means is seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships starting in December. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process.
D.C. responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings. Florida ties are strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to housegopinternshipfl@outlook.com. No phone calls or drop-ins will be considered.
   MEM-556-19 Congressman John Ratcliffe – Spring Internship (Jan-May)
 Page 19 of 25

 Congressman John Ratcliffe’s office is seeking intelligent and hardworking individuals for their spring internship program. Responsibilities would include giving Capitol tours, greeting visitors, answering the phone, sorting and logging constituent mail, and assisting in various administrative tasks.
Texas ties are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should email their resume to paige.boogaard@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-554-19
Southern Republican seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individuals for spring internships in Washington, DC.
Description: Southern Republican seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individuals for paid internships in Washington, DC. Qualified Applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Duties include: answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings and answering constituent letters on various issues before the House.
To apply, please send a resume, and cover letter with the phrase “Spring 2019 Internship Application” in the subject line to LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to work in your cover letter.
  MEM-553-19
JOB TITLE: Spring 2020 Intern
SUMMARY:
Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with policy and administrative support. The individual is required to demonstrate exceptional research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Performs legislative and policy research.
• Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups
 by: o
o
o
Researching background on witnesses and hearing topics. Finalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff. Delivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
• Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee.
• Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
o Answering Phones
o General office tidiness and maintenance
Page 20 of 25

• Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and policy negotiations, discussions and other activities.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least a Sophomore in college. Law school students and recent graduates are highly recommended to apply as well. Coursework and experience in Political Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related field is preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written communication skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines. Must be familiar with Microsoft Office.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a short (1-2 page) writing sample to Amanda.Mims@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-552-19
Congressman Dan Meuser (PA-09) seeks applicants for part-time and full-time internships for Spring 2020 in his Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include drafting memos and constituent letters, answering phones, assisting legislative staff with research, managing the front office, leading Capitol tours, greeting constituents, among other tasks.
Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to PA09Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please no drop-ins or phone calls.
  MEM-551-19
The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking legislative interns for the Spring Semester. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, and event support.
Intern duties will include assisting with administrative and legislative tasks, answering phones, processing mail, providing Capitol tours, and attending briefings. Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship” in the subject field.
     fast-paced communications operation for Spring 2020. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, event support, social media (esp. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) and photography.
Intern duties may include: Daily press clips Answering phones
MEM-550-19
The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking press intern to assist with
Page 21 of 25

Drafting documents for distribution to media Messaging & interview prep documents Social media content development
Event photography
...and more!
Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship” in the subject field.
  MEM-549-19
The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individual for a legislative internship position this fall in Washington, DC. This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to gain hands-on office experience while learning about the legislative process.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, participating in hearing preparation, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
The position is available beginning in January 2020. To apply, send a resume and cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Spring Internship Application”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
     the DC office for Spring 2020. Qualified applicants have very strong writing and communication skills, experience with video editing and content creation, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Spanish speaking candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: working closely with staff to draft social media content on a variety of issues and social media platforms, tracking media coverage, executing daily press clips, and editing the weekly video shoot.
MEM-548-19
The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a press intern for
Page 22 of 25

 The position is available beginning in January 2020. To apply, send a resume and cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Spring Press Internship Application”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
 MEM-518-19
The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time Interns for the Washington, D.C. office starting at the end of December or early January. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties and sense of humor are a plus! Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “Winter 2020 Pocan Internship” in the subject line.
For further information regarding the internship program, please see the internship page on our website at: https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/. We also highly encourage every applicant to apply to our scholarship program after submitting an application. The application can be found here: https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program.
        applicants in the D.C. office for Spring of 2020. Qualified applicants should possess strong communication skills, be interested in learning about the legislative process, and have a willingness to work in our fast-paced office.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not required.
MEM-497-19
Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
Page 23 of 25

Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
intern.OH06@gmail.com
   MEM-488-19
The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for spring of 2020. Specifically we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the labor policy team, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the health policy team and graduate and legal interns and fellows for the oversight team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips.
Applicants who are applying for graduate internships or fellowships should be able to demonstrate academic or professional exposure to the subject matter of the team to which they are applying. Fellows must be participating in an established fellowship program. Applicants should be able to start in January and commit through April/May.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov and indicate, in the subject line of the email, to which position they are applying.
Please also include ‘Spring 2020’ in the subject line. If you are applying for a graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short, relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Applicants should aim to submit their materials by November 1, 2019.
The Committee on Education and Labor is a legislative office within the U.S. House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over a broad array of child welfare, education and labor policy areas, including early childhood education, K-12 education, higher education, employer/employee relations, worker safety, and employer provided health care. Representative Robert C. “Bobby” Scott (D-VA) serves as Chairman.
  MEM-416-19 The Democratic Staff on the House Education and Labor Committee seeks a health care intern/fellow. This position will work on the health team. Candidates should have familiarity with health policy, including the Affordable Care Act. Knowledge of other statutes and policies within the Committee’s jurisdiction and
 Page 24 of 25

how they impact health and human services policy is preferred. Prior Hill experience or policy experience is also preferred.
Tasks will include supporting the development of legislation regarding health policy, conducting issue and legislative research, and preparing written materials and legislative analyses. Applicants should be available to start in September 2019 and commit through December 2019.
To apply, applicants must submit the internship applicant information form (https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships/form), a resume and a short writing sample. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please email resume and writing sample to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov with "Health Policy Intern/Fellow" in the subject line.
   Page 25 of 25
