 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-005-18
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 3, 2018
California Democratic Member is seeking a qualified applicant for a temporary paid internship in his Capitol Office. Responsibilities include corresponding with constituents, leading tours of the Capitol, and significant administrative duties. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written communication skills, and have an ability to multitask and be flexible in a fast- paced environment. Multilingual applicants, particularly those speaking Spanish, are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and 2-3 page writing sample to CAJobs@mail.house.gov no later than January 10, 2018.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) has immediate openings for unpaid full- time and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
 MEM-004-18
Page 1 of 9

 MEM-002-18
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast- paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter – including desired start date, and a 1-2 page writing sample to Lujan.Tours@mail.house.gov.
Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking full or part-time congressional interns for her Washington, D.C. office for Winter 2018 (mid-January to May). This internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fast- paced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be motivated, detail-oriented and possess strong communication and writing skills. Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter with the subject line “Winter Internship” to timothy.huebner@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton’s Capitol Hill office is seeking strong undergraduate, graduate, and recent graduate candidates for the spring internship program.
Description
Responsibilities will include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting legislative research, attending briefings/hearings, drafting memos, performing administrative tasks, assisting with constituent relations, and managing the front office. The internship gives students the opportunity to interact directly with the inner workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process.
Requirements
Applicants should be professional, hardworking, and enthusiastic with strong writing and communication skills. Reliable, responsible, and personable individuals are more likely to thrive in this position.
Qualified applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a two-page writing sample to Priscilla.Kim@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Norton Internship.” District ties are required. Both full and part time positions require a minimum three-month commitment, are unpaid, and will be considered on a rolling basis.
No phone calls or drop ins, please.
Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking interns to work in his Washington, DC office for the Spring semester. Intern responsibilities include greeting guests in the front office, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol
 MEM-513-17
 MEM-510-17
Page 2 of 9

 MEM-506-17
building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and cover letter to caleb.baca@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties preferred but not required.
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players, and should be able to begin in January 2018. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy. Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
California Democratic Member is seeking a qualified applicant for an internship position in his Capitol Office. Responsibilities include corresponding with constituents, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting with projects including press and legislative research, and administrative duties as needed. The staff member will have the opportunity to attend briefings and hearings on the Hill as well as network and learn from senior staff. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written communication skills, and have an ability to multitask and be flexible in a fast-paced environment. Multilingual applicants, particularly those speaking Spanish, are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should apply at the following link: https://vargas.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship- application.
Congressman Ed Perlmutter seeks an intern to conduct administrative duties in his Washington, DC office. The successful candidate must be a strong team player, polite and friendly with constituents, and willing to assist other staff members in various items. Colorado connections are highly preferred.
 MEM-504-17
  MEM-503-17
Page 3 of 9

 MEM-502-17
Primary Responsibilities: Responsible for greeting guests, taking/distributing messages appropriately, taking care of general office needs, writing memos and letters to constituents, attending briefings for staff and performing back-up duties as necessary. This person will also be expected as needed to conduct personal tours for constituents and assist them on their visit to D.C. Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Communicate with constituents over the phone.
• Conduct personal tours of the Capitol.
• Interact with constituent outreach program, Fire Side.
• Attend hearings and briefings for staff.
• Respond to constituent requests for information.
• Perform general administrative duties.
• Sit in on meetings with staff and outside organizations.
• Work with other staff members on writing letters to constituents.
• Intern Project: Research legislation and pitch co-sponsorship to
Congressman Perlmutter.
Please send a résumé and cover letter via email to tia.bogeljic@mail.house.gov. Location: Washington, D.C.
The Office of Congressman Al Lawson (FL-05), is seeking full – or part – time interns for Spring and Summer ’18 semesters in the Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting in legislative research, answering phone calls, attending briefings, greeting front office visitors, and leading tours of the Capitol. Ideal candidates will have a strong attention to detail, an enthusiasm for the political and congressional processes, strong writing skills, and the ability to thrive in an energetic office environment. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, short writing sample (1-2 pages), and work availability to amber.milenkevich@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Representative Nydia Velázquez (NY-7) is seeking candidates to intern in the Washington, D.C. office from January through May 2018. Interns’ responsibilities will include a wide range of tasks including: answering phones, greeting visitors, drafting letters, researching policy matters for the Member and legislative staff, and responding to constituent letters and requests. Candidates should have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and have excellent interpersonal skills. Strong writing skills are a plus. As Ranking Member of the Committee on Small Business, some interns may be assigned to the Committee on Small Business.
To apply to intern in the DC office, please send your resume to Melissa.Jung@mail.house.gov. Due to the high volume of applicants, a response is not guaranteed. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
 MEM-501-17
 Page 4 of 9

MEM-500-17
West Coast Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in their Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent constituent service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general office administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and work well in a team environment. Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to westcoastgopinternship@gmail.com.
Rep. Steve Womack (AR-03)
Congressman Steve Womack is currently seeking hard-working interns in his Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2018 semester. Interns will work closely with Congressman Womack’s staff and constituents while learning the inner workings of the United States Congress and about issues affecting
Arkansans. Duties include, but are not limited to, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, sorting constituent mail, answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, and assisting staff members. Those interested in political science, government, public policy, business, and social work are encouraged to
apply. Congressman Womack is a member of the Appropriations Committee, and serves on the Defense, Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, and Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies subcommittees. He also sits on the Budget Committee. Any interested candidates should send a current resume and cover letter to hannah.shea@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Jeb Hensarling (TX-05) is seeking capable, detail- oriented, and responsible candidates for an unpaid internship in their Washington, D.C. office this fall. Responsibilities include greeting visitors, taking phone calls, giving tours of the Capitol to constituents, sorting mail, and assisting the staff with various administrative and legislative tasks.
Candidates should demonstrate excellent organizational and interpersonal skills, as well as a strong work ethic and positive attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to learn a great deal about the political process and our system of government. Hours for interns are 8:30am to 6:00pm when Congress is in session, and 9:00am to 5:00pm out of session, Monday through Friday.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Hensarling.Tours@mail.house.gov. Use the subject line: Spring 2017 Internship Application. Texas ties are strongly preferred.
A Georgia Republican office is accepting applications for internship positions for our Washington, D.C. location. Positions are available beginning in January and will last until May. Duties include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional hearings, researching legislative policy, responding to constituent inquires, and leading tours of the Capitol. Qualified applicants should possess a
 MEM-499-17
 MEM-498-17
 MEM-497-17
Page 5 of 9

 MEM-496-17
professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, attention to detail, and interest in the legislative process. All majors are encouraged to apply. Please send your resume and a cover letter to GA06Interns@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) is seeking applications
for internship positions available in his Washington, D.C. office. Positions are available starting immediately, and applications will be considered on a rolling basis. This internship provides a great opportunity to gain experience working in a Congressional office and get a first-hand look at the legislative process.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, supporting legislative and communications activities, helping with front office operations, assisting with constituent relations, and giving tours of the Capitol. Candidates should be self- starters with excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask effectively and think critically, attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative and governmental process.
This internship presents an excellent opportunity for college students and recent graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter to CA34.internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line.
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid congressional internship for Spring 2018. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to md06.internships@mail.house.gov with “Spring Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
Internships are offered in Congressman Keith Rothfus’ Washington, D.C. office during the spring, summer, and fall semesters. Currently, we are accepting resumes for Sping and Summer 2017. Hours can be flexible to accommodate student course schedules, but generally run 9:00AM – 6:00PM. Internships are unpaid and academic credit may be available depending on the student’s academic institution. Duties will include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading constituent tours, processing mail, researching issues, drafting correspondence, attending hearings and briefings, and maintaining the front office. Qualified candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced working environment, and have an
 MEM-493-17
MEM-492-17
 Page 6 of 9

 MEM-491-17
interest in the legislative process. Students may email resumes to kirsten.hasler@mail.house.gov. Pennsylvania ties are preferred, but not required.
Congressman José E. Serrano is currently seeking interns for the Winter/Spring term for his Washington, D.C. office! We are looking for energetic and driven individuals who are eager to learn. Congressman Serrano represents New York’s 15th Congressional District and serves on the Appropriations Committee. Candidates must be self-starters, detail oriented, have excellent writing and communication skills, and be able to multi-task. The internship involves researching legislative issues, assisting with incoming mail, attending lectures and hearings, giving Capitol tours, working with legislative staff on special projects and assisting with other general office duties. Please note that this is an unpaid internship, if you are seeking college credit our office would be happy to assist in that. New York ties a plus, but not necessary. Please email your cover letter and resume to Alexis.Philbrick@mail.house.gov with Winter/Spring Internship in the subject line.
New Jersey Democrat seeking interns for the spring semester (Jan through May 2018).
Qualified candidates will be organized, motivated self-starters, with strong communication and writing skills. Day-to-day duties include assisting with front office operations which includes greeting visitors, opening and sorting mail, answering phones, and conducting Capitol tours. Interns will also attend hearings and briefings and conduct research for staff. This internship is unpaid. Please send cover letter, resume, and a one page writing sample
to: nj08jobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins.
The office of Congressman Brad Wenstrup (R-OH) is currently seeking conservative, highly motivated, and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for a start date beginning (date Jan-May), with flexible start and end dates.
Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff, and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to oh02interns@gmail.com with "2018 Spring Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
Virginia Republican Congressman is seeking interns for their Washington, D.C. office for the spring and summer of 2017. Responsibilities will vary, but candidates will be expected to answer phones, batch incoming correspondence,
 MEM-488-17
 MEM-487-17
 MEM-486-17
Page 7 of 9

 MEM-484-17
MEM-482-17
draft constituent correspondence, run errands, research legislation, take constituents on tours of the Capitol, attend legislative briefings and professional development courses. All internships are unpaid, work hours are Monday-Friday 9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. for full-time interns, hours may vary to accommodate full- time students. All interns will be expected to complete anti-sexual harassment training.
Interested applications will be currently enrolled college students and/or recent college graduates with Virginia ties. Please send a cover letter in the body of an email; a resume, and 1-2 writing samples (no longer than 3 pages) and at least 2 academic or professional references in .pdf format
to VirginiaHouseIntern@Gmail.com.
The Washington, DC office of Congressman Patrick McHenry (NC-10) is seeking applicants for a full-time internship starting in January. The individual should be able to multi-task and be prepared to work in a fast-paced office. Some responsibilities include answering phones, attending briefing, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence and mail, and working on various projects for the staff. North Carolina ties are encouraged, but not required. In order to apply, please send NC10interns@gmail.com a resume and cover letter with “Intern Application” in the subject line.
The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (NJ-01) is seeking qualified interns for our Washington, D.C. Office this Spring 2018.
Responsibilities include:
• Compiling research on targeted issues and assisting with staff-led
projects.
• Leading staff-guided tours of the Capitol building for constituents.
• Interns will be trained in the responsibilities of all levels of government so
that they may best aid constituents.
• Participate in events in the along with staff.
• Answering phones and responding to constituent requests.
• Work schedules generally run 9:00am to 5:00pm; however, hours are
flexible to accommodate students’ courses or work schedules.
• It is expected for interns to complete 30-40 hours weekly over the course
of the semester. However, we are willing to except part-time interns based
on space, availability and schedule. Qualifications:
• Prospective applications should be highly motivated self-starters, eager to learn about the work of a United States Congressman and the mechanisms of the federal government. We are looking for individuals with an excellent work ethic, ability to work with constituents and most
 Page 8 of 9

 MEM-480-17
importantly, a willingness to learn. New Jersey ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter and short writing sample to shallum.atkinson@mail.house.gov.
Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the winter/spring semester of 2018. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov <mailto:Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov> with cover letter and
resume. Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted for consideration.
Congressman Barton’s D.C. office is seeking full-time interns for the spring of 2018. While this position is unpaid, your time here will strengthen your understanding of the legislative process and give you invaluable experience of the operations necessary to be an effective member of a Congressional team. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, phone assistance, conducting tours of the U.S. Capitol, researching federal legislation and assisting legislative staff in various research projects. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend legislative briefings, congressional hearings and receptions on Capitol Hill. Candidates with a strong work ethic and great communication skills are encouraged to apply. Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral and written communication skills, be able to accomplish a variety of tasks and pitch in where needed, and be responsible, dependable and eager to learn. Ties to Texas are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to caroline.waller@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-477-17
 Page 9 of 9
