 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 26, 2019
 MEM-415-19
The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking Fall 2019 interns for our Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall Intern” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
  MEM-414-19 Congressman Greg Gianforte of Montana is seeking full-time paid interns for Fall 2019. This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to gain hands-on office experience while learning about the legislative process. Interns will assist
 Page 1 of 14

in the daily operations of the Congressional office, research legislation, and interface with constituents by phone, email, and in person.
The successful candidates will be self-starters who work well in a high- performance environment. This is a low-turnover office committed to the professional development of its staff and interns and will aid the successful candidates as they seek permanent paid positions on the Hill or other employment.
The successful candidate receives a stipend of $1,800 per month for up to 120 days. The deadline to apply is Friday, August 30.
To apply, send resume and cover letter to brian.wemple@mail.house.gov
  MEM-413-19
Southern Democratic Member of Congress seeks both full-time and part-time interns for Fall 2019 in the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, running errands, and drafting constituent correspondence. Applicants should have excellent written and verbal communication skills, and work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment. No drop-ins or phone calls.
Please email nchousejobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Fall 2019 - Internship Application” and attach a resume, writing sample, and include information regarding your full-time or part-time availability. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
  MEM-411-19
“Congressman Jodey Arrington (TX-19) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office in September or October for a 3-4 month internship. Candidates should be motivated, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are important. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, and leading tours of the US Capitol.
Full-time candidates with Texas ties are preferred. This is a paid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to marisa.burleson@mail.house.gov”
  MEM-410-19
The District Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton is seeking motivated and hard-working college students for our Fall 2019 internship program. Interns will gain valuable work experience in a fast-past, community based congressional office. If you are an undergraduate student who is passionate about public policy, the District of Columbia and serving its constituents, our internship program offers a unique opportunity for growth, learning and community involvement in meaningful work. We are looking for people who are
 Page 2 of 14

dependable, professional and enjoy contributing to rewarding public service work.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral and written communication skills, responsible, dependable, flexible, and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them. Task include but are not limited to the following: Community engagement, event planning, flyer distribution, data entry, project management and helping maintain the efficient day-to-day operations of an active community facing Congressional district office. Interns must be willing to commit to a minimum of 20 hours per week and available occasionally on some evenings and weekends. Each intern will receive a stipend.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Norton.Interns@mail.house.gov
For more information on Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, please visit her website at https://norton.house.gov
   MEM-409-19
Congressman Andy Levin (D-MI) is seeking a Digital Media Intern for a temporary paid position in his Washington, D.C. office. The intern will assist with the greater communications operation, but will focus on digital media content creation. Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to social media content generation, website maintenance, analytics, photography, videography, media monitoring and staffing the member.
Candidates will have a keen eye for design, a desire to grow and learn in the political communications space, knowledge of graphic design and video editing, a positive attitude and a sense of humor.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, a writing sample, graphic design sample and a link to a video using the subject line “Digital Media Intern” to MI09.Resumes@gmail.com
  MEM-408-19
The Republican staff of the House Committee on Education and Labor is currently accepting applications for Fall 2019 interns. We are seeking dependable, politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude and strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by assisting staff in assignments that include but not limited to: compiling daily Education and Labor news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based projects. Full and part-time positions are available.
 Page 3 of 14

College students pursuing a Political Science degree, or those interested in government are strongly encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume to
ELRIntern.Applications@mail.house.gov
  MEM-406-19
The Republican staff of the House Committee on the Budget is currently accepting applications for Fall 2019 interns. We are seeking dependable, politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude and strong work ethic.
As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by assisting staff in assignments that include but not limited to: compiling daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based projects. Full and part- time positions are available.
College students pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are strongly encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school. The deadline to apply is August 30, 2019.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, one page writing sample and completed application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov. Please visit republicans-budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will not be considered. Paid internships may be available to any student working full-time and not receiving course credit.
   MEM-405-19
The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Republican Staff are actively seeking full-time and part-time fall interns to serve in our Washington, DC office. Interns will work closely with our Committee staff and gain experience working on legislative research, press work, and Committee processes.
Current college students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply. Students interested in applying should send their resume to Shawn Bloch at shawn.bloch@mail.house.gov
  MEM-404-19
The House Small Business Committee Minority Staff is currently looking for full-time interns for the Fall 2019 semester (September-December). Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research, and other tasks.
This internship is open to undergraduates (juniors and above) and recent graduates. The office is an equal opportunity employer and minorities, women,
 Page 4 of 14

and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered, please submit a one-page resume and cover letter to housesmallbusinessinternshipr@gmail.com and include “Fall 2019 Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
  MEM-403-19
A senior member serving on the House Financial Services Committee is seeking a fall semester, financial services intern to assist the Senior Advisor covering the financial services portfolio. The person in this role will work on substantive financial services issues ranging from banking, housing, capital markets, fintech, insurance, monetary policy, etc.
This will not be a typical internship answering phones or giving tours. You will be attending hearings, monitoring legislation, assisting with industry and constituent correspondence, auditing briefings, etc. You will gain an in-depth understanding of working on the Hill and within the Committee. You should leave this internship with a better understanding of both the financial services industry as well as current policy that is impacting our the industry.
Ideal candidates must be hard working, have an interest in financial services, and a willingness to learn. Candidates do not have to have a background in financial services in order to be considered.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to: •Attend Committee hearings and briefings.
•Conduct legislative and policy research.
•Track and monitor legislation.
•Formulate hearing questions from witness testimony.
•Assist with preparation of hearing, markup, and Floor briefing books.
•Observe House proceedings.
•Acquire an understanding of Committee mechanics.
•Prepare memoranda on meetings, hearings, and briefings attended or researched. •Collect signatures from Member offices for letters, dissenting views, etc. •Attend Congressional Research Training seminars.
Please contact Ashely.gunn@mail.house.gov if interested”
  MEM-396-19
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for Fall 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
 Page 5 of 14

To apply, email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and cover letter listing your availability to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov
   MEM-392-19
Congressman Anthony G. Brown (MD-04) is currently accepting applications for both paid and unpaid interns in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall semester. Interns will have the opportunity to learn about the legislative process first hand and gain invaluable experience working on Capitol Hill. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, conducting research on bills and various issue areas, attending briefings, drafting correspondence and memos, working with House Intranet Quorum (IQ) system, and assisting congressional staff with assignments.
Applicants are required to have U.S. citizenship or a valid work permit. To be considered for the paid position, interns must be a recent graduate or current graduate student, possess a strong interest in defense and military issues, and able to commit to three months of 30-40 hours per week. Paid interns will receive a $1,600 monthly stipend plus metro/transit benefits. Unpaid interns must be able to work at least three days a week.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and two references to raelea.taylor@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2019 Internship” in the subject line by August 30th.
  MEM-391-19
Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, Civilian Security, and Trade is seeking a full- or part-time intern based in Washington, D.C. This intern will work closely with subcommittee staff while learning the inner workings of Congress and the legislative process.
Successful candidates will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detail- oriented, with strong writing and communication skills and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced work environment. Undergraduate or graduate school students and recent alumni interested in foreign affairs and Western Hemisphere policy are encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, providing administrative and research support to staff, and assisting with subcommittee hearings and events, among other office and research tasks. Spanish proficiency preferred but not required.
Qualified candidates should send resume and cover letter to WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Fall Intern.” No calls or drop-ins.
   MEM-389-19 The Office of Congressman Anthony Brindisi (NY-22) is currently seeking candidates for a full-time paid internship for the Fall 2019 Semester in our Washington, D.C. office.
 Page 6 of 14

Responsibilities include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting legislative research and projects, attending briefings/hearings, leading Capitol tours, and managing the front office.
New York ties are preferred but not required. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to Kevin.Porter@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Internship Application”.
  MEM-388-19
The House Democratic Caucus Office is seeking motivated, detail-oriented interns to work in a fast-paced leadership office. Interns will be primarily responsible for operational tasks such as managing the front office, answering phones, helping to execute weekly meetings, running the letter folding program and additional administrative tasks. The program will also include an educational work component where interns will attend Congressional briefings and hearings, conduct research and draft internal memos.
The term of the Internship will be from early September through late December 2019. Ideal applicants will have a professional and positive attitude, proficiency with Excel, a demonstrated knowledge of the House Democratic Caucus and a passion for politics and the legislative process. Event management experience is a plus.
Qualified applicants should send resume, cover letter and three references to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov. Women, minorities, LGBTQIA+ individuals and those with disabilities are encouraged to apply. No drop-ins or calls please.
  MEM-387-19
The Office of Congressman Doug Lamborn (CO-05) is currently seeking candidates for a paid internship for the 2019 Fall semester in our Washington D.C. office.
Interns will assist the legislative staff by conducting research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping with administrative tasks. Interns will also greet constituents and should be team-oriented and have strong communication skills.
This is a paid internship that provides a truly unique experience to gain experience in a fast-paced office on Capitol Hill. Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to Wesley.Harkins@mail.house.gov with the subject line saying “Fall Internship”. Colorado ties not necessary but preferred.
  MEM-386-19
A House committee minority office is looking for motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individuals for internships in Washington, D.C. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Duties include: researching legislation for legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, keeping track of relevant news, and performing administrative duties.
 Page 7 of 14

 To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to adele.borne@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Fall 2019 Internship Application” in the subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to work in your cover letter.
 MEM-383-19
The Office of Congressman Glenn “GT” Thompson (PA-15) is accepting applications for 2019 fall interns in his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should be self-motivated and detail-oriented, as well as be able to successfully multitask in a fast-paced, professional environment. Duties include, but are not limited to: data entry, attending briefings, assisting with legislative research, and providing aid to staff-members with various projects.
A qualified candidate will have strong oral and written communication skills. Pennsylvania ties are preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should submit their resume and cover letter to danny.reeves@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2019 Internship” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls or walk-ins.
This position is paid.
Contact: Danny.reeves@mail.house.gov
  MEM-377-19
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office in early September. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are preferred. This is a paid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov
  MEM-372-19
The Office of Congressman Ted Yoho (FL-3) is currently seeking candidates for an unpaid internship for the 2019 Fall semester in our Washington D.C. office. Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable, and hold strong communication skills. Primary responsibilities include answering phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, assisting the legislative staff, attending Congressional hearings, and completing legislative projects in a timely manner.
Successful candidates will be personable, flexible, detail-oriented, willing to learn, and proactive. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. Florida ties are
 Page 8 of 14

preferred but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter with the subject line “Fall 2019 Congressional Internship” to Alejandro Puga at Alejandro.Puga@mail.house.gov
Congressman Yoho sits on the Foreign Affairs Committee and Agriculture Committee.
  MEM-368-19
The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for full-time interns for the Fall 2019 semester. Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research, drafting memoranda and other written materials, and a variety of other tasks. Candidates should be team-oriented, resourceful, upbeat people who have skills beyond research and require little supervision.
This internship is open to undergraduates (rising seniors and above), recent graduates, and Master’s and law students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page resume and cover letter to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “Fall 2019 Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
   MEM-366-19
Congressman Tom Malinowski (NJ-07) seeks a Communications and Digital Media Fellow. Responsibilities include drafting press releases and speeches; crafting social media posts; maintaining website and digital platforms; designing graphics, and compiling daily press clips. Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.
Ideal candidate would be a graduate student or recent graduate with a background in communications, journalism, public relations, public affairs or political science.
This position offers a stipend of $500 per month and provides a unique opportunity to gain experience in a fast-paced Capitol Hill communications operation. Qualified candidates should submit a resume, writing sample and social content/graphic design sample to nj.07resumes@gmail.com the subject line “Communications and Digital Media Fellow”.
  MEM-363-19 The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek a motivated and reliable digital intern to fill a full-time position in the fall. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation, website maintenance, analytics, photography, videography, and performing other press
 Page 9 of 14

and administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess skills in Adobe programs (Photoshop, Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro, Audition, and After Effects), CMS, CSS, HTML, manual photography, analytics, and an ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov
  MEM-362-19
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek a detail- oriented student or recent graduate with a passion for communications to fill a full-time press intern position in the fall. The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. This position reports to the deputy press secretary and broader communications team. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter oversightpress@mail.house.gov
    MEM-359-19
The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking a Communications Intern for the Fall Semester. Communications interns assist with a fast-paced communications operation. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, event support, social media, and photography.
Communications intern duties may include: -Daily press clips
-Answering phones
-Drafting documents for distribution to media -Messaging & interview prep documents -Social media content development
-Event photography
-...and more!
Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject field. This position does come with a stipend.
  MEM-358-19
The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated, personable and professional legislative intern for the Fall 2019 session. Tasks include answering the phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail, addressing constituent concerns, attending briefings and supporting legislative staff as needed. Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing skills, who pay close attention to detail.
 Page 10 of 14

Successful candidates would spend 25-40 hours per week interning in the DC office. Maryland ties a plus. A stipend is available.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability to employment@mail.house.gov. If you have further questions, please call the Intern Coordinator at (202) 225-4016.
  MEM-356-19
Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez was a faithful and tireless advocate of civic engagement. Marisol herself was afforded a public service internship with then- Judge Sylvia Garcia that led to a lifelong commitment to the ideals of enriching and empowering all people in her community. Through this fellowship, Marisol will continue her legacy of service, education and a selfless dedication to the betterment of her community.
The Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship is a fully funded fellowship program in Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia’s Washington, DC office. It is a competitive program awarded to outstanding students or recent graduates with a demonstrated interest in public service or public policy and strong ties to the 29th Congressional District of Texas.
The fellow(s) will gain hands-on office experience while learning about the legislative process. They will work closely with staff conducting research, drafting letters, and preparing for hearings. Other responsibilities will include leading Capitol tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
The position is available beginning in August 2019. To apply, send a resume and cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Marisol Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
  MEM-355-19 The Office of Congressman Roger Williams (TX-25) is currently seeking candidates for a paid internship for the 2019 Fall semester in our Washington D.C. office. Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable, and hold strong communication skills. Primary responsibilities include answering phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, assisting the
 Page 11 of 14

legislative staff, attending Congressional hearings, and completing legislative projects in a timely manner.
Successful candidates will be personable, flexible, detail-oriented, willing to learn, and proactive. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. Texas ties are preferred but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter with the subject line “Fall 2019 Congressional Internship” to Colton Teis at Colton.Teis@mail.house.gov
  MEM-354-19
The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or part-time paid interns for his Washington, D.C. office during the fall semester. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research. Although all internships are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students to receive college credit. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover letter to hannah.cooke@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
   MEM-351-19
The House Democratic Policy & Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a press intern to begin in September to support the communications team. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting press materials, maintaining website and digital platforms, clipping and editing videos, updating reporter and contact lists, coordinating events, and other administrative duties as assigned.
Candidates must have strong writing skills, familiarity with digital products and editing software, and the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to dpcc@mail.house.gov with the subject line “2019 Summer DPCC Internship.”
  MEM-350-19
NY Democrat seeks a highly motivated Press Fellow to help their communications team execute their press and social media strategy. Responsibilities include writing talking points and speeches, maintaining media lists, drafting letters and correspondence, writing press releases and statements, media monitoring, compiling daily press clips, and assisting the Communications team in drafting prep materials and other written products. Candidates must possess strong writing and time management skills.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and 3 writing samples to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov “Press Fellow” in the subject line.
  Page 12 of 14

We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected by law.
 MEM-349-19
NY Democrat seeks a highly motivated Digital Media Fellow to join its fast- paced Washington D.C. communications operation. Primary responsibilities will include taking photos, filming and live streaming events, drafting and creating social media content, aiding in the design of mailers, and producing high-quality online graphics and videos. A qualified candidate will be interested in digital press strategy, be ready to work in a fast-paced environment, and will take initiative. Past experience in communications or digital roles is preferred. Experience in filming and editing is required. New York ties are a plus.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and 3 samples of video editing or graphic design to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov with “Digital Media Fellow” in the subject line.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected by law.
  MEM-348-19
The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a paid press intern for the DC office this fall. Qualified applicants have very strong writing and communication skills, experience with video editing and content creation, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Spanish speaking candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: working closely with staff to draft social media content on a variety of issues and social media platforms, tracking media coverage, executing daily press clips, and editing the weekly video shoot.
The position is available beginning in August 2019. To apply, send a resume and cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Press Internship Application”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
  MEM-347-19 The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individual for a paid internship position this fall in
 Page 13 of 14

Washington, DC. This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to gain hands- on office experience while learning about the legislative process.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, participating in hearing preparation, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
The position is available beginning in August 2019. To apply, send a resume and cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Internship Application”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
    Page 14 of 14
