 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-085-15
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 16, 2015
A Democratic California Congressman is seeking one intern to join his Washington, D.C. team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting immediately and ending in June with the possibility for extension. Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide-range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close attention to detail, along with a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: assisting with scheduling, answering phone calls, attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hard-working intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more complex legislative and press-related projects. Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e- mail resume and cover letter in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking highly motivated and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for
 MEM-084-15
Page 1 of 10

 MEM-083-15
summer 2015. The internship will be broken down into two sessions, the first running from mid-May to early July and second from early July until late August. Candidates will only be allowed to participate in one session. Starting and ending dates are flexible depending on candidate’s schedule. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering constituent calls, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing briefings for legislative staff, and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred. If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2015 Summer Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
California Democratic Office is currently seeking a full-time intern to start immediately with a flexible end date. Ideal candidates have excellent writing and research skills, a proactive and positive attitude, and are willing to take initiative to execute tasks and ensure smooth office workflow. Responsibilities include constituent correspondence, answering phones, responding to and sorting incoming messages, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings, booking rooms on behalf of staff, leading capitol tours, and working with legislative staff on various projects. California ties are strongly preferred, but not required. If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to Yusuf.Parray@mail.house.gov. Please include “March Internship” in the subject line.
The DC office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from Washington’s 6th district, is looking for personable, diligent full or part-time interns to start this upcoming Summer term. This is an opportunity to learn about the inner-workings of a congressional office in a fast-paced work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities include assisting with constituent correspondence, producing daily press clips, and leading tours of the Capitol. This is a unique opportunity and prime for students or recent grads who are interested in learning about the legislative process or may eventually want to work for the federal government. To apply please send a resume, contact information for two references, and a cover letter outlining your interest in the position to nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within a week. Those with Washington state ties strongly encouraged to apply. We look forward to hearing from you!
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (D-NY) is offering summer internship opportunities for students and recent graduates. First-hand experience in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office will provide interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy and government affairs. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents, attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues for the legislative staff and assisting with additional office duties.
 MEM-082-15
 MEM-081-15
Page 2 of 10

 MEM-080-15
MEM-079-15
MEM-077-15
Interns will receive unique insight into the legislative process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s position as the Ranking Member of the House Rules Committee. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major pieces of legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor, including which amendments can be offered.
The internship provides different opportunities with staff to discuss their experiences on the Hill and future employment strategies. Applicants should e- mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing sample to James Blum at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact James at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
Internship opportunity available immediately in Congressman Bruce Westerman’s office. The intern will interact with constituents, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, answer constituent letters on various issues before the House, and other work to support the Member’s office. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to Victoria.Bell@mail.house.gov.
Hawaii Democratic Office is currently seeking highly motivated summer intern. Successful candidates will be well-organized, hard-working and detail-oriented. Intern responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, assisting staff with legislative, administrative, constituent relations and press activities. Interns will answer and screen telephone calls, greet visitors, assist staff, attend hearing and briefings, lead Capitol tours and write legislative correspondence. Hawaii ties preferred. Email cover letter, resume, and references to: hawaiidemocrat@gmail.com.
Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern for her Washington, D.C. office for winter/spring 2015. This internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fast-paced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be motivated; detail orientated and possesses strong communication and writing skills. This is a great opportunity for recent graduates seeking Hill experience. Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to kevin.rambosk@mail.house.gov.
Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is currently seeking a full-time intern to start mid-March with a flexible end date. Ideal candidates have excellent writing and research skills, a positive attitude, and a willingness to go above and beyond what is asked. Intern responsibilities include researching and writing Congressional correspondence, helping constituents find information and fielding
   MEM-075-15
Page 3 of 10

 MEM-073-15
constituent phone calls. This internship also provides the opportunity to work closely with staff members and assist in various projects. Washington ties are preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume, cover letter and a writing sample to taylor.paquette@mail.house.gov. Please include "WA-02 Internship" in the subject line.
Congressman Adam Kinzinger (IL) is looking for unpaid interns in his Washington, DC office to start immediately. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative projects, and attending briefings and hearings. Ideal candidates should have a strong work ethic, be energetic and engaging, and possess a positive attitude. Candidates with Illinois ties are encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter (with start date) to internsIL16@gmail.com.
The Office of Congressman Ami Bera (D-CA) seeks professional, dependable, and enthusiastic student or recent graduate for an unpaid congressional internship working closely with the administrative and legislative teams on a variety of tasks. Intern duties include, but are not limited to, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings, conducting tours of the Capitol building, researching legislation & drafting policy memos for the Congressman, writing constituent correspondence, and various day-to-day office tasks. Applicants should possess excellent written and oral communication, and proficiency in Microsoft Office programs. Sacramento, CA ties preferred. Internship to start mid-March or early April.
Please send resume and cover letter to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Ami Bera (D-CA) seeks professional, dependable, and enthusiastic student or recent graduate for an unpaid communications internship working closely with the communications team on a variety of tasks. Background/study in communications, journalism, public relations, or similar field preferred. Duties will include: drafting and posting web content and social media, drafting other written materials (constituent letters, memos, press releases, etc.), compiling daily press clips, answering office phones, and other administrative tasks as assigned. Sacramento, CA ties preferred. Internship to start mid-March or early April.
Please send resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office from March through June. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral
 MEM-071-15
 MEM-070-15
 MEM-068-15
Page 4 of 10

 MEM-067-15
and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests. Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
The Republican office of the Committee on House Administration seeks energetic and self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to apply for its full-time Summer 2015 internship program. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone inquiries, and providing support to all Committee staff. This is a paid internship. To apply, please send a cover letter, one page resume, and a writing sample to CHARep.Intern@mail.house.gov with “2015 Summer Internship” in the subject line.
Democratic Member of the House seeks an unpaid intern for their DC office. Responsibilities include assisting staff with general office duties, drafting constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, researching legislative issues, giving Capitol tours, greeting visitors and performing various other tasks. Candidate should be energetic, enthusiastic and able to thrive in a fast-paced working environment. Strong communication skills are a must. Candidates should have a general understanding of the governmental process, knowledge of North Carolina, and interest in the legislative process. If interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample via email to: nc12internjobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or walk-ins. Minorities, LGBT and women encouraged to apply, North Carolina ties preferred but not required.
Midwest Republican seeks full time hard working intern for immediate hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid press Page 5 of 10
 MEM-066-15
 MEM-064-15
MEM-062-15
 
 MEM-061-15
internship for Summer 2015. Duties will include tracking press clips and traffic on social media networks, updating and maintaining press contact lists, maintaining website, and assisting with the office’s day-to-day communications operation. Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications, news media, or journalism. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to md06.internships@mail.house.gov by March 24th with “Summer Press Internship” in the subject line.
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid congressional internship for Summer 2015. Duties will include conducting legislative research for staff, drafting memos on hearings and briefings, assisting with front office duties, answer constituent correspondence on matters related to the House, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to md06.internships@mail.house.gov by March 24th with “Summer Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Buddy Carter (GA-01) is currently seeking applicants for the remainder of the spring semester. Internships are available to qualified college students seeking college credit or recent college graduates. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants as well as an understanding of our federal legislative process. Georgia ties are preferred, but they are not required. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: providing tours of the Capitol, answering phones, helping staff process constituents’ mail and inquiries. Other responsibilities may include assisting staff with legislative research, writing meeting briefings, and attending committee hearings. Candidates should possess an interest in the legislative process, strong communication skills, along with a motivation and organization. If you are interested in being considered for an internship, please send your resume, cover letter, and any relevant writing samples to Hart.Thompson@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.
Moderate Southern Democrat seeks applicants for part-time and full-time unpaid congressional internships in Washington, DC. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting constituents and visitors to the office, assisting with day-to-day operations at the office, answering phones, leading tours of The US Capitol, running errands and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates should possess superior written and verbal communication skills and an interest in learning the intricacies of the legislative process. Part-time interns will be expected to commit to at least two full day shifts (9:00am to 6:00pm) per week, Monday through Friday. Ties to Florida are preferred, though not required. Interested parties should submit a resume as well as two professional references to FloridaDemResumeRepository@gmail.com.
 MEM-060-15
 MEM-057-15
 Page 6 of 10

MEM-055-15
Congressman Ron Kind (WI-03), a member of the House Ways & Means Committee, seeks full or part-time interns to start immediately in his Washington, DC office. Primary responsibilities include issue and legislative research, writing constituent mail, composing statements and press releases, administrative duties, and various other assignments. Washington, DC interns will have the opportunity to attend staff issue briefings and committee hearings to gain firsthand knowledge of how the legislative process works. The position is unpaid and interns are responsible for finding their own housing. Preference is for an individual who can work full-time from now through June but will also consider a flexible part-time schedule. Wisconsin ties are preferred, but not necessary. If interested, please send cover letter and resume to alex.eveland@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Ken Buck (CO-04) is seeking an intern to start immediately. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, drafting correspondence, attending various briefings, providing research for the legislative staff, and assisting front office staff. Applicants should have strong conservative values, exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, a committed work ethic, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process. Interested candidates should email their resume to Nicole.Kirsch@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid interns to fill positions for February through May 2015. Main responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred. Please e-mail your cover letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.
New York Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) is seeking unpaid interns for the spring semester, preferably to begin in mid February and finish in late June. Interns will:
• Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting incoming mail, greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
• Assist in the preparation of constituent responses.
• Perform legislative research.
• Respond to requests from constituents.
• Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
• Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the federal legislative process.
 MEM-053-15
 MEM-050-15
 MEM-046-15
Page 7 of 10

 MEM-042-15
Congressman Jerrold Nadler represents New York's 10th Congressional District, which includes the residents of most of the Upper West Side, Lower Manhattan and sections of Brooklyn. Congressman Nadler serves on the Judiciary Committee and on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, where he is the highest ranking member from New York. He is the Ranking member of The Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet.
To Apply:
Please e-mail or fax a resume, brief cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample to:
Email: Janice.Siegel@mail.house.gov Fax: 202-225-6923
The Office of Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson is seeking unpaid interns to start immediately in the Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities include assisting the administrative and legislative staff with writing, legislative research, constituent services, and attending various briefings and hearings. Candidates should be self-motivated, detail oriented, and possess strong oral and written communication skills. This is an excellent opportunity to gain experience on Capitol Hill while learning about the legislative process. Texas ties are preferred, but not required. If you are interested in this internship opportunity, please e-mail a cover letter, resume, references and a short writing sample to Nawaid.Ladak@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or walk-ins.
New Jersey Democratic Congressman Frank Pallone (NJ-06) seeks full time and part time unpaid interns for his personal office during the spring 2015 semester. We are seeking personable, hardworking and motivated individuals with excellent oral and written communication skills.
Job duties will include, but are not limited to: answering phones, assisting staffers with general administrative duties, attending briefings, drafting letters to constituents, and conducting congressional research. New Jersey ties are strongly preferred, but not necessary. A good sense of humor is a plus.
Please email a resume, cover letter, and references to thomas.egan@mail.house.gov, please include your dates and times of availability. We have immediate vacancies to be filled.
The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently seeking a press intern who would be able to start immediately. Applicants can be undergraduate or graduate and be willing to commit through mid-May. Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work. Media tasks may include helping organize and staff Committee press conferences, events and calls, updating and maintaining social media accounts, press list and contact management, drafting of talking points and press releases
 MEM-036-15
 MEM-032-15
Page 8 of 10

  MEM-031-15
and assisting with the production of daily news clips relating to Committee issues. Press interns also perform administrative duties related to running the front office. Interested applicants should email their cover letter and resume to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please include two short, relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
The Office of Congressman John Ratcliffe (TX-04) is currently seeking interns for the Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2015 semester. Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to, assisting staff with general office duties, attending hearings/briefings for staff members, answering phones, sorting through mail, drafting response letters, and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol. Candidates should be highly motivated and have good communication skills. This position is unpaid, but does offer a great educational experience for anyone with aspirations of working on the Hill. Having Texas ties is a plus. All interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to Robert.peters@mail.house.gov.
Arizona Democrat seeks full-time hard working intern for immediate hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending briefings, or providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to azdcinternships@gmail.com. Individuals with Arizona ties, women, and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students, as well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for Summer 2015 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone inquiries and providing support to all Committee staff. Background in science a plus. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to ashley.smith@mail.house.gov.
Michigan Office seeks intern who will report to the Intern Coordinator and Chief of Staff.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
 MEM-029-15
 MEM-028-15
 MEM-027-15
Page 9 of 10

and other office errands.
QUALIFICA TIONS:
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; • flexible schedule – Wednesday work day required;
• able to work at least 12 hours a week;
• ability to maintain calm in a high stress environment;
• preference for students from Michigan
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
• performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available resources);
• sorts and distributes mail;
• attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
• performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests, including names and addresses of constituents;
• answers the telephones;
• checks faxes;
• notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant information;
• greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and performs other duties as assigned.
SEND ALL RESUMES AND ONE WRITING SAMPLE TO:
CapitolHill14@gmail.com
 Page 10 of 10
