 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-184-15
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 20, 2015
The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid intern for Fall 2015. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending hearings.
Interested candidates should send their resume, a cover letter, and a brief writing sample to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is offering Fall internship opportunities for college students and recent college graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents, attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
 MEM-183-15
Page 1 of 8

  MEM-182-15
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major pieces of legislation.
The internship provides different opportunities with staff to discuss their experiences on the Hill and future employment strategies.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing sample to James Blum at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov.
Please do not hesitate to contact James at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
The office of Congressman Dan Donovan (R-NY) is currently seeking highly motivated and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for the 2015 fall internship session. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, attending hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff, and performing various administrative tasks. New York ties are preferred, but are not required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or school schedule of the applicant.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample to NY11internships@gmail.com with "Fall Internship" in the subject line. Please include your earliest possible start date and latest possible end date.
NO phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for Fall of 2015. Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com. No phone calls please.
 MEM-181-15
 Page 2 of 8

MEM-180-15 The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking full-time interns for her Washington D.C. office for Fall of 2015. Ideal candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong writing skills and work ethic. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
 MEM-179-15
MEM-178-15
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com. No phone calls please.
New Jersey Democrat seeking interns for the fall semester (Aug through Dec 2015). Qualified candidates will be organized, motivated self-starters, with strong communication and writing skills. Day-to-day duties include assisting with front office operations which includes greeting visitors, opening and sorting mail, answering phones, and conducting Capitol tours. Interns will also attend hearings and briefings and conduct research for staff. This internship is
unpaid. Please send cover letter, resume, and a one page writing sample to: nj08jobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins.
The Washington, DC office of Congressman Paul Gosar (AZ-04) seeks a highly motivated full or part-time intern for Fall 2015. Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential. Intern responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, assisting staff with legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will: answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative research.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample(s) to GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com.
Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her Washington, D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the Fall 2015 term. Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative process and have a desire to learn while being a part of a hardworking team. Ideal candidates will possess strong writing and verbal communication skills, a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist staff with legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings, draft memos, sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours. Candidates with Maryland ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a brief (no more Page 3 of 8
  MEM-177-15

 MEM-176-15
than one page) writing sample by Friday, July 31, 2015 to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
Congressman John Lewis, Representative for the 5th District of Georgia, seeks fall interns for his Washington, D.C., office. Interns will work in a fast-paced setting and gain valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress. Responsibilities include greeting constituents and visitors, handling phone calls, supporting staff with administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, aiding communications staff, and assisting with special projects and assignments. Preference will be given to those with Georgia connections and those available full-time.
If you would like to receive more information or apply to our internship program, please complete the application at http://johnlewis.house.gov/. For immediate consideration, please send the application, resume, and writing sample to Sarah.Hager@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Candice S. Miller (R-MI) seeks legislative interns for the Fall 2015 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, managing constituent phone calls, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with constituent correspondence, and attend legislative briefings, congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Requirements: Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team environment, and possess a strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to perform a variety of tasks and administrative functions. Michigan ties are preferred, but not required. To apply, please send cover letter and resume to mi10intern@gmail.com .
North Carolina Democrat seeks an unpaid Legislative Fellow for her Washington, D.C. office. Duties include assisting the legislative staff in conducting research, analyzing legislation, drafting memoranda, organizing talking points, and preparing for events. The Legislative Fellow will also be expected to assist the office with administrative duties. North Carolina ties are a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter to nc12internjobs@gmail.com.
The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
  MEM-174-15
 MEM-173-15
MEM-171-15
 Page 4 of 8

 MEM-170-15
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a resume and three writing samples.
Please submit all inquiries with the subject “Press Internship” to: NY .ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
Fall. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi- task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office
duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern for her Washington, D.C. office for Fall 2015 (mid-August to December). This internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fast- paced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be motivated; detail orientated and possesses strong communication and writing skills. This is a great opportunity for recent graduates seeking Hill experience. Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to kevin.rambosk@mail.house.gov.
Midwest Republican seeks full time hard working intern for Fall 2015. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office in August. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
 MEM-169-15
 MEM-168-15
MEM-167-15
 Page 5 of 8

 MEM-166-15
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests. Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
New Jersey Democratic Congressman Frank Pallone (NJ-06), the Ranking Member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, seeks full time and part time unpaid interns for his personal office during the fall 2015 semester. We are seeking personable, hardworking and motivated individuals with excellent oral and written communication skills. Job duties will include, but are not limited to: answering phones, assisting staffers with general administrative duties, attending briefings, drafting letters to constituents, and conducting congressional
research. New Jersey ties are strongly preferred, but not necessary. A good sense of humor is a plus. Please email, with the subject “Fall 2015 Internship Application”, a resume, cover letter, and references
to thomas.egan@mail.house.gov, and please include your dates and times of availability. We have immediate vacancies to be filled.
Conservative Republican seeks highly motivated fall interns for DC
office. Successful candidates will be organized, hard-working, and detail- oriented. Intern will be responsible for assisting staff with legislative and administrative duties such as greeting visitors, drafting constituent correspondence, answering phones, and leading Capitol tours. Interns will also have opportunities to attend staff briefings and committee hearings to gain firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. The position is unpaid, and the intern is responsible for finding housing in the DC area. Florida ties preferred. If interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and available dates to fl11internship@gmail.com. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the fall 2015 semester. Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips, assist with front office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications and writing skills are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not required. Please submit a cover letter, brief writing sample, and resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.
Nevada Republican seeks a legislative intern for August and/or Fall 2015. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings,
 MEM-164-15
 MEM-162-15
MEM-160-15
 Page 6 of 8

 MEM-159-15
congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Legislative Internship Qualifications:
Our office is looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be self- starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to do assist with daily office tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Legislative Internship Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00am- 6:00pm). Students welcome to apply. Those interested please send cover letter, updated resume, and references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.
Nevada Republican seeks an unpaid communications intern for August 2015 and/or Fall 2015. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the communications process and the United States Congress. Communication intern responsibilities include tracking and reporting on social media and news story comments, drafting social media posts, establishing and managing a twitter account, and reaching out to local/national reporters on social media. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend events and committee meetings to take photos and videos, work with the communications director to put press releases on the website, and assist with writing projects at the discretion of the communications director. Interns will also help facilitate our constituent communications program and guide constituents on tours of the US Capitol building.
Communications Intern Qualifications:
Our office seeks an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be self- starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently and as a member of a team environment. Applicants must have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist with daily communication tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Communications Intern Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00 am- 6:00 pm) with the option of working full-time, June through August. Students are welcome to apply. If interested, please send a cover letter, updated resume, sample of a social media post for a congressperson, and references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.
North Carolina Democrat seeks an unpaid Communications Fellow for her Washington, D.C. office. Duties include tracking press clips and traffic on social media networks, updating and maintaining press contact lists, drafting press releases, and assisting with the office's day-to-day communications operation.
 MEM-154-15
Page 7 of 8

 MEM-152-15
Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications, new media, or journalism. North Carolina ties are a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter to nc12internjobs@gmail.com.
New York Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) is seeking unpaid interns, preferably to begin immediately. Interns will:
• Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting incoming mail, greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
• Assist in the preparation of constituent responses.
• Perform legislative research.
• Respond to requests from constituents.
• Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
• Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the federal legislative process.
Candidates with graphic design, layout, Photoshop and computer programming skills are highly preferred.
Congressman Jerrold Nadler represents New York's 10th Congressional District, which includes parts of Manhattan and Brooklyn. Congressman Nadler serves on the Judiciary Committee and on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, where he is the highest ranking member from New York. He is the Ranking member of The Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet.
To Apply:
Please e-mail a resume, brief cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample to: Email: Christian.Barbato@mail.house.gov .
Arkansas Republican is seeking interns for August through December 2015. Qualified candidates will be hardworking, motivated self-starters, detail-oriented, and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Daily duties as an intern will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending hearings. Arkansas ties are a plus but not a requirement. This internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to ArkansasGOPIntern@gmail.com.
  MEM-150-15
 Page 8 of 8
