 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-367-14
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 10, 2014
The Office of Congressman Michael Capuano (D-MA) is seeking full- time interns to aid our administrative and legislative teams. Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending legislative hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail, giving Capitol tours, and assisting in any other special projects/tasks that may arise. Applicants should be self-motivated, reliable, hardworking, and have strong communication skills. Massachusetts ties preferred, but not required. Previous internship experience is a plus.
Spring 2015 internships start early January and run through the end of the semester (usually the middle of May). Internships are unpaid. Academic credit is available.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a one- page writing sample to juliet.albin@mail.house.gov.
 Page 1 of 11

MEM-365-14
Congressman Vern Buchanan (R-FL-16) has full-time and part-time, unpaid internships available for the spring session (January-May) in his Washington, DC office. Qualified candidates should possess excellent organizational and communication skills, should have a positive attitude, and a strong work ethic. Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university. All interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to jillian.gates@mail.house.gov with “2015 Spring Internship” in the subject line.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is seeking a full-time press intern to work with Congresswoman Slaughter communications team. This position is more advanced than a standard Congressional internship, requiring strong writing skills while being an avid consumer of political media. The press intern will work directly with the Communications Director and Digital Director/Speechwriter to carry out responsibilities including - but not limited to - helping create digital content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or video editing a huge plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips in the office at 8:00 am and ends at 4:00 pm.
While the position is unpaid, the office will work with universities and academic programs to accommodate applicants wishing to earn academic credit. It will also offer a unique insight into legislative and parliamentary procedure, as Congresswoman Slaughter is Senior Democrat on the Committee on Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor, including which amendments can be offered.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one-to-three page writing sample, and if applicable, a portfolio sample to James Blum at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact James at 202-225-3615 with any questions.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (D- NY) is offering internship opportunities for students and recent graduates starting immediately. First-hand experience in Congresswoman Slaughter's office will provide interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy and government affairs. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents, attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues for the legislative staff and
 MEM-363-14
 MEM-362-14
Page 2 of 11

 MEM-361-14
assisting with additional office duties.
Interns will receive unique insight into the legislative process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter's position as the Ranking Member of the House Rules Committee. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major pieces of legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor, including which amendments can be offered.
The internship provides different opportunities with staff to discuss their experiences on the Hill and future employment strategies. Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing sample to James Blum at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact James at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
Congressman Lloyd Doggett (D-TX) is seeking Internship applicants for his Washington, DC office for Spring 2015. These positions offer a unique opportunity to help respond to individuals who need help with a federal problem, and to learn about broader community and national concerns. Interns assist staff with constituent services and legislative research. If you are interested in interning, email elisa.santana@mail.house.gov with your resume and three references, a writing sample, and advise when you would be available. Candidates should have a strong work ethic and a positive attitude. Texas ties and Spanish skills a plus.
The Office of Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson is seeking full- time and part-time unpaid interns for the Spring 2015 semester in the member’s Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities will include assisting the administrative and legislative staff with writing, legislative research, constituent services, and attending various briefings and hearings. Candidates should be self-motivated, detail oriented and possess strong oral and written communication skills. This is an excellent opportunity to gain experience on Capitol Hill while learning about the legislative process. Texas ties are preferred, but not required. If you are interested in this internship opportunity, please e-mail a cover letter, resume, references and a writing sample to DCintern.tx30@gmail.com. Please no phone calls or walk-ins.
The office of a NY Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a resume and three writing samples: two
 MEM-360-14
 MEM-359-14
Page 3 of 11

 MEM-358-14
previous articles and one hypothetical article about a congressman who has secured a grant for his district. Please submit all inquiries to: pressinterns08@mail.house.gov.
Energetic NY Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship in the Spring. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-3) is currently seeking interns in his Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2015 (January-May). Interns perform a variety of responsibilities, including answering phones, receiving guests, and providing tours of the Capitol Building. They will also research legislation for the legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns should possess strong research, writing, analytical, and interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates should express an interest in politics and conservative values. All internships are unpaid. However, if your college or university offers credit hours we are happy to complete any necessary evaluations. Interested candidates should contact Claire Trokey and email their resume and cover letter to: claire.trokey@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Albio Sires (NJ-08) seeks motivated, well- organized interns for our Washington, DC office on a full or part-time basis. Excellent writing and communication skills as well as good judgment are essential. Duties will include assisting staff with correspondence and research, attending hearings and briefings, greeting guests, answering phones & other duties as needed. If you are interested, please fax a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to 202- 226-0792.
Midwest Democrat seeks press intern for spring semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will gain experience fact finding, researching current events, updating press lists, writing and editing press releases, working
 MEM-356-14
 MEM-355-14
MEM-354-14
Page 4 of 11

 MEM-353-14
on the E-newsletters, and editing social media. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, an interest in how a press office works, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American Government. Wisconsin ties are a plus.
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00 pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov by December 15th, 2014.
The Office of Congressman John K. Delaney is looking for highly qualified students or recent college graduates to serve as interns in our district offices in Gaithersburg and Hagerstown, MD for the 2015 Spring semester. Interns are an integral part of the team and are given substantial opportunities to learn and grow in a fast-paced and active office. Our district office interns work with us as full-fledged members of our staff and are responsible for assisting other staff with constituent outreach, casework, and office management. As a part of these responsibilities, interns will be asked to answer phones, meet with constituents, write letters, process incoming casework, and research casework issues for field representatives. In addition, interns may be assigned to assist in various constituent casework or work on district- based projects of importance. As a result, interns learn about the constituent services component of every congressional office.
The ideal candidate will be professional, responsible, and friendly. They should be organized, eager to learn, able to work both individually and as part of a team, perform well under pressure, and adapt to rapidly changing situations. Preference will be given to applicants who can work a minimum of 30 hours per week and give a 10-week minimum commitment. Specific start and end dates as well as the weekly schedule are negotiable.
This is an unpaid internship; however, academic credit can be arranged Page 5 of 11

through participating institutions. Interested applicants must send a cover letter and resume to MD06.Internships@mail.house.gov.
 Page 6 of 11

MEM-352-14
Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American Government. Wisconsin ties a plus.
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00 pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov by December 15th, 2014.
Washington, D.C. — Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his Leadership office with availability beginning in January. Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) assisting in preparing Caucus events, answering phones, providing constituency outreach support to Democratic Members of Congress and their staff, conducting research, extracting and formatting large quantities of data, writing detailed memos, attending relevant briefings and meetings, and assisting with team projects. Applicants should be self-starters, motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multi-task. Experience or interest in social media is a plus. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic credit or congressional internship/fellowship program participants. The intern should be prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.
Progressive New England Democrat is seeking highly motivated individuals for unpaid Congressional internship for Spring 2015. Responsibilities include drafting constituent letters, assisting legislative
 MEM-351-14
 MEM-350-14
Page 7 of 11

 MEM-349-14
staff with research, assisting with front office duties, and various administrative tasks. Candidates must possess strong writing and communication skills and be able to work 3-5 days per week. Ties to Rhode Island are strongly preferred. To apply, please send resume with references, cover letter, and brief writing sample to RI01Internship@gmail.com.
The Office of Congressman Reid Ribble is seeking qualified candidates to intern full time in our Washington, D.C. office starting in January 2015. We are interested in candidates of all academic disciplines.
Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office administration, legislative research, constituent correspondence, and other duties as assigned. Administration will include daily tasks such as welcoming guests, being aware of the Congressman’s and staff’s schedules, answering phones, constituent tours, mail administration, and other duties. Legislative research and constituent correspondence will include being aware of current and pending legislation, researching legislation for constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and the drive to take the initiative in a fast-paced environment.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send resume, writing samples, and references to jeffrey.kuckuck@mail.house.gov.
Ohio Republican seeks full time hard working intern for immediate hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings, providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.
The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is currently accepting applications for the SPRING 2015. Intern responsibilities include researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, answering phones,
 MEM-344-14
 MEM-343-14
Page 8 of 11

 MEM-342-14
day to day office duties, and answering constituent letters on various issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to MeehanDCIntern@gmail.com. The deadline to apply is November 7, 2014. Ties to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District are preferred, but not required.
The office of Congressman Keith Ellison seeks unpaid interns to fill a position for November 17 through February 17, 2014. Main responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be self- motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college students seeking academic credit. Minnesota ties strongly preferred. If interested, please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to zach.freed@mail.house.gov.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Tim Bishop is currently seeking interns available to begin at the end of October 2014. Interns should be comfortable answering office phones, greeting office visitors, giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, assisting the legislative staff with research, sorting mail, taking notes at hearings and briefings, as well as assisting with general office work. Strong writing and interpersonal skills are necessary. Applicants should be hard working, intelligent, and enthusiastic with an interest in politics, history and government. Long Island or New York ties are a plus, but not required. Those interested should send a resume to ny01.internapplications@gmail.com. College students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply. Please note this is an unpaid position. The office of Congressman Tim Bishop is happy to work with colleges and universities for credit.
Congressman Jerry McNerney (CA-09) is currently accepting applications for Fall/Winter internship positions in his Washington D.C. office. This unpaid internship will provide valuable hands-on experience in a Congressional office and a greater understanding of the legislative process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol, conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the
 MEM-341-14
 MEM-339-14
Page 9 of 11

 MEM-338-14
legislative and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. All majors are encouraged to apply. Ties to California’s Ninth Congressional District are preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter to nick.sullivan@mail.house.gov with “CA-09 Internship” in the subject line. Include dates of availability.
The Office of Representative Kevin Brady (TX-08) is currently seeking a paid full-time intern (part-time also possible- but may not be paid) for our Washington, D.C. office. Qualified candidates are well organized, with good oral and written communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about the political process and congressional affairs. Duties include but are not limited to, answering phones, compiling briefing binders, batching mail, performing legislative research, and attending briefings. Interns interact heavily with constituents so a positive attitude is a must. Applicants must be detail oriented with a strong work ethic and an eagerness to represent the 8th district of Texas. Previous Hill experience not required. Interested Candidates should send a resume and cover letter to: TX08intern@gmail.com.
Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-3) is currently seeking interns in his Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2015 (January-May). Interns perform a variety of responsibilities, including answering phones, receiving guests, and providing tours of the Capitol Building. They will also research legislation for the legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns should possess strong research, writing, analytical, and interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates should express an interest in politics and conservative values. All internships are unpaid. However, if your college or university offers credit hours we are happy to complete any necessary evaluations. Interested candidates should contact Claire Trokey and email their resume and cover letter to: claire.trokey@mail.house.gov.
The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its Fall 2014 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first- hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight,
 MEM-337-14
 MEM-336-14
Page 10 of 11

 MEM-335-14
member services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support. Please note that this is not a paid internship. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available hours to CHADem.Intern@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship.”
Moderate Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full or part- time unpaid congressional internship for Fall 2014. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. San Diego residents or strong ties to California are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to CA52.internships@gmail.com with “Fall Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
Conservative Fall & Spring Internship. The office of Representative Stephen Fincher (TN-08) is looking for motivated interns for the 2014 Fall and 2015 Spring semesters in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern responsibilities include assisting the staff with general office duties, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, sorting mail, giving Capitol tours, and performing various other tasks based on ability and interests. Applicants must possess strong communication skills, have a positive attitude and be well-organized. Internship may be full-time or part-time to fit applicant's schedule. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and résumé to TN08.Intern@mail.house.gov. Tennessee ties preferred, but not required.
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office from November through February. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests. Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
 MEM-334-14
 MEM-333-14
 Page 11 of 11
