 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 25, 2018
The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research. Although all internships are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students to receive college credit. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover letter to hannah.cooke@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-175-18
MEM-176-18
 Congressman Mike Bishop (MI-8th District) is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives, representing Ingham County, Livingston County, and North Oakland County. The Fall Internship Program will be based out of his Washington D.C. Office. Chosen applicants will have the opportunity to develop expertise in a congressional office and constituent relations. Applicants must possess excellent writing skills, a proactive work ethic, and the ability to learn quickly. Internships are unpaid, but our office is happy to support programs offering academic credit.
Page 1 of 8

 MEM-172-18
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1 to 2 pages any topic), and availability to Erin Beebe via email at Erin.Beebe@mail.house.gov.
Office Duties:
• Drafting constituent commendations and correspondence
• Assisting in research relating to legislation
• Conduct and lead tours of the Capitol building for our constituents • Directing constituent phone calls
Requirements:
• Ability to communicate professionally and diplomatically at all times • Experience in a professional work environment
• Knowledge of current events
• Commitment to staying informed on federal legislation and current
events
Office Information:
• Office hours are from 9:00am to 5:00pm Monday through Friday
• Our D.C. office address is 428 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
• Business professional dress is required
Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-18) has Fall 2018 openings for unpaid full-time and part-time congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office and his Pittsburgh, PA office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail- oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a preference for those who can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania ties are a plus, but are not required. Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Vern Buchanan is looking for looking for full time, unpaid interns for his Washington DC office starting in August. Candidates should be motivated, flexible and detailed oriented with 20-40 hours a week of availability. Florida ties are a plus but not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phones, leading Capitol tours, upkeeping mail databases, and assigned duties from full time staff. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills.
 MEM-171-18
Page 2 of 8

 MEM-170-18
Please email your resume, available start date, and weekly availability to housegopinternshipFL@outlook.com.
The office of Representative Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking applicants for an internship in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2018 term. Interns in the Washington office will help draft constituent letter responses, answer phones, assist with providing tours of the Capitol, and function as a key part of the staff. The Representative is looking for people who can work well under pressure and have excellent communication and writing skills; as well as being able to work in a very-team oriented office. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a must. Kansas ties preferred but not required. While the internship is unpaid, you will gain very valuable professional experience and an inside look at the lawmaking process on Capitol Hill.
Please email your cover letter and resume to Ks04dc.internapplication@mail.house.gov.
The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications for the 2018 Fall Semester. This is a full time internship that requires a flexible schedule and the ability to travel. Our internship term runs from late august to mid- December. Interns will assist with weekly Caucus meetings, Member outreach, and legislative work. Event planning and general logistics coordination will be central components of the internship. Interns will also handle front office duties such as answering phones, distributing mail, coordinating Capitol tours, and greeting visitors. Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude, attention to detail, and a great work ethic. Candidates with prior Hill experience, great writing skills, and strong familiarity with House Democrats are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2018 Fall Democratic Caucus Internship” in the subject line. Our application process is rolling, but applicants should be advised that priority will be given to those that submit their applications by July 9th.
The office of Congressman Walter B. Jones (NC-03) is currently seeking applicants for an internship in either his Washington, D.C. or Greenville, N.C. office for the Fall 2018 term. Interns in the Washington office help draft constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, and function as a key part of the staff. Interns also assist with answering phone calls, providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the constituent flag request our office receives. In the state office, interns will interact with constituents, work with federal agencies, and participate in outreach projects in order to resolve problems facing the people of Eastern North Carolina, as well as assist the staff with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fast paced
 MEM-168-18
 MEM-167-18
Page 3 of 8

 MEM-166-18
setting. The ideal candidate possesses strong organizational, communication, and writing skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a must. Although the internship is unpaid, you will gain valuable professional experience and an inside look at the lawmaking process on Capitol Hill. Academic credit is available for qualifying students. North Carolina and/or military ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should apply at www.jones.house.gov by July 15th.
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking highly motivated interns to join his Washington, DC office this fall. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy. Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking unpaid legislative interns for the Fall Semester. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, and event support.
Intern duties will include assisting with administrative and legislative tasks, answering phones, processing mail, providing capitol tours, and attending briefings. Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject field.
The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking an unpaid press intern to assist with fast-paced communications operation for Fall 2018. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, event support, social media (esp. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) and photography.
 MEM-165-18
 MEM-164-18
Page 4 of 8

 MEM-163-18
Intern duties may include:
- Daily press clips
- Answering phones
- Drafting documents for distribution to media
- Messaging & interview prep documents
- Social media content development
- Event photography
- ...and more!
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship” in the subject field.
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology is currently accepting applications for full-time interns for Fall 2018 and Spring 2019. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written communication skills, be able to multitask, and work well in a fast-paced environment. Please no calls or drop-ins. Interested applicants should apply at the following link: https://democrats- science.house.gov/contact/internships.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Steve Russell (OK-5) is seeking candidates for full-time internships for Fall 2018. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings, and working on special projects. Oklahoma ties are preferred, but not required. Please send your resume and cover letter to mitchell.wilkinson@mail.house.gov, with "Internship Application" in the subject line.
Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for the fall 2018 session in his Capitol Hill office. The fall session dates are August 27- December 14. The internship schedule is flexible to accommodate
classes. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First Congressional District are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should
  MEM-161-18
MEM-160-18
 Page 5 of 8

 MEM-159-18
e-mail their resume and cover letter to katie.mazzola@mail.house.gov before July 13. Please specify what your internship schedule may look like.
The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate-level students, as well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for a Fall 2018 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone inquiries and providing support to all Committee staff. Background in science is a plus. To apply, please send your resume and cover letter to house.science.committee@mail.house.gov.
The Republican staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives seeks candidates for law student, graduate student, and undergraduate student internships for fall 2017. Interns will have the opportunity to participate in substantive work on investigations and legislation, attend hearings and briefings, and participate in an intern education program. Undergraduate interns will also rotate through assisting in the front office on a recurring basis.
Fall internships are available immediately and typically run through the middle of December, although specific dates will be determined a case-by-case basis. Interns must be available at least three days a week, and preference will be afforded to those available full time.
The strongest candidates will exhibit an excellent work ethic, discretion in working on confidential matters, and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the Committee’s work.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter detailing their interest in the position to Robert.Brooks@mail.house.gov and Michael.Watson@mail.house.gov. Graduate students and law students are encouraged to include an unedited writing sample.
The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary responsibilities include office tasks such as answering phones and handling mail as well as assisting with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist with investigative research or other projects as needed. To apply please submit
 MEM-158-18
  MEM-157-18
Page 6 of 8

  MEM-155-18
your cover letter, resume and writing sample at https://democrats- oversight.house.gov/about/internships-and-fellowships.
The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting applications for Fall 2018 Interns. We are seeking dependable, politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school. The deadline to apply is June 29, 2018. Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov. These materials should be in PDF format. Please visit budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will not be considered. Paid internships are available to any student working full time and not receiving course credit.
Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking unpaid interns for Fall 2018 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative research and analysis. We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required. To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to: stephanie.heinrich@mail.house.gov.
Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton is seeking unpaid interns for Fall 2018 in the Main Congressional District Office. Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them. Tasks include and are not limited to the following: preparing constituent correspondence, letter writing, data entry, and assisting constituent liaisons with event coordination. Internships are open to undergraduate and graduate students looking to gain experience in a fast-paced and interactive Congressional District Office.
To apply, please email your resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF to Hazle.Crawford1@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking unpaid interns for Fall 2018 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with
 MEM-154-18
 MEM-153-18
 MEM-150-18
Page 7 of 8

 MEM-147-18
attending briefings, answering phones, coordinate and conduct tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins. To apply, please email a cover letter, resume and 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.
The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting applications for Fall 2018 Interns. We are seeking dependable, politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school. The deadline to apply is June 29, 2018. Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional and 1 academic), one-page writing sample, and completed application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov. These materials should be in PDF format. Please visit budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will not be considered. Paid internships are available to any student working full time and not receiving course credit.
 Page 8 of 8
