 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 16, 2020
 MEM-120-20
The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (NJ-01) seeks paid Press and
   Legislative interns for Summer 2020 starting in May/June.
Press responsibilities will include updating press lists, drafting social media posts for the Member’s official social media pages (including Facebook, Twitter and Instagram), designing graphics and editing short video clips as needed. Ideal applicants will have experience with iMovie, Adobe Photoshop and social media. Legislative responsibilities include researching legislation for the legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings and drafting constituent letters on the Member’s behalf. All interns are expected to work with the staff to answer phones, greet constituents and guide tours of the U.S. Capitol Building.
The Office of Congressman Norcross is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply. New Jersey ties are a plus but not required.
Deadline to apply: Monday April 13, 2020
Page 1 of 17

To apply, please email a single PDF including your cover letter (including weekly availability and start date), resume and a 1-2 page writing sample to Elizabeth.leer@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name – Summer Intern – Legislative *or* Press” (please indicate).
   MEM-119-20
The Washington office of Congresswoman Val Demings seeks an intern for Spring 2020. Individual responsibilities will vary, but all interns will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues.
Internship hours are flexible, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Interns will receive a stipend.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter with days of availability, including your preferred start and end dates, and a one-page writing sample to FL10.Internships@mail.house.gov. Please use “Internship Application” in the subject line. Individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
   MEM-118-20
The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform is seeking energetic and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time internships. The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research, drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes. Law students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee counsel and staff. Background: The Oversight and Reform Committee is the primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate any matter at any time.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the office full time are preferred.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a cover letter and resume to OversightJobs@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please. The office is
  Page 2 of 17

an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
 MEM-117-20
The office of Congressman Mike Thompson (CA-05) is currently seeking applications for our internship program beginning immediately and running through June. Mike Thompson represents California's 5th Congressional District. The district includes all of Napa and parts of Contra Costa, Lake, Solano and Sonoma Counties.
Duties include greeting guests and constituents, answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, attending briefings, performing legislative research, drafting constituent correspondence letters and other various tasks to assist staff.
This opportunity will enable you to strengthen your understanding of the legislative process and will give you a front row seat to all that takes place in the United States Congress. Successful candidates have a professional demeanor, are hardworking, possess strong writing skills and a strong attention to detail. CA or district ties are preferable, but not required.
Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter and a short writing sample to katie.clements@mail.house.gov with ‘Team Thompson Internship’ in the subject line.
  MEM-116-20
The Democratic staff for the House Small Business Committee is currently accepting resumes for Spring 2020 Interns to start immediately.
As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: answering phones and appropriately directing calls, archiving incoming letters/reports, assisting with Full Committee and Subcommittee hearings, sorting and processing mail, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy-based projects.
All interested applicants please send your resume to tracy.ennesser@mail.house.gov.
  MEM-115-20
Congressman Ralph Norman (SC-05) has IIMMEDIATE openings for full and part-time congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals.
Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable and hold strong written and verbal communication skills.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, attending Congressional hearings, assisting the legislative staff, and participating in a legislative project for your
 Page 3 of 17

portfolio. A good sense of humor is a plus. Please e-mail a resume to
Kimberly.Hammond@mail.house.gov
South Carolina ties are a plus but are not required.
  MEM-114-20
The Office of Congressman Lloyd Smucker (PA-11) is seeking highly motivated and professional interns to work in his Washington D.C. office. Full-time internship hours are 9:00 am – 6:00 pm, and part-time internships are based in availability.
Interns are expected to manage administrative and legislative assignments including but not limited to: answering phone and mail correspondence, provide various constituent services, execute front office responsibilities, give tours of the U.S Capitol, and conduct legislative research.
Qualified candidates will possess familiarity with the American political system and Capitol Hill, interest in current events and news, as well as demonstrate strong communications skills and work ethic. Must have an enthusiastic “can do” attitude as customer service is a very important cornerstone to this role. Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required.
Our office is currently offering internships for the Summer 2020 session. Please email your resume and cover letter to Benjamin.weiner@mail.house.gov with “Summer 2020 Internship” in the subject line.
  MEM-111-20
The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a press intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation for Summer 2020. This is a paid position. Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing, event planning, social media, graphic design, and photography skills, and be able to work on tight deadlines. Selected candidates will also be expected to perform standard administrative duties.
Intern responsibilities include:
* Social media content development * Event photography
* Compiling press clips
* Clipping videos
* Creating graphics
* Drafting press releases
* Answering phones
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and dates of availability to GwenMoorePress.Moore@mail.house.gov with “Summer 2020 Press Internship” in the subject line. We also recommend, but do not require, applicants submit 1-3 sample graphics.
  Page 4 of 17

MEM-110-20
The office of Congresswoman Kendra S. Horn (OK-05) is seeking full-time and part-time Summer 2020 Interns for our Washington, D.C. office. The internship will run from May to August. We are looking for highly motivated, personable, and professional interns.
Responsibilities include answering the phones, leading tours of the Capitol, managing the front office, attending briefings, and supporting staff as needed. Our interns are provided with first hand experiences and gain invaluable insight into the legislative process while working in a fast-paced, community-oriented office.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates who are detail- oriented, have a strong work ethic, good writing skills, and can work collaboratively as part of a team. Oklahoma ties are strongly preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two writing samples (1-2 pages), three professional references, and your availability with the subject line “Spring Internship Application” to OK05.DCinternship@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is April 15, 2020.
Please note whether you are applying for outside funding and the deadlines that need to be met. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
  MEM-108-20
The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a highly motivated full-time intern for Summer 2020. This is a paid internship.
Qualified candidates will be dependable team players, capable of excelling in a fast-paced office, and will possess strong writing, editing, verbal communication, and organizational skills. Experience with research is a plus since there are opportunities to work with the legislative staff on relevant issues. This position’s responsibilities include serving as a primary contact with constituents, greeting visitors, providing Capitol Tours, and assisting with projects assigned from other staff members. These projects often include assisting with data entry or drafting correspondence.
Interns will have the opportunity to attend Capitol Hill briefings, hearings, and other informative events that are available. Interns will also have the ability to gain professional and educational experience while learning more about Congress and the legislative process. Wisconsin ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and dates of availability to maryah.thompson@mail.house.gov with “Summer 2020 Internship” in the subject line.
  Page 5 of 17

 MEM-107-20
Seeking paid full-time and part-time interns in Rep. Drew Ferguson’s (GA-03)
   Washington, D.C. congressional office to start immediately. Intern responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. Generally, the office hours run from 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.” Applicants may send resumes to robert.redding@mail.house.gov
 MEM-104-20
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Mike Johnson (LA-04) is seeking candidates for full-time and part-time internships for Spring 2020. Interns will have the opportunity to observe the inner-workings of a Congressional office while acquiring specific knowledge about the legislative process.
Responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, and working on special projects. Louisiana ties are preferred but are not required.
In order to apply, please visit our website:
https://mikejohnson.house.gov/services/internships
  MEM-103-20
The Office of Congresswoman Madeleine Dean (PA-04) seeks motivated, detail- oriented, and energetic individuals for press internships in Washington, DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: designing graphics, drafting social media content, editing short video clips, and working closely with the Communications staff. Additional duties include: answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, and other duties as necessary.
Positions are available beginning in May 2020. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to pa04applications@gmail.com with the phrase “Press Internship Application” in the subject line. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship. District ties are preferred but not required.
Deadline to submit applications is March 29th.
  MEM-102-20
The Office of Congresswoman Madeleine Dean (PA-04) seeks motivated, detail-
   oriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to
Page 6 of 17

manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Positions are available beginning in May 2020. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to pa04applications@gmail.com with the phrase “ Legislative Internship Application” in the subject line. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship. District ties are preferred but not required.
Deadline to submit applications is March 29th.
  MEM-101-20
The Democratic Majority of the Committee on Rules is seeking a full-time press intern for the summer (May-August). Opportunities will include compiling daily press clips, working collaboratively to generate creative and engaging content for digital platforms, and assisting communications staff with the creation of additional materials as needed.
Ideal candidate is a politically savvy, detail-oriented, and creative self-starter who is familiar with graphic and/or video design, with an interest in learning about House procedure. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please. Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and diverse candidates, those with untraditional backgrounds, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send both a resume and brief cover letter with the subject line: Press Intern Summer 2020 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to join, in particular, the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov
  MEM-100-20
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic interns for the summer (May – August). Our interns work closely with Committee staff to prepare materials for Committee meetings, process incoming amendments to bills, conduct research projects, answer phones, learn about the Rules of the House and the special-order process, and complete a variety of other administrative tasks.
 Page 7 of 17

Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work ethic, an interest in learning about House floor procedures, and are detail-oriented. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please. Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line: Legislative Intern Summer 2020 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to join the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov
  MEM-099-20
The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting applications for a full-time legislative intern for the spring-summer 2020 session. Working closely with Committee staff, legislative interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the legislative process and the inner workings of a congressional committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced front office, answering phones, and greeting visitors.
Responsibilities also include assisting staff with hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research projects, and various other tasks as assigned.
Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic, team player attitude. Previous Hill experience is preferred but not required. Note that Committee internships are unpaid positions.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to: var.internship@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.
  MEM-098-20
The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting applications for a full-time press internship for the spring 2020 session. Working closely with Committee communications staff, the press intern will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of a Committee-wide communications strategy, the legislative process, and the inner-workings of a congressional Committee. The press intern will be working in a fast-paced front office, answering phones, and greeting visitors.
Responsibilities also include assisting communications staff with hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, compiling press clips, taking photos, updating press lists, legislative research projects, and various other tasks as assigned.
 Page 8 of 17

Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in communications and issues affecting veterans, while also possessing an energetic, team player attitude. Previous Hill experience is preferred but not required. Note that Committee internships are unpaid positions.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to: var.internship@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.
  MEM-097-20
The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is seeking a press fellow to assist with an aggressive and fast-paced communications operation for Summer 2020. This is not a traditional Hill internship - applicants must have strong writing, editing, and digital communication skills.
Ideal candidates are recent graduates or graduate students with prior experience working on the Hill, creating content, and writing under tight deadlines. Fellowship is paid and highly competitive. It traditionally runs from mid- May/early-June through the end of August. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Primary Duties:
·Writing press releases
·Drafting daily social media content (i.e. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) ·Maintaining website
·Designing graphics, video editing
·Compiling daily press clips
·Managing press lists
·Providing research for op-eds and press releases
Please email a resume, cover letter, short writing sample, and 3 digital samples to ny18pressfellowship@gmail.com with “SUMMER 2020 PRESS FELLOWSHIP” in the subject line.
  MEM-096-20
The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a press intern for the DC office this summer. Qualified applicants have very strong writing and communication skills, experience with video editing and content creation, a strong sense of professionalism and a solid work ethic. Spanish speaking candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: working closely with staff to draft social media content on a variety of issues and social media platforms, tracking media coverage, executing daily press clips, and editing the weekly video shoot.
 Page 9 of 17

The position is available beginning in April 2020. To apply, send a resume and cover letter to robert.julien@mail.house.gov and CC zachary.conti@mail.house.gov with the subject “Summer Press Internship Application.” In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
   MEM-095-20
The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individual for a legislative internship position this summer in Washington, DC. This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to gain hands-on office experience while learning about the legislative process.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and a solid work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, participating in hearing preparation, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
The position is available beginning in late April or early May 2020. To apply, send a resume and cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Summer Internship Application.” In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
  MEM-092-20
Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-17) has Summer 2020 openings for full and part- time congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning in May, and a preference for those who can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania ties are a plus but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects
 Page 10 of 17

in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov
  MEM-091-20
Congressman Steve Watkins (R-KS) is seeking a paid intern to start immediately in his Capitol Hill office. The internship dates and schedule are flexible to accommodate classes. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services. If interested, you will also be able to assist with regular press/communications duties.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume to Dylan.Jones@mail.house.gov. Please specify what your internship schedule may look like, including preferred start/end dates.
     or third year graduate or law student as a ‘Labor Policy Intern’ or ‘Labor Policy Fellow’ for the spring of 2020. Interns and Fellows perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative work.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research, legal research, and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals.
Applicants should be able to start immediately and commit through May. Graduates and Fellows should be able to demonstrate study, practical or policy experience in issues relevant to the Committee. Fellows must be participating in an established fellowship program.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov. Please, also, include two short, relevant writing samples in your application materials. Applicants may visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
  MEM-090-20
The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking a second
MEM-089-20 Congresswoman Elaine G. Luria (VA-02) member of the House Armed Services Committee and House Veterans Affairs Committee, where the Congresswoman serves as Chair of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee, seeks a paid press intern for her Washington DC office.
 Page 11 of 17

Responsibilities may include drafting social media content, monitoring social media platforms, drafting constituent correspondence and outreach, and assisting the Communications Team with other tasks as needed. The press intern will report to and work closely with the Press Assistant and the Communications Director.
Qualified candidates should be motivated, detail-oriented, a team player, and possess strong oral and written communication skills. Virginia ties are a plus. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please email a single PDF including your cover letter listing your availability, resume and a 1-2 page writing sample to VA02DC.Interns@mail.house.gov with “Your Name: VA-02 Summer Press Internship” in the subject line.
Please no drop-ins or phone calls.
     Committee and House Veterans Affairs Committee, where the Congresswoman serves as Chair of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee, seeks paid interns for her Washington DC office. Responsibilities may include answering phones, leading Capitol tours, up-keeping constituent mail and correspondence, preparing memoranda, attending briefings and hearings, and assisting staff with legislative projects.
Qualified candidates should be motivated, detail-oriented, a team player, outgoing, and possess strong oral and written communication skills. Virginia ties are a plus but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please email a single PDF including your cover letter listing your availability, resume and 1-2 page writing sample to VA02DC.Interns@mail.house.gov with “Your Name: VA-02 Summer Internship” in the subject line.
Please no drop-ins or phone calls.
 MEM-088-20
Congresswoman Elaine G. Luria (VA-02) member of the House Armed Services
MEM-085-20 Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full or part-time congressional internship in the Washington, D.C. office for remainder of spring and summer. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. California
 Page 12 of 17

residents or strong ties to San Diego are preferred. Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per week.
Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and availability (start and end dates as well as days per week) to CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “Last Name, First Name, CA52 Internship” in the subject line.
Our office offers a paid internship to one college student per internship session. Students applying for the paid internship must meet one of the following criteria: a) be eligible for the Pell Grant or b) receive financial aid as a student with disabilities. We accept applications from college sophomores, juniors and seniors (at the time of applying).
Participation in this program is intended to open opportunities for students who are seeking a career in public service, but do not have the personal or family means to participate in an unpaid internship. To prove eligibility for the Pell Grant/other need-based awards, please have the financial aid department at your college complete the form at the bottom of this page: scottpeters.house.gov/services/internships
   MEM-083-20
The office of Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro is accepting applications for the Summer 2020 internship program in the Washington, DC office. Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Intern responsibilities include supporting legislative and press staff, attending hearings and briefings, answering constituent phone calls, leading US Capitol tours, organizing constituent mail, greeting office visitors, and various ad hoc projects. For application information, please visit https://delauro.house.gov/services/internships. Please email your completed application to Harper.White@mail.house.gov
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military, disability or sexual orientation.
   MEM-081-20
The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is seeking to fill an immediate vacancy for a paid undergraduate internship. Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping
 Page 13 of 17

to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips.
Applicants should be able to start immediately and commit through May. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov and put ‘Spring 2020 Undergraduate’ in the subject line of the email. Please visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Interviews will be scheduled on a rolling basis.
The Committee on Education and Labor is a legislative office within the U.S. House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over a broad array of child welfare, education and labor policy areas, including early childhood education, K-12 education, higher education, employer/employee relations, worker safety, and employer provided health care. Representative Robert C. “Bobby” Scott (D-VA) serves as Chairman.
   MEM-080-20
The Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, Civilian Security, and Trade is seeking full-time and part-time interns based in Washington, D.C. Interns will work closely with subcommittee staff while learning the inner workings of Congress and the legislative process. Successful candidates will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detail-oriented, with strong writing and communication skills and an ability to thrive in a fast- paced work environment.
The terms of the Internship will be from April to June 2020 and June to August 2020. Undergraduate or graduate school students and recent alumni interested in foreign affairs and Western Hemisphere policy are encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, providing administrative and research support to staff, and assisting with subcommittee hearings and events, among other office and research tasks. Spanish, French or Portuguese proficiency preferred but not required.
Qualified applicants should send a one-page resume and cover letter to WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “ Late Spring 2020 Internship Application” or “Summer 2020 Internship Application.” Minorities, women, and LGBTQIA+ individuals and those with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. Please be sure to include your preferred start and end date. Late spring candidates should apply immediately and summer candidates can submit application by March 31st.
No calls or drop-ins.
  Page 14 of 17

MEM-077-20
Congresswoman Lauren Underwood (IL-14) is delighted to announce 2020 summer internship opportunities in her Washington, DC and West Chicago, IL offices.
Internships are designed to offer students and recent graduates direct participation in public service through supporting our offices' constituent engagement and services, administrative responsibilities, and research.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, assist with correspondence, coordinate and conduct tours, research legislation, assist with constituent casework, and attend hearings and briefings on various issues. Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, flexible, and possess the ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Summer internships are available from May until August, with start and end dates tailored to accommodate an academic calendar year. Internship hours run from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. on weekdays. Please note that interns are expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per week. A limited number of paid positions are available for internship applicants who are not sponsored by outside organizations.
The deadline to apply, for the summer semester is March 20, 2020. Preference will be given to applicants with ties to the Illinois 14th.
To learn more and apply, please click here.
(https://underwood.house.gov/services/internships/internship-form) For questions about internships please call our office (202) 225-2976.
  MEM-075-20
Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-21) D.C. office seeks interns for the upcoming Summer 2020 semester. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This position demands the ability to multi-task, strong organizational skills and must work cooperatively and courteously with others in a shared space.
Duties include: answering telephone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing assistance to the D.C. staff. Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter. Cover letter should detail reasons for applying to the position. Please indicated which session is preferred- Session A (May 11-June 19) or Session B (June 22- July 31).
Deadline to apply by is March 2nd, 2020 COB. All materials must be submitted to Acree.Trivett@mail.house.gov
   Page 15 of 17

 MEM-070-20
The Office of Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez is currently accepting
   applications for a full-time legislative internship. The internship is paid and offers metro reimbursement.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Internship” in the subject line.
The application deadline is Friday, April 17th.
  MEM-069-20
The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking a highly motivated,
   proactive Summer Press Intern with strong writing and organizational skills. The internship is paid and offers metro reimbursement.
Duties include assisting the Chief of Staff and Press Secretary with day-to-day operations – including but not limited to: creating daily social media and video content, tracking press clips and traffic on social media, and drafting press releases, op-eds, newsletters and video scripts.
Responsibilities may include creating, drafting and posting content on all platforms and growing the Congresswoman’s e-newsletter program and updating the website. Ideal candidates are politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative self-starters familiar with social media and digital trends.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter with their availability, and three digital or writing samples in a single PDF to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Press Internship” in the subject line. The application deadline is Friday, April 17th.
 MEM-068-20
The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking a highly motivated, proactive Spring Press Intern with strong writing and organizational skills. The position will be filled on a rolling basis, and offers a stipend and metro reimbursement.
Duties include assisting the Chief of Staff and Press Secretary with day-to-day operations – including but not limited to: creating daily social media and video
 Page 16 of 17

content, tracking press clips and traffic on social media, and drafting press releases, op-eds, newsletters and video scripts.
Responsibilities may include creating, drafting and posting content on all platforms and growing the Congresswoman’s e-newsletter program and updating the website. Ideal candidates are politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative self-starters familiar with social media and digital trends.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter with their availability, and three digital or writing samples in a single PDF to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Spring Press Internship” in the subject line.
     applicants in the D.C. office for Summer of 2020. Qualified applicants should possess strong communication skills, be interested in learning about the legislative process, and have a willingness to work in our fast-paced office.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
intern.OH06@gmail.com
 MEM-067-20
Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
MEM-065-20
The Office of Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez is currently accepting applications for a full-time paid internship. Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor.
Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Internship” in the subject line.
The application deadline is Friday, April 17th, 2020.
       Page 17 of 17
