 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-348-16
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 7, 2016
The office of Representative Julia Brownley (CA-26) is currently seeking full or part-time press interns to work in her Washington, D.C. office. Press interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill and communications experience, furthering their knowledge of the Congressional media landscape and the legislative process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: compiling daily clips, drafting press releases and other written materials, editing and proofreading, maintaining press lists, and assisting with updates to Member’s official website and social media platforms. The press intern will also be involved heavily in the redesign of the Congresswoman’s website as a long term project.
Press interns may also assist with answering phones, addressing constituent concerns, and helping other office staff as needed.
The ideal candidate will be resourceful, motivated, creative, detail-oriented, and able to work quickly and efficiently under pressure. Press interns should be able to commit to at least 15 hours a week. Women and minorities are highly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing samples (optional) to ca26pressintern@gmail.com with the subject line “Press Intern_ (Your Name).
 Page 1 of 13

MEM-346-16
MEM-345-16
Strong writing skills are required and familiarity with social and digital platforms is recommended. Graphic design experience is a plus.
The Office of Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks a full time, unpaid intern for immediate hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to mark.galay@mail.house.gov.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the spring semester of 2017. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. California ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter, and dates of availability to Peter.Durkin@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.
The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is currently accepting applications for Spring 2017. Intern responsibilities include researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, answering phones, and day to day office duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to meehandcintern@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is Friday, November 18, 2016. Ties to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District are preferred, but not required.
Congressman Dan Kildee’s Washington, D.C. office is always seeking motivated and hard-working college students for fall, spring or summer internships. Although internships are unpaid, students will gain valuable work experience in a fast-paced congressional office.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral and written communications skills, responsible, dependable, and eager to learn. JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them. Tasks include and are not limited to the following: Researching legislative issues, preparing constituent correspondence, data entry, and helping maintain the efficient day-to-day operations of an active Congressional office.
If interested, please send a resume and letters of recommendation to Ghada Page 2 of 13
  MEM-344-16
 MEM-343-16

  MEM-342-16
Alkiek at ghada.alkiek@mail.house.gov
For more information on Congressman Dan Kildee and Michigan’s 5th Congressional District, please visit our website at www.dankildee.house.gov
Congressman Gerald Connolly seeks applicants for an internship in his Washington D.C. Office for Spring 2017 (January to May/June). Main responsibilities include (but are not limited to) answering the phones, sorting mail, drafting constituent correspondence, arranging tours, conducting legislative research for staff, attending Congressional hearings with staff, and performing other administrative tasks as needed.
Applicants should be reliable and detail-oriented, and possess a professional and courteous demeanor, strong verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Ties to the 11th District of Virginia are preferred, but not required.
To apply for this internship please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to va11.internship@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for an internship in Washington, DC beginning January 2017. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors, leading tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as necessary. Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning January 2017. Michigan ties are preferred, but not required. To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to: Alex.Huang@mail.house.gov. Please indicate expected dates and hours available to work in your cover letter.
Congressman Marc Veasey (TX-33) is seeking highly motivated interns to join his Washington D.C. office for Spring 2017. Interns will have the chance to gain valuable work experience while experiencing the fast-paced atmosphere of a congressional office. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to detail and ability to function in a fast-paced environment. Texas ties are preferred but are not required. Internships are unpaid. However, current students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply, please send cover letter and resume to Emily.Englander@mail.house.gov.
The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid intern for Spring 2017. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and
 MEM-341-16
 MEM-340-16
 MEM-339-16
Page 3 of 13

 MEM-338-16
MEM-337-16
professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending hearings. Interested candidates should send their resume, a cover letter, and a brief writing sample to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com.
Office of Congressman Brad Wenstrup
Spring 2017 Intern
Application can be found on the website
Interested applicants should fill out the form on https://wenstrup.house.gov/forms/form/?ID=3257, as well as send a cover letter and resume to OH02interns@gmail.com.
The office of Representative Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) is currently seeking a press intern for Spring 2017 to work in his Washington, D.C. office. Press interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill and communications experience, furthering their knowledge of the Congressional media landscape and the legislative process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: compiling daily clips, drafting press releases and other written materials, editing and proofreading, maintaining press lists, and assisting with updates to Member’s official website and social media platforms. Press intern may also assist with answering phones, addressing constituent concerns, and helping other office staff as needed.
Strong writing skills are required and familiarity with social and digital platforms is recommended. Graphic design experience is a plus. The ideal candidate will be resourceful, motivated, creative, detail-oriented, and able to work quickly and efficiently under pressure. Press interns should be able to commit to at least three full days per week (9:00am-6:00pm). Women and minorities are highly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and 2 writing samples (no more than 2 pages each) to ruizpressintern@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press Intern” by Monday, November 21st. No calls or walk-ins please.
Democratic Congressman Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking highly motivated interns to join his Washington D.C. office. Interns will have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a congressional office and gain valuable work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence letters on various issues before the House. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to detail and ability to function in a fast-paced environment.
   MEM-336-16
Page 4 of 13

 MEM-335-16
Full-time 3 month internship positions are available beginning January 4, 2016. CA-31 and/or California ties are preferred but not required. Internships are unpaid, however current students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply, please send cover letter and resume to Chelsea.Glynn@mail.house.gov.
Rep. Earl Blumenauer, D-Ore., is seeking interns for Winter 2017 in his Portland and Washington, D.C. offices. Successful applicants will perform substantive and administrative work in a congressional office while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Duties include, but are not limited to:
• Providing constituent services (answering phones, sorting physical and electronic mail, greeting visitors in the office, and more).
• Legislative research and writing.
• Completing special projects for staff.
• In Washington, D.C.: Giving Capitol tours and attending legislative briefings and committee hearings.
• In Portland: Attending meetings with community organizations alongside staff and the Congressman
Qualifications include:
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• An ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others. • Strong organizational skills.
• Dependability and a strong work ethic.
Oregon ties are preferred, but not required. All internships are unpaid. Please e- mail your resume and cover letter to Jon.Bosworth@mail.house.gov for the Washington, D.C. office and Mariah.Wildgen@mail.house.gov for the Portland office. In the body of your message, please indicate what dates you will be available, how many hours a week you would like to work, and whether you will be seeking academic credit. For more information, please visit http://blumenauer.house.gov.
About Rep. Blumenauer: A lifelong resident of Portland, Earl Blumenauer (OR- 03) has devoted his entire career to public service. While still a student at Lewis and Clark College, he spearheaded the effort to lower the voting age both in Oregon and at the national level. He was elected to the Oregon Legislature in 1972. In 1978, he began serving on the Multnomah County Commission, and was elected to the Portland City Council in 1986. There, his 10-year tenure as the Commissioner of Public Works demonstrated his leadership on the innovative accomplishments in transportation, planning, environmental programs, and public participation that have helped Portland earn an international reputation as one of America’s most livable cities.
Elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1996, Rep. Blumenauer is a strong advocate for federal policies to create livable communities, rebuild and renew infrastructure, provide housing choices, support sustainable economies, and improve the environment. He is a recognized leader in Congress for reforming federal drug laws and promoting animal welfare. Blumenauer sits on
 Page 5 of 13

MEM-334-16
the Ways and Means Committee, giving him a unique platform from which to initiate legislation that addresses and mitigates the effects of global warming while also advancing his priorities of honest trade, financing critical infrastructure, and ensuring economic security for working families.
The Office of Congresswoman Norton (DC-00) has openings for full-time and part-time interns to support our administrative, legislative, and press teams. Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending legislative briefings and hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail, giving Capitol tours, assisting with communications and media materials.
Applicants should be enthusiastic, reliable, professional, hardworking, and have strong writing and communication skills. Washington D.C. ties are required. Internships begin in January and go until May. These positions are unpaid. Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and references to Camilo.Manjarres@mail.house.gov by November 21. Location: Washington, D.C.
Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about the legislative process and congressional affairs. A background in national security issues in the Middle East and/or East Asia is preferred, but not necessary. Graduate and undergraduate students are both welcome to apply.
The individual will support the legislative team on the Congresswoman's work on both the House Armed Services Committee and the House Foreign Affairs committee, as well as assist in the day-to-day operations of the office by supporting members of staff with legislative research, constituent services, and administrative activities.
Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please. The application period closes November 30th, 2016.
California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time interns in his Washington, D.C. office, beginning as soon as possible. We are seeking highly qualified candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office, intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give tours of the capitol, run errands, assist with constituent communication, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid but the office will provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and a 250-300 word cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.
 MEM-332-16
 MEM-331-16
 Page 6 of 13

MEM-330-16 MEM-329-16
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Spanish skills a plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.
The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its Winter-Spring 2017 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support. Please note that this is an unpaid internship. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available hours to
intern.CHADEM@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship.”
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid press internship for Spring 2017. Duties will include compiling press clips, monitoring traffic on social media networks, maintaining website, drafting press releases and social media, and assisting with the office’s day-to-day communications operation. Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications, new media, or journalism. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to md06.internships@mail.house.gov by December 1, 2016 with “Spring Press Internship” in the subject line.
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid congressional internship for Spring 2017. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to md06.internships@mail.house.gov by December 1, 2016 with “Spring Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
Arizona Republican is seeking interns for his Washington D.C. office for the Fall, Winter and Spring Semesters. Interns will be exposed to a wide array of the daily activities of a Congressional office – engaging with constituents, assisting members of the staff with writing and other projects as needed and giving tours of the Capitol Building. Additional duties of interns include answering telephones, greeting visitors and sorting mail.
While this position is unpaid, the benefits of interning on Capitol Hill can’t be overstated. This position will help you understand the inner workings of Capitol Hill in a way that’s impossible to get otherwise.
Applicants should have excellent time management and writing abilities, have
  MEM-328-16
MEM-327-16
MEM-326-16
  Page 7 of 13

 MEM-325-16
strong organizational skills with a keen eye for details, and should be motivated self-starters who can produce results with minimal supervision. Arizona ties and previous Hill experience a plus but not required.
Please send a cover letter, one-page resume, and a two- to three-page writing sample to GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com with “Internship Application” in the subject line. No phone calls please.
Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for his Spring and Summer 2016 internship program in his Washington, D.C. and Hot Springs offices. He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated, detail-oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. In the DC office, responsibilities will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on various projects. Although internships are unpaid, the office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Jordan.Garcia@mail.house.gov.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Donovan (NY-11) is seeking applications for full- or part-time, unpaid interns for the Spring semester. The internship is scheduled to run from mid-January to late-May/early-June, but the months of the internship can vary depending on the availability or school schedule of the applicant, if need be. Applicants must be willing to work at least two full days a week. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent organizational and communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, talking with constituents, scheduling and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing briefings and hearings for legislative staff, and supporting the office with any additional duties. Interested candidates should email a current resume and a list of three references, with the subject line “Spring Internship” to NY11Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The House Budget Committee Democratic staff is looking for two unpaid interns for the Spring semester. Primary responsibilities include answering phones, reviewing budget news articles, conducting research, preparing for Committee events and working with budget analysts on special projects. Interns will have the opportunity to participate in Budget Committee briefings, hearings and markups. In addition, interns are encouraged to attend events held by other committees. Candidates should also be self-starters, have strong writing skills and pay close attention to details.
To apply, please see details at http://democrats-budget.house.gov. Page 8 of 13
 MEM-324-16
 MEM-321-16
 
MEM-320-16
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is seeking interns for the winter and spring semesters. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters. Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents. Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the provided application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
The office of Representative Bruce Poliquin is accepting applications for unpaid internships in Washington, D.C. for Spring 2017. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Interns work side by side with experienced full-time staff, and play an integral part in the daily operations of the office. A typical day for our interns includes welcoming folks to the office, researching legislation for the Congressman and policy staff, and answering constituent calls and letters on various issues before the House. Ties to Maine are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to Poliquin.internship@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or part – time interns for the Spring 2017 semester in Washington DC. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject line “Spring 2017 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.
Internship – The office of Congressman Mark Meadows (NC-11) seeks interns to serve in the Washington, DC office for the Spring 2017 semester. Ideal candidates will have excellent written and verbal communication skills as this position involves significant constituent interaction. Applicants must be detail oriented, professional, and highly organized. Responsibilities include scheduling and conducting Capitol tours, processing constituent mail, answering phones, conducting general administrative tasks, and supporting policy staff with various projects. Interested applicants may apply online at NC11.TOURS@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Greg Walden is seeking a paid intern in his Washington, D.C. office to start immediately. Walden is a member of the House Republican leadership and the chairman of a very active subcommittee on Energy &
 MEM-319-16
 MEM-318-16
 MEM-317-16
 MEM-316-16
Page 9 of 13

 MEM-314-16
Commerce, so the office is always very active. Ideal candidates will be college students or recent graduates who are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detail- oriented, enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and have customer service experience. Willingness and ability to give enthusiastic tours of the U.S. Capitol is a must.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations. Although no two days are the same, an intern will be expected to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol, answer phones, greet Oregonians, and assist in managing constituent correspondence and administrative operations.
Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide valuable experience for future endeavors. Prior interns in our office have gained excellent connections, learned about the many issues affecting our state and country, gained expertise in a wide array of policy areas, and gotten a detailed look at what makes the United States the most enduring democracy in the world.
Please submit an application at https://walden.house.gov/internships.
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks a qualified graduate or undergraduate press intern for the spring semester 2017. An internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process. Press interns will compile daily news clips, draft news releases and social media content, conduct research, and assist with administrative tasks such as updating media lists. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings, media briefings or media events on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction. A background in journalism, public relations or general communications is preferred, but not required.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks qualified graduate and undergraduate interns for the spring 2017 semester. An internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process. Throughout the course of their internship, interns will assist staff with administrative tasks such as answering phones, organizing documents, and running errands around the Capitol complex. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to perform legislative research, shadow staff at hearings, and assist in drafting letters and memos on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.
Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid congressional internship for Spring 2017. Duties will include conducting
 MEM-313-16
 MEM-312-16
Page 10 of 13

 MEM-311-16
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are preferred. Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per week. Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and times available (start and end dates as well as days per week) to CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, CA52 Internship” in the subject line. Deadline to apply is November 10th.
Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D), member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, is currently hiring interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include answering phones, sorting mail and faxes, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing general office support as needed. Intern candidates should be current or recent college students, regardless of major but with an interest in Congress and the legislative process. Full time availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are encouraged to apply as well. To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Washington, D.C. team for a full-time, unpaid internship during spring, for a duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hard- working intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a one- page writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to eliza.ramirez@mail.house.gov.
The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Tom Reed is currently seeking full – or part – time interns for the spring 2017 semester. The internship runs from January 2017 through the beginning of May. Ideal candidates should be professional, dependable, and possess strong communication skills. Intern responsibilities include answering phones, giving guided tours of the Capitol, constituent correspondence, attending hearing and briefings, and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but are a great opportunity to gain professional and educational experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. New York ties are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should send their
 MEM-310-16
 MEM-309-16
Page 11 of 13

 MEM-308-16
resume, cover letter, and a writing sample with the subject line “Spring Internship” to samara.brown@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for the spring for 2017. Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Communications Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.
The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time legislative intern for her Washington D.C. office for the spring of 2017. Ideal candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong work ethic and writing skills. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast- paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with “Legislative Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.
The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking full- time interns for spring of 2017 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates would be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
 MEM-307-16
 MEM-306-16
Page 12 of 13

 MEM-305-16
MEM-304-16
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to wi06resumes@gmail.com.
A California Republican Congressman’s DC office seeks applications for a paid full-time intern. Responsibilities include maintaining the office’s organizational order, answering phones, assisting staff members in legislative research, giving tours, greeting visitors and overall office assistance. Candidates should have keen attention to detail, a self-starter work ethic, and quick adaptation skills. If interested, please send a resume, brief cover letter, your availability, and a writing sample to CAgopinterns@gmail.com. Applications will be accepted on a rolling- basis. The office is looking for applicants for late October through January.
Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for the Spring Semester in the Capitol Hill office. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First Congressional District are strongly preferred but not required. Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to jordan1.wilson@mail.house.gov by November 1, 2016.
A Senior Maryland Democratic Member is seeking qualified applicants for a winter/spring internship position in his Capitol Hill Office. Responsibilities include answering phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail and faxes, leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and other responsibilities as needed. Interns will be able to work on projects to assist senior and legislative staff. Interns will also have the opportunity to network and learn from staff members on the Hill. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral and written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to work on a variety of tasks. Internship positions are unpaid. The preferred candidate will be flexible and productive in a fast paced environment. Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and 2-3 page writing sample to MD07.Intern@mail.house.gov. Maryland ties are preferred. No phone calls or drop-ins.
  MEM-303-16
 Page 13 of 13
