 ________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515 202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504 _____________________________________________________________________________
 MEM-110-18
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 26, 2018
Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast- paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail your desired availability, resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to lujan.tours@mail.house.gov.
Please also include your possible start date in your email.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Steve Russell (OK-5) is seeking
candidates for full-time summer internships. Interns will observe the inner Page 1 of 10
   MEM-109-18

workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings, and working on special projects. Oklahoma ties are preferred, but not required. Please send your resume and cover letter to mitchell.wilkinson@mail.house.gov, with "Internship Application" in the subject line.
A California GOP Member of Congress is seeking applications for internship positions available immediately in the Washington, D.C. office. Ideal candidates will be hard-workers with an interest in policy who thrive in a fast-paced environment. Responsibilities include assisting legislative and communications staff, drafting constituent letters, processing and leading tours of the Capitol, and helping to manage the front office. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend briefings and hearings. Ties to California are preferred, but not a requirement. Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to
MEM-106-18
  MEM-107-18
housegopinternshipca@gmail.com.
   Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton’s Capitol Hill office is seeking strong undergraduate, graduate, and recent graduate candidates for the summer internship program.
Description
Responsibilities will include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting legislative research, attending briefings/hearings, drafting memos, performing administrative tasks, assisting with constituent relations, and managing the front office. The internship gives students the opportunity to interact directly with the inner workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process.
Requirements
Applicants should be professional, hardworking, and enthusiastic with strong writing and communication skills. Reliable, responsible, and personable individuals are more likely to thrive in this position. Qualified applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a maximum two-page writing sample in one document to Priscilla.Kim@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Norton Internship.” Both full and part time positions require a minimum three-month commitment, are unpaid, and will be considered on a rolling basis. District ties are required.
No phone calls or drop ins, please.
 MEM-105-18
The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Raúl Labrador (ID-01) is seeking full-time, paid interns for Summer 2018. Congressman Labrador’s office is looking for highly motivated, capable interns to assist his staff.
Page 2 of 10

 MEM-102-18
Successful applicants should possess conservative values and hold strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include but are not limited to: arranging/leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering the main office phone line, drafting constituent correspondence, and assisting legislative staff with research and committee materials.
Most importantly, a congressional internship is a great experience for college students with a passion for public service and the legislative process. Internships will teach students the inner workings of Congress and constituent services. They will provide opportunities for students to improve their writing, legislative research, and communication and interpersonal skills. Recent graduates are also welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter summarizing their interest in working for Congressman Labrador to Labrador.Internship@mail.house.gov Idaho or Western ties are strongly preferred. Please use “(Your Name) - Labrador Internship Summer 2018” in the subject line.
Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Washington, D.C. team for a full-time, unpaid internship during the summer, for a duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hard- working intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a one- page writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to capuano.intern2@mail.house.gov.
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming summer semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases, answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of
 MEM-101-18
Page 3 of 10

 MEM-099-18
availability to MaryBeth.Hervig@mail.house.gov with “Name - Internship Application” in the subject line.
The Office of the Representative Linda Sánchez is currently accepting applications for a full-time internship this summer. Ideal candidates will possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and dates of availability to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA38 Internship” in the subject line.
Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) is seeking applications
for internship positions available in his Washington, D.C. office. Positions are available starting immediately, and applications will be considered on a rolling basis. This internship provides a great opportunity to gain experience working in a Congressional office and get a first-hand look at the legislative process.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, supporting legislative and communications activities, helping with front office operations, assisting with constituent relations, and giving tours of the Capitol. Candidates should be self- starters with excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask effectively and think critically, attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative and governmental process.
This internship presents an excellent opportunity for college students and recent graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter to CA34.internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line.
The office of Congressman Buchanan is looking for immediate start interns. Summer intern candidates will NOT be considered.
We are the Washington Dc office of a senior member of the House Ways and Means Committee. We handle constituent communications, legislation issues, and policy production.
Job Description
 MEM-098-18
 MEM-097-18
Page 4 of 10

 MEM-096-18
Our internship program offers interns a chance to learn and work on the hill and see how the highest levels of government work. Being the office of a senior member of the House Ways and Means Committee, interns will have exposure to healthcare, tax, and trade issues. Interns will assist staff with legislative projects, attend briefings and hearings, and assist with maintaining data bases. Interns will also work on a policy proposal under the guidance of staff and will present their policy proposal at the end of their internship.
Interns will also have the chance to attend briefings independently and on the behalf of staff. At the end of the internship, interns will have a firm understanding of how Capitol Hill works, a bespoke policy proposal, and full understanding of how the legislative process works.
Required Skills
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn
Application instructions
Please email your resume and available start date to HouseGOPinternshipFL@outlook.com.
Congressman Barton’s D.C. office is seeking full-time interns for the summer of 2018. While this position is unpaid, your time here will strengthen your understanding of the legislative process and give you invaluable experience of the operations necessary to be an effective member of a Congressional team. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, phone assistance, conducting tours of the U.S. Capitol, researching federal legislation and assisting legislative staff in various research projects. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend legislative briefings, congressional hearings and receptions on Capitol Hill. Candidates with a strong work ethic and great communication skills are encouraged to apply. Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral and written communication skills, be able to accomplish a variety of tasks and pitch in where needed, and be responsible, dependable and eager to learn. Ties to Texas are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to caroline.waller@mail.house.gov.
The Washington office of Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is seeking both full and part time interns for summer 2018. Start date in April/May and applicants must be a college sophomore or higher.
Typical tasks include answering phones, batching constituent mail, drafting letters, attending briefings and writing memos, guiding Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with various projects. Successful interns must be professional, eager to learn, work well under pressure, and be detail-orientated. New York ties preferred.
 MEM-094-18
Page 5 of 10

 MEM-093-18
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and one page writing sample to nyinterns18@gmail.com with the subject line “SUMMER INTERNSHIP APPLICATION” by April 15th.
The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Summer 2018. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our internship program begins in May until the end of August. First priority will be given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter, a short writing sample (1-2 pages) and work availability with the subject line “D.C Summer 2018 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus but are not required.
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is offering Summer 2018 internship opportunities for college students and recent college graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents, attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing sample to Sam Menchel at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact Sam at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
The office of Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart (FL-25) is currently seeking applications for our summer internship program running from May 2018 through the beginning of August. This position requires greeting guests and constituents, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and assisting in general day to day activities. While unpaid, this position will strengthen your understanding of the legislative process and give you firsthand experience of the operations necessary to run a Congressional office.
 MEM-091-18
 MEM-090-18
Page 6 of 10

 MEM-089-18
Qualified candidates will be hard working, organized, possess strong written and oral skills, and have the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested candidates should send a resume, availability, and cover letter to th Elizabeth.DosSantos@mail.house.gov. Deadline for applications: April 9 , 2018.
The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or part – time interns for the Summer 2018 semester in Washington DC. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject line “Summer 2018 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) seeks a Press Intern for the summer of 2018 in the Washington, DC office. Primary responsibilities will include: compiling and distributing daily news clips, media monitoring, drafting graphics, social media content, press releases, and floor speeches. Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills as well as the ability to work under tight deadlines. Hawaii ties are preferred, but not required. Please send a resume, brief cover letter, two short writing samples, and availability to Lauren.Mcilvaine@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press Intern” by April 1st.
The House Judiciary Committee is looking for interns who can assist in executing an aggressive communications strategy. Candidates should have a strong interest in both public relations and public policy. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills and strong research, writing, and communication skills. Ideal candidates are college students, recent graduates, or graduate students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Primary Duties:
• Assisting with committee hearings, press conferences, panels, forums, and other events
• Drafting social media content (i.e. facebook, twitter, instagram, medium)
• Taking photos of and recording events
• Managing press lists, including creating issue-specific press lists
• Compiling press clips
 MEM-087-18
 MEM-086-18
Page 7 of 10

To apply please send resume and cover letter to: JudPressIntern@mail.house.gov. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
MEM-085-18
 The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce seeks a professional, dependable, and enthusiastic student or recent graduate for a paid communications summer internship working closely with the press team on a variety of tasks. Duties will include drafting and posting Committee web content and social media, basic photography, drafting press releases and statements (other written materials may include memos, one-minute floor speeches, etc.), press list maintenance, compiling and distributing daily press clips, media monitoring, answering the press office phone, and other communications and administrative tasks as assigned. Communications, journalism, public relations, public affairs or political science majors and recent graduates preferred. Internship to begin in May and last through the end of July. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until a qualified candidate is identified.
Please send a resume, brief cover letter, and one short writing sample to EdLaborPressJobs@mail.house.gov.
     MEM-084-18
Congressman Scott DesJarlais (TN-04)—unpaid; full time internship
The DC office of Congressman DesJarlais is looking for summer interns, May-
August.
The responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer phones, conduct Capitol tours, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday. Interested candidates should e-mail an updated resume and cover letter to
MeKenna.Carman@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Jim Langevin (D-RI) is seeking full-time and part-time interns for summer 2018. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include providing constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest. Rhode Island ties are preferred but not required.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All
 MEM-083-18
Page 8 of 10

 MEM-081-18
internships are unpaid. To apply: send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to john.swords@mail.house.gov. Please also indicate your dates of availability and whether you are interested in a full-time or part-time position.
The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary responsibilities include office tasks such as answering phones and handling mail as well as assisting with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist with investigative research or other projects as needed. Summer 2018 clerk intern applications are being accepted! To apply please submit your cover letter, resume and writing sample at https://democrats- oversight.house.gov/about/internships-and-fellowships.
The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications for the 2018 Summer Semester. This is a full-time internship that requires a flexible schedule and knowledge of House Democrats. Our internship term runs from late-May through August. Interns will assist with weekly Caucus meetings, Member outreach, legislative work, and press services. Caucus interns will also handle front office duties such as answering phones, distributing mail, coordinating Capitol tours, and greeting visitors. Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude, attention to detail and a great work ethic. Candidates with prior Hill experience, great writing skills and strong familiarity with House Democrats are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2018 Democratic Caucus Summer Internship” in the subject line.
The office of Congressman Randy Hultgren [IL-14] is seeking candidates for full-time internships in his Washington, DC office. Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative projects, and attending briefings and hearings. While preference is given to applicants from Illinois, I encourage all candidates with a strong work ethic and positive attitude to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter (with potential start date) to IL14interns@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ) seeks summer interns for his Washington, DC office. This internship term runs from May through early August. Duties include sorting and processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting our press team, and drafting constituent correspondence. This internship
  MEM-080-18
 MEM-077-18
 MEM-075-18
Page 9 of 10

is unpaid. Ties to New Jersey are strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the Ways and Means Committee and as the Ranking Member on the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. We are very open to interns working in the areas that interest them most and taking on increasing responsibility as the summer progresses. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Christopher Hadad (Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).
All applications are due by April 1st, 2018. Applicants will be considered on a rolling basis.
 Page 10 of 10
