HVAPS_Template_Members_2026_3_23_2026.txt
MEM-062-26
The Office of Congressman Tom Suozzi has an immediate need to hire a dynamic leader to
fill the Chief of Staff role for the Washington, D.C. office in a full-time capacity. Interested
candidates are encouraged to submit a resume to NY03.jobs@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “[Last name] – Chief of Staff.”
Job Duties:
• Serves as the conﬁdential and strategic advisor for the Member to support
legislative and administrative operations
• Serves as the Member's chief policy advisor to develop all policy objectives,
strategies, and operating plans for the Member’s obice
• Leads and oversees all legislative, policy, communications, and constituent
services strategies to support the obice's legislative operation
• Acts as the Member's principal liaison and representative with key stakeholders,
including executives from the public, private, non-proﬁt, and academic
communities

•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•

•

Manages dibering perspectives and opinions to navigate conﬂicts and develop
solutions ebectively
Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an ebicient and ebective manner
Oversees the hiring, training, and orientation processes of new employees and
evaluates employee performance to ensure goals, activities, and objectives are
accomplished
Delegates tasks to stab and supervises the eborts of employees including the
legislative, press, and constituent service stabs to maintain ebective obice
operation
Maintains oversight responsibility for salary decisions to assist with personnel
management
Understands and navigates dibering perspectives and opinions to resolve conﬂicts
and develop solutions ebectively
Sets obice goals, policies, and procedures, and monitors the obice budget
Featured Skills:
Coalition Building: Develops networks and builds alliances; collaborates across
groups or organizations to gain cooperation, build strategic relationships, and
achieve common goals.
Decision Making: Makes sound, well-informed, and objective decisions; perceives
the impact and implications of decisions. Commits to action to accomplish
organizational goals. Maintains appropriate levels of conﬁdentiality.
Advising: Provides guidance and persuades others; utilizes give and take to make
sure input is considered on important decisions; considers the legislative and
political situation to provide valuable guidance.
Managing Others: Plans, distributes, and monitors work assignments of others;
evaluates work performance and provides ongoing feedback to others on their
performance and opportunities to learn through formal and informal methods.
Political Acumen: Identiﬁes the internal and external politics that impact work.
Perceives organizational and political reality and acts accordingly.

This is a full-time position. Candidates of all educational backgrounds are encouraged to
apply. The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. No phone calls or
drop-ins please.