Members_and_Committee_Bulletin_06.06.2022_v2.txt
MEM-273-22

The Office of Congressman Gregory Meeks seeks a Scheduler/Operations
Manager for the Washington DC office.
Responsibilities include working with the Chief of Staff, District Director, and
the House Foreign Affairs Committee to maintain the Member’s daily and longterm DC, District, and Committee schedule; organizing and evaluating all
meeting requests and invitations; oversees coordination with other Member
offices, Committees, the White House, State Department, Embassies and other
Executive Departments and agencies; coordinates with the Member, Chief of
Staff and Committee to facilitate official travel, domestic and abroad and working
with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is prepared for
meetings, events, and interviews.
This position will also play an active role in office operations. They are the
primary point of contact for House support offices and critical to office
management. They will be required to serve as the parking coordinator,
emergency coordinator, liaise with House Administration, and at times drive the
member. The role is integral to staff onboarding, including IT and tech support,
and will help facilitate other administrative needs as necessary.
Applicants must be highly organized, proactive, and able to work as part of a
team in a fast-paced environment. The ideal candidate performs their duties with
a high level of professionalism while maintaining tact and confidentiality. This
position requires availability outside of regular business hours. This is not an
entry-level position. Applicants MUST have prior scheduling experience in a
Congressional office or Executive office. Salary is commensurate with
experience
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. We strongly value the
diversity of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds
to apply.
Please send your resumes and cover letters
to NY05Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“SCHEDULER/OPERATIONS MANAGER.”

Page 3 of 18