Members_and_Committee_Bulletin_01.18.2021_v2.txt
MEM-009-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Professional Staff member responsible for higher education issues such as
accountability, accreditation, minority-serving institutions, and federal student
loans.

Page 4 of 10

Proficiency of programs authorized in the Higher Education Act is required.
Applicants should have two to four years of higher education policy or research
experience or two years of higher education policy or research experience and an
advanced degree.
This position is writing intensive and requires the ideal candidate to have
exceptional writing, communication, and organizational skills. Must demonstrate
the ability to successfully manage multiple projects under deadlines; display a
collaborative disposition; and a commitment to social justice and expanding
economic opportunity.
Responsibilities will include leading a discrete number of higher education issue
areas; researching, reviewing, and drafting legislation; providing technical
assistance to Member offices; preparing written materials including talking
points, letters, memos, and legislative analyses; tracking regulatory
developments, floor activity, and the related activities of other committees;
supporting the execution of committee preceedings and events related to higher
education; and coordinating with the oversight and communications teams in
support of the Committee’s agenda. Salary Range: $65,000 to $80,000.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples (no
longer than 3 pages each) demonstrating a proficiency in higher education
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Higher Education Professional Staff
Position" in the subject line. Please apply no later than January 20, 2021.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.